



Download Request: Select Items: 1-500
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  15:11:56 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (black money USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                               1 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             May 22, 2010 Saturday

Couple brings national campaign to 'shop black' to Oakland

BYLINE: Angela Woodall Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 671 words


OAKLAND   Former Oakland Raiders wide receiver Art Powell was recovering from
knee surgery in 1969 when he hit on an idea to build the economic power of the
black community. Shoppers could cash in accumulated "Black and Brown" trading
stamps   bearing the image of James Brown   for a loaf of bread, an extra tank
of gas or other essentials.

Powell's Black & Brown Trading Stamp Co. mirrored the pre-World War II backbone
of African-American business districts, called Black Wall Streets. A dollar went
a long way within those networks.

Today, wealth among African-Americans is fleeting because there are too few
black-owned businesses to keep the money in circulation, according to Maggie
Anderson, who spent a year with her husband "buying black."

The challenge for the professional couple, who live with their two young
daughters in Oak Hill, Ill., was to shop for a year exclusively at black-owned
businesses.

When the Andersons began their Empowerment Experiment on Jan. 1, 2009, the
question was whether they could do it.

The answer: yes. But it was hard. "We thought it would be very easy," said
Anderson, who has an MBA and law degree from the University of Chicago. Her
husband, John, is a Harvard graduate with an MBA from Northwestern University.

"We were woefully wrong," she said Thursday, a day before the couple arrived in
Oakland to promote the ongoing campaign at the Mimosa Champagne Lounge.

Shopping on all-black terms meant searching hard for toys, furniture, linens,
appliances, and   despite the visibility of African-American sports stars
athletic equipment. Sometimes they just had to do without.

"That's a lot of money we could not spend," Maggie Anderson.

The experiment meant long drives, less fine dining and more fast food. The
switch saved them money on restaurants, but Maggie Anderson said she gained
weight. Then they had to eat even more fried and processed foods after the only
black-owned grocery store (14 miles away) closed. They spent most of their money
in the south side of Chicago, about 20 miles away. But they resorted to sending
money to the closest black-owned gas station, 83 miles away, in return for gift
cards. They would use those gift cards for gas and, after the grocer shut down,
food at the local service station.

There are two supermarkets within walking distance of their home, but, Maggie
Anderson said, "In all of Chicago there is not one black-owned drugstore. Black
money goes into every community except our own."

"It didn't use to be that way," she added.

It could take a year for a dollar to leave the district of black-owned
businesses in Tulsa, Okla., until the network was torn apart by a racist attack
in 1921, according to the authors of "Black Wall Street: A Lost Dream." A dollar
came and went, they estimated, within 15 minutes by 1995.

Oakland's Black Wall Street Merchants Association was founded in 1998 to support
East Oakland businesses.

The Andersons said that today a dollar circulates for six hours in a black
community, compared to seven to 29 days in other groups.

For black businesses, access to capital is a big hurdle, John Anderson said. He
called the year an experiment in "self-help economics."

The Andersons spent $94,000 by the time the experiment ended Jan. 1, 2010.

The bulk of that money went into underserved communities. "That's the whole
point," Maggie Anderson said. If 10 percent of the country would spend 15
percent of what they did, she said, "we could save Detroit."

The couple returned to shopping regardless of ownership. But many critics of the
experiment are either puzzled by it or accuse the couple of reverse racism.

It is a criticism that comes from not understanding the goal of the campaign,
John Anderson said.

Problems like school dropout numbers and incarceration rates are connected to
the ability of a community to sustain itself economically, he said. Everyone
benefits when communities are self-sustaining, he said. "We wanted to spend
dollars in businesses whose owners are taking on issues that are keeping us up
at night."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                              June 28, 2013 Friday

U.S. District Court jury in Providence jury convicts man in 'black money' caper

BYLINE: R.I. Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 344  words


A U.S. District Court jury in Providence has convicted a 32-year-old
Indianapolis man of passing altered U.S. currency on two occasions and inducing
a victim to transport $5,000 from Massachusetts to Rhode Island as part of a "
black money" scam, U.S. Attorney Peter F. Neronha announced.

Alvin Pennue was convicted of two counts of passing altered obligations of the
United States and one count of interstate transportation of stolen property.

Black money scams involve attempts to obtain money from a victim by persuading
that person that large quantities of banknote-sized paper are U.S. currency that
has been dyed black to avoid detection by customs agents or other authorities.

The victim typically is persuaded, with the prospect of sharing in the proceeds,
to supply real currency to purchase supplies and otherwise facilitate a chemical
transformation to remove the black dye covering the supposedly genuine currency.
In reality, except for a few actual bills used to advance the scheme, the black
money used in the schemes is usually black construction paper.

The government presented evidence that, in October 2011, Pennue passed two
blackened $100 bills to an undercover U.S. Secret Service agent and two
blackened $20 bills to a victim. Pennue persuaded the victim to withdraw $5,000
from his bank account and to bring that money to Providence to invest in the
black money scam.

Passing altered currency is punishable by up to 20 years in federal prison and
up to a $250,000 fine; inducing interstate transportation of money for fraud is
punishable by up to 10 years and $250,000.

Pennue is scheduled to be sentenced by Judge John J. McConnell Jr. on Sept. 4.

Arrests warrants have been issued for two co-defendants: Anthony Chadheen, 35,
of Providence; and Saah Johnson, 36, of Fall River, Mass.

The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard W. Rose and Special
Assistant U.S. Attorney Benjamin S. Towbin.

http://www.rilawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 7, 2013 Saturday

Washington: Indiana Man Sentenced to Federal Prison in Black Money Scam

LENGTH: 488  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco,and Firearms, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Alvin Pennue, 32, of Indianapolis, Ind., was sentenced today to 21 months in
federal prison for passing altered United States currency on two occasions and
for inducing a victim to transport $5,000 from Massachusetts to Rhode Island as
part of a Black Money scam, announced United States Attorney Peter F. Neronha
and Brian S. Deck, Acting Resident Agent in Charge of the Providence Office of
the United States Secret Service.

At sentencing, Pennue was also ordered by U.S. District Court Judge John J.
McConnell, Jr. to serve three years of supervised release following his prison
term and make restitution in the amount of $5,000 to one of his victims. Pennue
was convicted by a federal court jury in Providence on June 19, 2013, of two
counts of passing altered obligations of the United States and one count of
interstate transportation of stolen property - inducing a victim to transport
U.S. currency in interstate commerce as part of a scheme to defraud.

Black Money scams are schemes to defraud whereby individuals attempt to obtain
money from a victim by persuading that person that large quantities of
banknote-sized paper are really U.S. currency that has been dyed black,
typically to avoid detection by customs agents. The victim is persuaded, with
the prospect of sharing in the proceeds, to supply real currency to purchase
supplies and otherwise facilitate a chemical transformation that will remove the
black dye covering the supposedly genuine currency. In reality, except for a few
genuine currency bills used to advance the scheme, the black money is usually
black construction paper.

At trial, the government presented evidence that during October 2011, Alvin
Pennue, through another person, passed to an undercover U.S. Secret Service
agent two blackened $100 bills and two blackened $20 bills to a victim of the
scam. Pennue persuaded the victim to withdraw $5,000 in $100 bills from his bank
account in Massachusetts and to bring that money to Providence to invest in the
black money scam.

The evidence showed that at the time of his arrest on October 28, 2011, Alvin
Pennue and a second person were in possession of a suitcase containing supplies
used to facilitate a black money scam. Pennue was also in possession of over
$2,700, including twenty-three $100 bills.

Arrests warrants have been issued for two co-defendants in this matter, Saah
Johnson, 36, of Fall River, Mass., and Anthony Chadheen, 35, of Providence.

The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard W. Rose and Special
Assistant U.S. Attorney Benjamin S. Towbin.

The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Providence Police
Department, and the Rhode Island State Fire Marshal's Office assisted the U.S.
Secret Service in the investigation of this matter.

For more information please visit: http://www.atf.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               January 26, 1998, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Legislator decries black leaders' plan to cripple party

BYLINE: PETER WALLSTEN

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 682 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



The white legislator who replaced a black colleague as leader of Florida's
state House Democrats said black members of the party may eventually rethink
their plans for retribution.

Defending herself against charges that she and other white party leaders  set
state Rep. Willie Logan up for failure by thwarting his fund-raising  efforts,
state Rep. Anne Mackenzie said Sunday that black lawmakers were  partly to
blame.

"Of black members, Willie Logan was the only one who was doing anything,
raising money," said Mackenzie, D-Fort Lauderdale.

As part of a 10-point plan seeking retribution for Logan's ouster, state  NAACP
leaders called Saturday for a boycott of corporations suspected of  withholding
contributions to the party until after Logan's Jan. 7 departure.

As the man elected to lead the House Democrats, Logan was in charge of  raising
money for candidates to use in the November elections. White leaders  said Logan
was not doing enough.

Black leaders are suspicious because Mackenzie has boasted that the party  had
experienced an influx of money since she replaced Logan less than three  weeks
ago. NAACP leaders suspect Mackenzie and other white leaders asked  donors to
withhold the money.

It will not be clear if any corporations withheld money, or how much more
successful Mackenzie has been, until the next round of campaign finance
disclosures are made public in early April.

Sunday, Mackenzie denied asking corporations to withhold cash until Logan  was
ousted. Instead, she said, she worked hard to help Logan raise money, and  the
recent improvement was the result of her hard work since taking over for  him.

"I have spent many hours on the phone asking people for money, setting up
opportunities to raise money," she said. "If you don't ask, you don't get."

But a leading black lawmaker said Sunday that Mackenzie was wrong to blame
African-Americans for failing to help Logan raise money, naming three black
House members who had helped.

"She shouldn't have said that," said state Rep. Beryl Roberts-Burke,  D-Miami,
chairwoman of the Legislative Black Caucus.

When a reporter called Mackenzie to respond to Roberts-Burke, Mackenzie
referred the question to Logan before abruptly ending the conversation.

Logan could not be reached Sunday.

NAACP leaders and some of Florida's best-known black politicians gathered
Saturday to say that Logan's ouster was the final straw after decades of being
taken for granted.

Logan would have become Florida's first black House speaker, in the event  that
the Democrats overcome their 55-65 minority in the chamber this November.

In fiery speeches by NAACP state President Leon Russell and U.S. Reps.  Alcee
Hastings and Corinne Brown, African-Americans declared their "free  agency" from
the Democratic Party and unveiled a plan that could cripple the  state party.

The 10-point plan included mobilizing student groups, and forming alliances
based on issues and not party affiliation. But perhaps most significantly,
black leaders vowed to campaign against the 31 white Democrats who supported
Logan's removal.

Mackenzie said blacks may reconsider that idea after comparing the  Democratic
legislators' voting records to their alternatives.

"I think they might be shortchanging themselves, and might find they'll
probably not want to do that," Mackenzie said.

The "political war" launched Saturday could be devastating to Democrats  trying
to keep the Governor's Mansion and win seats in the Legislature in  November.
Black voters make up more than 20 percent of the party's electorate.

The Democratic front-runner for governor, Lt. Gov. Buddy MacKay, whom black
Democrats have criticized for not stepping in to prevent Logan's ouster,
decided not to attend Saturday's meeting after Russell counseled him against
going. But he said he hopes to meet with black Democrats to hear their
concerns.

"I hope we come together and have some discussions," he said.

- Times political editor Tim Nickens contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; COLOR PHOTO; State Rep. Anne Mackenzie (ran CITY
& STATE, TAMPA & STATE); State Rep. Anne Mackenzie (ran METRO & STATE)

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                               5 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   January 18, 2001 Thursday Michigan Edition

Agent Black pleads guilty to money laundering charges

BYLINE: By Andrea Cecil; Associated Press Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 228 words


DETROIT -- William "Tank" Black, the agent charged with swindling NFL players
out of millions of dollars, pleaded guilty Wednesday to money laundering and
faces up to 6 1/2 years in prison.

Under his plea agreement, Black also could be fined up to $2.2 million when he
is sentenced May 10.

"We knew that the money was unlawful in some kind of way," Black told U.S.
District Court Judge Lawrence Zatkoff. "We knew that it was wrong."

In exchange for his guilty plea, Black was cleared of other charges, including
conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance, perjury and conspiracy to
obstruct justice.

Black's attorneys, James C. Thomas and Joseph Beeler, declined to comment.

The 43-year-old Black was accused, with others, of laundering money for a drug
ring that brought more than 1,000 pounds of cocaine into Detroit.

The Michigan case is separate from Black's legal problems related to his work as
a sports agent. In Florida, Black has been free on $1 million bond on charges
that he swindled about a dozen NFL players, including Lions wide receiver
Germane Crowell, out of more than $5 million.

Other NFL clients included Jaguars running back Fred Taylor, Giants wide
receiver Ike Hilliard and Eagles running back Duce Staley.

The Securities and Exchange Commission has sued Black, accusing him of
defrauding the NFL players.


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                               6 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Rhode Island: Indiana Man Sentenced to Federal Prison in Black Money Scam

LENGTH: 490  words

DATELINE: Providence


United States Attorney's Office for the District of Rhode Island has issued the
following press release:

Alvin Pennue, 32, of Indianapolis, Ind., was sentenced today to 21 months in
federal prison for passing altered United States currency on two occasions and
for inducing a victim to transport $5,000 from Massachusetts to Rhode Island as
part of a Black Money scam, announced United States Attorney Peter F. Neronha
and Brian S. Deck, Acting Resident Agent in Charge of the Providence Office of
the United States Secret Service.

At sentencing, Pennue was also ordered by U.S. District Court Judge John J.
McConnell, Jr. to serve three years of supervised release following his prison
term and make restitution in the amount of $5,000 to one of his victims. Pennue
was convicted by a federal court jury in Providence on June 19, 2013, of two
counts of passing altered obligations of the United States and one count of
interstate transportation of stolen property - inducing a victim to transport
U.S. currency in interstate commerce as part of a scheme to defraud.

Black Money scams are schemes to defraud whereby individuals attempt to obtain
money from a victim by persuading that person that large quantities of
banknote-sized paper are really U.S. currency that has been dyed black,
typically to avoid detection by customs agents. The victim is persuaded, with
the prospect of sharing in the proceeds, to supply real currency to purchase
supplies and otherwise facilitate a chemical transformation that will remove the
black dye covering the supposedly genuine currency. In reality, except for a few
genuine currency bills used to advance the scheme, the black money is usually
black construction paper.

At trial, the government presented evidence that during October 2011, Alvin
Pennue, through another person, passed to an undercover U.S. Secret Service
agent two blackened $100 bills and two blackened $20 bills to a victim of the
scam. Pennue persuaded the victim to withdraw $5,000 in $100 bills from his bank
account in Massachusetts and to bring that money to Providence to invest in the
black money scam.

The evidence showed that at the time of his arrest on October 28, 2011, Alvin
Pennue and a second person were in possession of a suitcase containing supplies
used to facilitate a black money scam. Pennue was also in possession of over
$2,700, including twenty-three $100 bills.

Arrests warrants have been issued for two co-defendants in this matter, Saah
Johnson, 36, of Fall River, Mass., and Anthony Chadheen, 35, of Providence.

The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard W. Rose and Special
Assistant U.S. Attorney Benjamin S. Towbin.

The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, the Providence Police
Department, and the Rhode Island State Fire Marshal's Office assisted the U.S.
Secret Service in the investigation of this matter.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/ri

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 16, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Black Caucus Has New Leader

BYLINE: By KAREN DE WITT,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 37;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 331 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 15


Representative Donald M. Payne, Democrat of New Jersey, was elected chairman of
the Congressional Black Caucus on Wednesday at a time when the caucus is
threatened by a Republican plan to eliminate its public money.

Mr. Payne, the first black Congressman elected from New Jersey, vowed to
maintain the caucus, which was formed in 1971 to back legislation benefiting
African-Americans.

"The caucus will be alive and well and strong and the conscience of this
institution," Mr. Payne said. The caucus is one of 28 such Congressional groups,
legislative service organizations, that would lose money under the Republican
plan.

Mr. Payne said the caucus was not "overly concerned" about the loss of the
$200,000 in public money it has been receiving each year. He said that it had
only been available since 1984. The elimination of money for caucuses would
probably be more an administrative issue than a financial one, since it comes
from the budget of each member's office.

Mr. Payne will not have the legislative muscle that the caucus's leader had in
the past. Though none of the caucus's 41 members lost in the mid-term elections,
it will be operating in a House with a Democratic minority for the first time
since the group was founded. The caucus lost three House committee chairmanships
and 17 subcommittee chairmanships, and without Federal money it is also likely
to lose its staff.

"I think we in the caucus have a role in trying to keep the Democratic Party
focused and in trying to keep the President's program embodying the principles
of the Democratic Party," Mr. Payne said. "We don't want to get lost by trying
to out-Republican the Republicans.

Mr. Payne ran unsuccessfully for Congress in 1980 against Representative Peter
Rodino. He lost again to Mr. Rodino in 1986. When Mr. Rodino retired in 1988,
Mr. Payne ran and won 73 percent of the vote in the Democratic primary in the
district, whose center is Newark. He easily won the general election.


NAME: Donald M. Payne

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representatives Donald M. Payne, Democrat of New Jersey, left,
the new chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus, and Kweisi Mfume, Democrat
of Maryland, the outgoing chief, yesterday in Washington. (David Scull/The New
York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                               8 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 28, 1992, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Market Place;
What to Buy If Optimistic On Economy

BYLINE: By Susan Antilla

SECTION: Section D; Page 4; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 814 words


SCOTT BLACK isn't happy to see that the Red Sox are in last place. The last time
they finished in last place, Herbert Hoover was in office expounding that
prosperity was just around the corner. And everybody knows what happened after
that.

But Mr. Black, the proprietor of Delphi Management Inc., a money management firm
in Boston, says that while the Red Sox are hopeless, the current economy is not.
Social programs provide "built-in stimuli" to guard against a 30's-style
depression, he says.

Besides, he adds, a Democrat will probably be the next person in the Oval
Office. And that possibility suits the self-described old-fashioned New England
Democrat just fine.

Wall Street tends to be made up of Republicans, give or take a stray liberal.
Among the strays, Mr. Black is notably outspoken about his political views.
Indeed, he talks more like a social worker than a hard-nosed manager calling the
shots on $500 million in client money. A financier who favors drug outreach and
child abuse programs, he advocates Government spending that could send a
hard-core Republican into a cold sweat.

"I hate saying it, because it's not going to happen," he said. "But for the
economy to pick up we need to educate our kids." That means spending big money
on American schools, Mr. Black said.

A revved-up educational system or not, Mr. Black is still placing bets on a
modest turnaround. He has been putting client money into cyclical stocks like
Amax, Texas Industries and New Jersey Steel in recent months, figuring that "if
the economy turns, these companies have a lot of leverage to do well." Amax, a
producer of aluminum, gold, natural gas and coal, closed Friday at $17.125, down
37.5 cents. Texas Industries, a steel and building materials company, closed at
$20, unchanged, and New Jersey Steel, a mini-mill, fell 50 cents, to $16.50.

He is also sanguine on recovery prospects for what he calls "washed-out
technology companies" including LSI Logic, a Silicon Valley chip maker, and Bell
Industries. LSI closed Friday at $6.375, off 37.5 cents, and Bell closed at
$9.75, unchanged.

A value player, Mr. Black buys stocks only when they are selling below book
value -- "the way Warren Buffett used to invest," he said with a chuckle.

Since founding his firm in late 1979, Mr. Black's accounts have outpaced the
performance of the Standard & Poor's 500, rising sevenfold while the S.&P. rose
fivefold. In 1990, a clunker of a year for him, his accounts fell 8.9 percent
while the S.& P. fell only 3.2 percent. Client money began disappearing as value
stocks languished in 1990: from a December 1989 peak of $900 million under
management, Mr. Black's accounts shrunk to their current $500 million.

With value back in style this year, performance has picked up. Through the end
of June, Mr. Black's clients have gained 5.8 percent, on average, while the S.&
P. has declined about 1 percent. Unlike market commentators who have seized the
opportunity to lay out their political investment menus -- one that applies
under President Bush, another that applies under President Clinton -- Mr. Black
shrugs and says it will not matter to individual stocks who wins the election.
But the passionate Democrat takes care to assert that stocks, over all, have
done better under Democratic administrations.

With his own money, Mr. Black has recently invested heavily in Ginnie Maes,
securities of the Government National Mortgage Association, which buys
mortgages, pools them and sells the securities to investors. The most recent
came with interest coupons of 7 percent. Investors should keep in mind, however,
that any purchases of the securities above par come with a risk: if Ginnie Maes
decline in value, and an investor takes a loss, only the losses below par can be
deducted from income taxes. Thus, the investor who sells a Ginnie Mae that fell
from 101 to 100 -- or par -- has no deduction. The investor who bought at par
and sold at 99, however, would be able to take a deduction.

Seven percent of Delphi's funds are invested overseas, with emphasis on
Scandinavian countries, where Mr. Black likes the "indigenous work ethic" on
which companies can capitalize. Mr. Black, who counsels clients that he does not
hedge foreign investments by buying derivatives like futures and options,
intends to increase his exposure to foreign stocks in the months ahead.

Currently, he owns shares of Atlas Copco, a Swedish machinery maker traded as an
American depository receipt on the New York Stock Exchange. Trellebord, a
Swedish metals company, is another Delphi holding. Investors must go directly to
the Scandinavian markets to buy Trellebord, Mr. Black said.

Mr. Black's accounts also include shares of Hafslund Nycomed, a Norwegian maker
of the contrasting agents used in medical imaging. It is traded as an A.D.R. and
closed Friday at $24.25, off 50 cents.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: While the Red Sox are hopeless this year, the current economy is
not, says Scott Black, the proprietor of Delphi Management Inc., a money
management firm in Boston. He sees opportunities in certain stocks. (Barry
Chin/The Boston Globe)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                               9 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 19, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Homespun style on sensitive issues // Author preaches financial independence for
African-Americans

BYLINE: Christine Dugas

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 699 words


Kelvin Boston takes a holistic approach to personal finance in his new book
Smart Money Moves for African Americans (G.P. Putnam's Sons, $ 21.95).

Along with conventional advice about saving and investing, he preaches the
importance of religious faith and a healthy lifestyle in creating financial
well-being.

The result is a New Age personal finance book for black Americans. It succeeds
in delivering information in a homespun style. It doesn't promise get-rich-quick
schemes or talk down to readers.

It does tackle sensitive issues. Boston criticizes African-American churches:
"While preaching about the hereafter, the African-American church rarely
promoted the idea of accumulating earthly possessions; in fact it championed
living a pious life and waiting to receive God's riches in heaven." And Boston
says schools have done a poor job teaching children the principles of the
free-enterprise system and how to manage money.

Much of the advice Boston offers would benefit people of any race. So why a book
just for African Americans?

"Because every culture brings with it some hang-ups about money, wealth and
success that it instills in its children," Boston says.

Robert Lynton, a financial planner in Comstock Park, Mich., agrees. Lynton, who
is black, primarily serves African-American clients, and he says there are
fundamental differences in how his clients save and spend money.

For example, he says black Americans tend to pay for things with cash, so they
may have little or no credit history. "And what they do have is often marred."
And many blacks do not have a plan for saving and investing, Lynton says.

But culture alone doesn't explain the differences. The fact is, blacks earn less
than whites. And homeownership - one of the main ways most Americans increase
their net worth - is often beyond their reach. Blacks still are turned down for
mortgages more often than whites. In his book, Boston takes readers through the
home-buying process, with tips on how to get a mortgage.

Boston takes aim at a number of the myths and misconceptions he says are
hindering economic gains in the black community. Among them: Money is the root
of all evil; you must know somebody to make it in this world; living well is the
best revenge.

To Boston, entrepreneurship - starting a business - is the ultimate smart money
move. He says black business owners earn on average twice as much as salaried
black Americans.

"If African Americans want to participate in the great bounty of America's
free-enterprise system, then more of us will have to join the ranks of the
African-American entrepreneur," he writes.

Boston says his message is not just intended for affluent black families.
Low-income people can and should be saving money, he says.

"If you look at the poorest sector, they have the shortest lifespan," he says.
"They're the last to be hired and the first to be fired. And they have the
fewest skills. If they're not saving money, they'll always be at the mercy of
others."

Christine Dugas is a personal finance writer for USA TODAY and author of Fiscal
Fitness, A Guide to Shaping Up Your Finances for the Rest of Your Life.

Traits of successful firms From a survey of 2,000 sole proprietorships reported
in Canadian Business magazine. Quoted in Kelvin Boston's Smart Money Moves for
African Americans:

Degree of preparation

Successful firms: Spent 6 to 10 months to research and prepare for their
ventures.

Failures: Spent less than four months to prepare for start-up.

Use of advisers

Successful firms: 90% used professionals such as lawyers and accountants in
starting up.

Failures: Only 25% sought professional help at an early stage.

Business education, reading

Successful firms: Almost 70% had taken business-related courses before starting
business and also regularly read business books and magazines.
Failures: Only 10% had attended business courses or now took time to read
business material.

Expectations of income
Successful firms: More than half said they started with modest expectations and
were prepared to wait for signs of success.
Failures: 36% said they fully expected to make barrels of money within three
years.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

MANAGING YOUR MONEY; REVIEW; See info box at end of text; See related stories;
05B

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              10 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              September 19, 1997, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Lyons overstated gifts to colleges by $ 345,000

BYLINE: MONICA DAVEY; MIKE WILSON; DAVID BARSTOW

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2585 words



As president of the National Baptist Convention USA Inc., the Rev. Henry J.
Lyons has portrayed himself as a friend of black colleges.

"Every dollar I could find, I pressed it into" colleges, he has said.  "Every
dollar we could get above expenses went to education."

That claim helped him keep his job. When members tried to depose Lyons this
month in Denver for alleged financial wrongdoing, supporters cited his concern
for black colleges as a major reason to forgive him.

Lyons often boasts - and others proudly repeat - that the convention has  given
$ 2-million to black colleges since he took office in late 1994.

"Look at my records," Lyons said.

This is what the records show:

+ The convention didn't give as much to education as Lyons has claimed.

In interviews with the Times, Lyons said he overstated his contributions to
black colleges by about $ 345,000. He said he discovered the error after
learning the Times was checking with colleges. By his most recent accounting,
the convention has given $ 1.65-million to black colleges, not $ 2-million. The

 higher number, he said, was "what we'd like to do, if we had the money."

+ Even the lower figure is in dispute. Officials from several colleges said
they had no record of receiving a total of $ 190,000 that Lyons says was given
to them by the convention. Lyons, for example, said Selma University in  Alabama
got $ 217,005, but interim president J.C. Carter said it received only  $
60,000. In May, the college filed for bankruptcy reorganization under Chapter
11.

"If that kind of money had come here, we wouldn't be in the quagmire we're  in
now," Carter said.

+ Although Lyons has worked hard on behalf of black colleges, especially  small
ones, at least four institutions Lyons said he supported say they didn't
receive any donations.

+ In 1995, Lyons appointed a commission to oversee the convention's  dealings
with the colleges, but some members have no idea which schools get  money or how
much they get. Lyons alone makes those judgments.

Even he is unsure how much money the convention has given colleges. In an
interview, Lyons produced a chart listing $ 1.6-million in gifts. The chart was

 a work in progress, he said.

"This is what I can come up with," he said. "That ain't absolute."

As he looked at the list, Lyons found errors in his own numbers. "I don't  think
that is correct," Lyons said, pointing to a contribution to a Virginia  school.
A day later, after more questions from reporters, his staff revised  the chart,
adding new names and numbers.

Support for black schools

   Lyons long has preached the importance of supporting historically black
colleges. Many of the institutions on Lyons' list were founded when
African-Americans were excluded from white schools. For years, these colleges
offered black people their only real chance at a higher education. After
integration, many black colleges withered or closed.

As recently as this month, Lyons urged black parents to honor  African-American
history by sending their children to black colleges.

"That must be our commitment," he said in an emotional speech at the
convention's annual session in Denver.

Lyons' own commitment has gone beyond words. For three consecutive years,  he
has appeared at a fund-raising banquet for Mississippi Baptist Seminary in
Jackson. The school has received about $ 15,000 from the convention, but Lyons'
  speeches - for which he received no honoraria - were worth far more than that,

 seminary president Hickman Johnson said.

"Having the president here encourages others to give. And it works. So you
can't measure that in terms of dollars and cents," Johnson said.

Still, when it comes to Lyons' support of African-American colleges, there  is a
gap between image and reality.

It is impossible to verify independently how much money the convention has  sent
to black colleges. No public record exists of such giving. Some schools  would
not say how much they received. Others said they could not locate  records. A
few schools could not be located. Even Lyons' staff could not find  the
Progressive Theological Seminary, a school Lyons said received $ 2,500.

Still, many in the convention have taken Lyons' claims on faith. Sharion
Thurman, vice chairwoman of Lyons' education commission, said in a letter to
the Times that Lyons has indeed directed $ 2-million to black colleges.

But in an interview, she acknowledged that she has no way of knowing that.
Asked if she believes the $ 2-million figure, she said, "I'm going to be
equivocal on that. I'm not going to say yea or nay."

This much is clear: Most of the denomination's education money has gone to
American Baptist College in Nashville, which is owned and operated by the
convention.

Lyons said the school has received $ 1,227,336 during his tenure - nearly  three
times as much as the other schools combined.

"That would probably be a reasonable figure," said the Rev. Bernard  LaFayette,
president since 1992. "His contribution has been consistent."

Each month, the convention sends between $ 25,000 and $ 50,000 to the school,
LaFayette said. The college had 40 students at its summer session and serves
hundreds through its extension program.

Lyons says his support to the school included more than $ 475,000 for  repairs
on school buildings.

"The buildings were about condemned by the codes people," Lyons said. The
convention's most recent annual report elaborated: American Baptist College's
Griggs Hall was "almost closed by the city due to plumbing and heating
violations. President Lyons was able to avoid the closure."

But officials from Nashville's departments of buildings, codes, plumbing  and
heating said they could find no record of a recent citation against the
college, much less a threatened closure.

Told that, Lafayette said formal citations weren't issued because the  college
made the necessary repairs to the heating, air-conditioning and  plumbing
system.

The college struggles to raise the $ 2-million a year it needs to operate,  he
said.

The mostly white Southern Baptist Convention, which traditionally gave the
college $ 300,000 a year, withdrew its support in May, saying it wanted to
spend its money on other things.

"Dr. Lyons has been consistently supportive, but we need more," LaFayette  said.
"It has not been enough. We have to get money directly from individual  churches
and donors."

Donations short, missing

   Alabama's Selma University has also been a major beneficiary of convention
gifts.

"I poured money into that school trying to save it. I put it in there,"  Lyons
said.

Lyons poured in less than he said, according to Carter, the interim  president.
He said the school has received $ 60,000 during Lyons'  administration - $
157,000 less than the figure Lyons gave.

The college continues to operate - barely. It has lost its accreditation  and
now has 50 students. Carter said he spends much of his time "on top of or
underneath buildings," trying to fix leaks and other problems.

Two other institutions said the donations they got from the convention were
significantly smaller than what Lyons reported. Florida Memorial College, in
Dade County, was the beneficiary of a $ 25,000 gift, spokeswoman Retha
Boone-Davis said.

That's $ 15,000 less than the sum Lyons mentioned. Boone-Davis said it was
possible that Lyons' figure included money that came to the school through the
state Baptist convention.

Lyons also said the convention gave Virginia University of Lynchburg  $ 13,000.
But university president Elisha Hall said Lyons promised only $ 5,000,  to be
paid over five years.

The good news for the college: within two years, it received all $ 5,000.  "We
were so thankful to get that, and so grateful to him," Hall said.

Others were not as grateful. Several black colleges said they received no  money
from the convention, even though Lyons said they did.

Lyons said Meridian (Miss.) Baptist Seminary got $ 2,500, but president  David
Lee Simmons said the money never came. Another Mississippi school,  Natchez
Junior College, didn't receive the donation Lyons said he sent,  according to
David Matthews, president of the Baptist group that operates the  institution.

The Rev. Wilson Fallin Jr., president of Birmingham-Easonian Baptist Bible
College in Alabama, is still waiting for a gift from the convention.

"We are on the budget to receive money, but as of yet we have not received  it.
Maybe it is forthcoming," he said. Fallin, historian for the National  Baptist
Convention USA, is a member of Lyons' Cabinet.

Lyons acknowledged that "every school that we have embraced in our budget  we
haven't necessarily paid yet."

Accounting for the money

   Some people inside the National Baptist Convention USA are as baffled as  the
college presidents about which institutions will get money, and when.

After his election in 1994, Lyons appointed the College and Seminary  Education
Commission to oversee the convention's relationships with colleges.  The
commission has met only three times since then. Its members have never  seen
records of the convention's gifts.

"You know how it is when you're in power. Sometimes you don't want to let  other
folks have a piece of it because then somebody else gets some of your
decision-making ability," said the Rev. George L. McFoulon of St. Louis,
chairman of the commission.

Asked what the commission does, McFoulon said, "Not much. . . . We need  more
teeth."

Thurman, McFoulon's vice chairwoman, said the commission has begun to get  some.
In a letter to the Times, she said colleges must now follow strict  guidelines
to get money from the convention.

Schools will ask the commission for money and it will make recommendations  to
the president and the board, she said.

Thurman wrote that the commission is now "fully operable," but one member
reached by the Times didn't know that. The Rev. Theodore H. Bryson, of
Nashville, said he has attended just one meeting and has never contacted the
institution he was assigned to oversee.

"My participation has been minimal," he said.

For Thurman, who lives in St. Petersburg and attends Lyons' church, any
examination of Lyons' giving is unwelcome. She wrote a letter threatening to
sue the Times if it published an article about "the giving (or not giving) of
monies to our schools. . . .

"Please understand that to persist in this storyline is to court a libel  suit,"

 she said.

The Gibbs High School teacher went on:

"Contrary to white people's point of view, the best people to deal with  black
people are black people. We do know our people, and we can best handle  us.
Unfortunately, many whites still have that slave-master mentality. . . .
Therefore, you (and the rest of your white people) tend to think you have to
give us advice. . . .

"Well, you may step back now. As a matter of fact, step out of the picture
altogether."

Lyons has other concerns. He said the money he has sent to black colleges  came
from two places: passing the plate at convention meetings and making  deals with
corporations.

The deals with banks, auto makers and phone companies were controversial
because Lyons didn't tell the convention what he was doing and because he took
large commissions.

But the deals also brought hundreds of thousands to the education fund, he
said. He said he even handed over $ 100,000 of his own commissions to the
schools.

Lyons said this week that he won't be making any more deals; they are too
controversial.

That won't be good for the schools, he said.

Gifts to black colleges, he said, "will be greatly reduced."



How much did colleges get?

Here's a comparison of how much money the Rev. Henry J. Lyons said he gave
black colleges, and how much school officials say they received:

American Baptist College, Tennessee.

Lyons: $ 1.23 million

School official+: Didn't know exact amount of NBC gift

2. Arkansas Baptist College

Lyons: $ 31,000

School official+: $ 31,000

3. Benedict College, South Carolina

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: $ 2,500

Birmingham Bible College, Alabama

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: No record of NBC contribution

Bryant Theological Seminary, Georgia

Lyons: Not sure exact amount

School official+: Didn't know exact amount of NBC gift

Cincinnati Christian College, Ohio

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: Could not be reached

East Chicago Bible Institute, Indiana

Lyons: $ 7,500

School official+: Could not be reached

Florida Bible College and Seminary

Lyons: $ 2,000

School official+: Wouldn't disclose amount of NCB gift

Florida Memorial College

Lyons: $ 40,000

School official+: $ 25,000

LeMoyne-Owens College, Tennessee

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: Wouldn't disclose amount of NBC gift

Ministerial Institute and College, Mississippi

Lyons: $ 5,000

School official+: Could not be reached

Meridian Baptist Seminary, Mississippi

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: No record of NBC contribution

Mississippi Baptist Seminary

Lyons: $ 15,000

School official+: Didn't know amount of NBC gift

Morehouse School of Religion, Georgia

Lyons: $ 35,000

School official+: Could not be reached

Morris College, South Carolina

Lyons: $ 10,000

School official+: $ 10,000

Natchez Junior College, Mississippi

Lyons: Not sure exact amount

School official+: No record of NBC contribution

Piney Woods High School, Mississippi

Lyons: $ 500

School official+: $ 500

Progressive Theological Seminary, location unknown

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: Could not be reached

Richmond Virginia Seminary

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: $ 2,500

Selma University, Alabama

Lyons: $ 217,005

School official+: $ 60,000

Shaw University, North Carolina

Lyons: $ 5,000

School official+: No record of NBC contribution

Shaw Divinity School, North Carolina

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: $ 2,500

Simmons Bible College, Kentucky

Lyons: $ 2,000

School official+: No available record of NBC contribution

Temple Bible College, Ohio

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: $ 2,500

Tennessee School of Religion

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: Could not be reached

United Theological Seminary and Bible College, Louisiana

Lyons: $ 4,500

School official+: $ 5,000

Virginia University of Lynchburg

Lyons: $ 13,000

School official+: $ 5,000

Virginia Union University

Lyons: $ 10,000

School official+: Wouldn't disclose amount of NBC gift

Western Baptist Bible College, Missouri

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: Wouldn't disclose amount of NBC gift

Zion Hill Theological Insititute, Mississippi

Lyons: $ 2,500

School official+: Could not be reached

+ School officials spoken to included presidents, deans, directors and other
officials

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NATIONAL; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, (2); BLACK AND WHITE CHART; The Rev. Henry J. Lyons (ran
National); The Rev. Henry J. Lyons (ran Tampa & State); Lists the amounts Henry
Lyons said he donated to colleges and the amounts each school's officials said
they actually received.

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              11 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 6, 1997, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

Black philanthropy is growing

BYLINE: Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 782 words


William Mays gives away $ 250,000 a year.

Mays, an African-American businessman from Indianapolis, donates
to his church and the NAACP. But he also gives outside the black
community, to cultural institutions like the children's museum
and the symphony. That puts him in the vanguard of an increasing
number of well-to-do African-American philanthropists.


"I want the quality of life in Indianapolis to be very positive,"
says Mays, head of Mays Chemical Company, one of the nation's
largest black-owned businesses. "I believe in sharing success."

His attitude reflects the "absolutely growing" phenomenon of
wealthy African-American philanthropists who include nonblack
institutions in their giving, says Emmett Carson, author of books
on black philanthropy. Carson says this reflects the integration
of blacks into mainstream society.

"There are large numbers of black professionals and athletes
who are taking a broad public view of the impact their money can
have, as opposed to an earlier generation who thought you support
(only) the church and the NAACP," says Robert Franklin, a former
Ford Foundation official. "It's an exciting period."

-- Atlanta Hawks guard Steve Smith says he's giving $ 2.5 million
to Michigan State University for a student-athlete center. The
center, to be named for his mother, Clara Bell Smith, will serve
more than 800 athletes in 25 sports.

-- Chicago Bulls star Michael Jordan gave $ 1 million to the University
of North Carolina's new institute for families.

-- The late businessman and lawyer Reginald Lewis gave $ 3 million
to Harvard University for an international law center.

-- Sheila and Robert Johnson of Black Entertainment Television
have pledged $ 250,000 to Carnegie Hall in New York City for children's
outreach programs.

The changing face of giving is drawing more than 300 people to
Philadelphia today for the First National Conference on Black
Philanthropy. Conference organizers hope to dispel the notion
that blacks are only recipients of charity. And they aim to boost
giving that benefits both the black community and the whole nation.

Glue Wilkins, executive director of the National Alliance of African
American Athletes, says he'll argue that black donors should pool
resources and concentrate on helping their own community.

But Carson, who is also president of the Minneapolis Foundation,
predicts the conference will affirm that African-Americans can
and should support black causes as well as individual interests.
He urges donors to make sure their money talks, by asking recipients
about the racial make-up of their boards and clientele.

The phenomenon of wealthy black philanthropists is so new there
is little research.

"It's not a big movement, but it's beginning to happen," says
Charles Stephens of the Center on Philanthropy at Indiana University.
"There is a significant increase in giving by folks who are newly
rich."

What is measurable is that black professionals are reaching the
higher income brackets. In 1995, there were 259,000 black households
with income of $ 100,000 or more. Adjusted for inflation, that's
more than 20 times the number of households in 1966.

But this wealth is largely untapped. Most wealthy African-Americans
are in their prime earning years. Philanthropists, black or white,
usually wait until they're old or dead to give away most of their
money.

Mays, at 51, is an exception. He gives away about $ 50,000 of his
own income and another $ 200,000 of his company's pre-tax profits
every year. He estimates 40% of his giving is directed toward
African-American groups.

The Children's Museum of Indianapolis, where his wife, Rose, is
on the board, is a favorite of his. He gives to the museum's general
fund and also led the fund-raising for an exhibit on African-American
life.

But Mays also gives to the opera, even though "I really have
no interest in opera. I don't even understand it. But I contribute
to the opera because there are people who understand it and like
it."

Sheila Johnson, 48, is a former music educator who gives mainly
to arts and children's organizations. She is executive vice president
of corporate affairs for Black Entertainment Television and wife
of founder Robert Johnson.

She says they give away $ 600,000 to $ 800,000 of their own money
each year. She also distributes $ 1.5 million of corporate money.

In addition to black organizations, the Johnsons support programs
that benefit all children. "I don't like to set up a color quota
for anything," Johnson says. "I tend to give from my heart and
where the programs are needed."

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Shawn Spence

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              12 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 19, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Financial host expands audience

BYLINE: Christine Dugas

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 262 words


Kelvin Boston has a mission. He wants to help black Americans increase their net
worth by saving and investing.

To achieve that, Boston hosts a personal finance television program on the
Public Broadcasting Service called The Color of Money. His first book, Smart
Money Moves for African Americans, was published two weeks ago. And in February,
he will launch a quarterly magazine, The Color of Money Journal. The first four
issues will be distributed free in African-American newspapers across the
country.

Boston, who grew up in Wilmington, Del., originally set his sights on politics,
not finance. After graduating from Lincoln University in Pennsylvania, he
returned home and started the South Wilmington Housing Counseling Service.

That work led to a job as community relations assistant for former mayor William
McLaughlin. "When I worked for the mayor, I thought politics was it," Boston
says.

But a meeting with a black economist inspired him to become a financial planner.
And for eight years he was a planner with IDS/American Express.

In 1988, he created a financial information TV series aimed at African Americans
on a public-access cable channel in Detroit.

Today The Color of Money airs on PBS and on Black Entertainment Television.

Boston, 41, is single and lives in Detroit. His hero and role model is black
journalist and statesman Frederick Douglass.

In his book, Boston notes that Douglass said: "When we are noted for enterprise,
industry, and success, we shall no longer have any trouble in the matter of
civil and political rights."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

MANAGING YOUR MONEY; See related stories; 05B

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              13 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 6, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Black philanthropy is growing

BYLINE: Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 784 words


William Mays gives away $ 250,000 a year.

Mays, an African-American businessman from Indianapolis, donates
to his church and to the NAACP. But he also gives outside the
black community, to cultural institutions such as the children's
museum and the symphony. That puts him in the vanguard of an increasing
number of well-to-do African-American philanthropists.


"I want the quality of life in Indianapolis to be very positive,"
says Mays, head of Mays Chemical Co., one of the nation's largest
black-owned businesses. "I believe in sharing success."

His attitude reflects the "absolutely growing" phenomenon of
wealthy African-American philanthropists who include nonblack
institutions in their giving, says Emmett Carson, author of books
on black philanthropy. Carson says this reflects the integration
of blacks into mainstream society.

"There are large numbers of black professionals and athletes
who are taking a broad public view of the impact their money can
have, as opposed to

an earlier generation who thought you support (only) the church
and the NAACP," says Robert Franklin, a former Ford Foundation
official. "It's an exciting period."

-- Atlanta Hawks guard Steve Smith says he's giving $ 2.5 million
to Michigan State University for a student-athlete center. The
center, to be named for his mother, Clara Bell Smith, will serve
more than 800 athletes in 25 sports.

-- Chicago Bulls star Michael Jordan gave $ 1 million to the University
of North Carolina's new institute for families.

-- The late businessman and lawyer Reginald Lewis gave $ 3 million
to Harvard University for an international law center.

-- Sheila and Robert Johnson of Black Entertainment Television
have pledged $ 250,000 to Carnegie Hall in New York City for children's
outreach programs.

The changing face of giving is drawing more than 300 people to
Philadelphia today for the First National Conference on Black
Philanthropy. Con- ference organizers hope to dispel the notion
that blacks are only recipients of charity. And they aim to boost
giving that benefits both the black community

and the whole nation.

Glue Wilkins, executive director of the National Alliance of African
American Athletes, says he will argue that black donors should
pool their resources and concentrate on helping their own community.

But Carson, who also is president of the Minneapolis Foundation,
predicts the conference will affirm that African-Americans can
and should support black causes as well as individual interests.
He urges donors to make sure their money talks, by asking recipients
about the racial makeup of their boards and clientele.

The phenomenon of wealthy black philanthropists is so new that
there is little research.

"It's not a big movement, but it's beginning to happen," says
Charles Stephens of the Center on Philanthropy, at Indiana University.
"There is a significant increase in giving by folks who are

newly rich."

What is measurable is that black professionals are reaching the
higher income brackets. In 1995, there were 259,000 black households
with income of $ 100,000 or more. Adjusted for inflation, that's
more than 20 times the number of households in 1966.

But this wealth is largely untapped. Most wealthy African-Americans
are in their prime earning years. Philanthropists, black or white,
usually wait until they're old or dead to give away most of their
money.

Mays, at 51, is an exception. He gives away about $ 50,000 of his
own income and an additional $ 200,000 of his company's pretax
profits every year. He estimates 40% of his giving is directed
toward African-American groups.

The Children's Museum of Indianapolis, where his wife, Rose, is
on the board, is a favorite of his. He gives to the museum's general
fund, and he also

led the fund-raising for an exhibit on African-American life.

But Mays also gives to the opera, even though "I really have
no interest in opera. I don't even understand it. But I contribute
to the opera because there are people who understand it and like
it."

Sheila Johnson, 48, is a former music educator who gives mainly
to arts and children's organizations. She is executive vice president
of corporate affairs for Black Entertainment Television and wife
of founder Robert Johnson.

She says they give away $ 600,000 to $ 800,000 of their own money
each year. She also distributes $ 1.5 million of corporate money.

The Johnsons also support programs that benefit all children.

"I don't like to set up a color quota for anything," Johnson
says. "I tend to give from my heart and where the programs are
needed."

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Shawn Spence

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              14 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 5, 2002 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Signs of 2004 in South Carolina

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A35

LENGTH: 759 words


"Yard signs." That is the mantra of Democratic Rep. James Clyburn of South
Carolina. So it soon will be the deepest conviction of his new best friends --
Missouri Rep. Dick Gephardt, Massachusetts Sen. John Kerry, South Dakota Sen.
Tom Daschle, Connecticut Sen. Joseph Lieberman, North Carolina Sen. John
Edwards, Vermont Gov. Howard Dean and anyone else who, because he wants to be
the Democrats' presidential nominee, will take everything Clyburn says very
seriously.

The road to that nomination will run through South Carolina, and especially
through the 6th Congressional District. Its lines meander creatively to include
most of the black neighborhoods of coastal Charleston and, 110 miles inland,
those of the capital city of Columbia. The lines were drawn in 1992 -- and
tinkered with in 1994 -- to create a minority-majority (61 percent black)
district. That is why Clyburn is the first black congressman South Carolina has
elected since 1896, when similar racial gerrymandering essentially segregated
black voters.

Long before being elected to Congress in 1992, Clyburn, the son of a minister,
was politically active when activism could be lethal. In 1968 state police
killed three and injured 27 at a demonstration in Orangeburg, where, in 1960,
Clyburn and six other young people had organized South Carolina's first lunch
counter sit-in.

That was long ago and in another country. In the subsequent four decades, South
Carolina has changed more, in terms of its race relations and its economy, than
any other state, more even than Mississippi because South Carolina has done
better in attracting businesses.

The current schedule is for the 2004 nominating process to begin with the Iowa
caucuses Jan. 19, then the New Hampshire primary Jan. 27, then South Carolina's
primary Feb. 3. Clyburn says that if Iowa is won by Gephardt or Daschle from
neighboring states, or New Hampshire is won by Dean or Kerry from neighboring
states, "So what?"

So, South Carolina's importance will be magnified. And Clyburn estimates that
blacks will be almost 40 percent of the state's Democratic primary turnout.

The defeat last month of Jim Hodges, South Carolina's Democratic governor, makes
Clyburn all the more the man to see when Democratic presidential candidates come
to the state. "Lieberman," says Clyburn, "is spending about as much time in
South Carolina as I do."

Clyburn has a no-nonsense, almost brusque tone when discussing the Democrats'
difficulties nationally last month. "I saw it coming," he says. He did because
he did not see lawn signs.

"Jim Hodges did not have a single yard sign because he had been told it was a
waste of money," Clyburn says. "We got beat at the game that used to be ours" --
turnout. Democrats, he says, have come to believe that "money alone wins
elections" -- meaning money spent on television. But, he says, "you are not
going to turn out black voters with television."

But street money is another matter. "Let me tell you what street money is," he
says. You go to a black church and say, "We want to use your van on Election
Day" to get voters to the polls. "You want it Sunday, we want it Tuesday." So
the campaign pays the insurance for a year and hires as a driver a Deacon Jones,
whose name is on the van's insurance policy.

Clyburn says of spending on turnout, "When we do it, it's 'street money.' When
Republicans do it, they're 'coordinating.' " He has an agreeable lack of
sanctimony when discussing money in politics. To the consternation of campaign
finance reformers, he thinks most of their reforms will just cause the money to
be shuffled around in new ways, and he supports political action committees as
instruments by which small contributors can enlarge their voices by pooling
their resources.

Sending a signal to all the presidential candidates, he says there is no
substitute for getting on the ground and moving around. That, he says, is how
Lieberman came to understand the importance of rehabilitating historic buildings
at historically black colleges. And it helps to have had, as Dean did at Yale, a
college roommate who is a black South Carolinian and is now a Wall Street
success and is raising campaign contributions.

In his 1992 campaign Clyburn talked to a white businessman who said he opposed
raising the minimum wage. But he also said, gesturing toward his employees, "All
500 of those people are going to be for it." Says Clyburn, "I will never, never
try to out-Republican the Republicans." Clyburn's new best friends should
remember that, and two words: yard signs.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              15 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 2, 2011 Saturday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Conrad Black gets his $5M back-plus interest; Money from two overturned fraud
charges

BYLINE: Sarah Boesveld, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 407  words


Less than a week after a U.S. court ordered Conrad Black back to jail, the
former media baron learned prosecutors will return the millions of dollars they
had been withholding from him for almost six years --plus interest.

Late Thursday, the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of
Illinois said Lord Black will get back his US$5.5-million, money prosecutors had
confiscated in October of 2005. Those funds came directly from the sale of his
New York City apartment, the FBI having taking the US$8.5-million earned there
even before the deal closed.

This was also just before Lord Black and three other former executives of
Hollinger International, a Chicago-based newspaper company, were charged and,
two years later, convicted of fraud related to the misappropriation of money
from the business. Lord Black was also charged with obstruction of justice based
on video footage showing him moving boxes out of a Hollinger office. At the time
of the convictions, Judge Amy St. Eve ordered the men return the US$6.1-million
she deemed stolen from Hollinger shareholders.

The Chicago court has already returned US$2.4-million to Lord Black from the
sale of his apartment, but kept the rest to cover the forfeiture order. A U.S.
appeal court overturned two fraud charges and reduced the amount taken down to
US$600,000. This is why Lord Black gets his money back, said Randall Samborn
from the Northern Illinois attorney's office.

In an email to the National Post, Lord Black said the interest on the
US$5.5-million is currently being calculated. "I have no comment on any of this
until the money actually appears, though the award referred to is welcome," he
wrote. "The original charge on the basis of which the money was seized was part
of a plan to prevent me paying the retainer of my counsel of choice in 2005, and
was so spurious it was never meant by the prosecutors to be taken seriously
other than as a harassment. It was thrown out by the jury in 2007, so the wheels
of justice have not been turning with excessive speed. The trajectory is
gratifying, but I only count the money that is in hand, and not merely in
prospect."

A week ago, Lord Black was resentenced to 42 months in prison less the 29 he has
served from his last sentence of 78 months. He was given six weeks to get his
affairs in order, and will serve up to 13 months in prison. He will serve less
time if he exhibits good behaviour.

sboesveld@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 20, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final

School District Elevates Status of Black English

BYLINE: By PETER APPLEBOME

SECTION: Section A;  Page 18;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 844 words


In a decision that touches on explosive educational and racial issues, the
Oakland, Calif., school board officially declared on Wednesday that many of its
28,000 black students did not speak standard English, but a distinctive language
spoken by American blacks.

The decision, in effect, describes black English as not merely a dialect of
standard English, but a separate language with roots in Africa, which the
district and some linguists call Ebonics, from the combination of the words
"ebony" and "phonics."

The school system says its goal is to teach standard English and other academic
subjects better to black students by acknowledging the language spoken by many
inner-city blacks. Although there is an intense debate at many urban school
systems over how to treat black English, no other school system has adopted such
a measure.

"The goal is to give African-American students the ability to have standard
English proficiency in reading, writing and speaking," said Sherri Willis, a
spokeswoman for the Oakland district. "To do that, we are recognizing that many
students bring to the classroom a different language, Ebonics."

Some critics of the decision described the policy as a cynical ploy to get
Federal money through bilingual programs rather than a valid educational
approach and said it would have the result of further stigmatizing inner-city
blacks and reinforcing speech patterns that leave them outside the national
mainstream.

"They see it as a case where Latinos can get funds, but not black children,"
said John H. McWhorter, a professor of linguistic and African-American studies
at the University of California at Berkeley, who is black. "But I know that
Latinos speak a different language. I know my cousins don't speak a different
language. It's an insult to the cognitive abilities of black children."

Oakland officials said the purpose of the decision was purely educational,
although they acknowledged that the policy could also allow the financially
troubled district to apply for the same Federal money available for bilingual
programs for Hispanic and Asian students.

Details of the new policy are still being worked out, and no cost figures have
been developed. But teachers could receive merit pay for studying black English
and using their knowledge of it in their lessons through better communication
and showing respect for the students' cultural distinctiveness. Unlike standard
bilingual programs, courses would not be taught in black English.

The resolution passed unanimously by the board of the 52,000-student district
declares that all teachers should be trained to respect the Ebonics language
spoken by many of their black students. Some scholars say Ebonics reflects the
West African and Niger-Congo linguistic elements shared by many blacks,
characterized by distinct grammar and syntax patterns like the absence of forms
of the verb "to be."

Blacks make up 53 percent of the district's enrollment. But they are 71 percent
of special education students and only 37 percent of students in gifted and
talented classes. Blacks' 1.8 grade point average on a 4.0 scale is the lowest
in the district.

Seven percent of the students are white, 20 percent are Hispanic-Americans and
20 percent are Asian-American.

Asian and Hispanic students are eligible for $262 million in Department of
Education Title 7 money that will provide bilingual education for 700,000
children under the Fiscal 1997 budget. Some blacks educators have contended that
similar money should be eligible for blacks.

Oakland officials said they expected most of the cost of the new policy to come
from reallocating existing financing, but they left open the possibility of
applying for Title 7 money.

Rick Miller, a spokesman for the Department of Education in Washington, said
Federal law specifically said that the Department of Education viewed black
English as a form of English, not a separate language eligible for Title 7
money.

John Baugh, a professor of education and linguistics at Stanford University, who
is teaching this year at Swarthmore College, said the board was addressing a
valid issue. Professor Baugh, who is black, said that whatever one thought of
the board's action there were enduring linguistic legacies from slavery,
segregation and the continuing isolation of inner-cities blacks that affect
black academic achievement.

Professor Baugh said that he had reservations about viewing Ebonics as a
separate language, but that there should be resources to deal with black
linguistic distinctiveness.

"It would be misleading for the public to equate the language of the descendants
of slaves with the linguistic problems of new immigrants from Russia," he said.
"But having said that, there are very few instances where school districts have
adequately tried to address the linguistic consequences of slavery. The people
involved here have the best interests of the students at heart, so I think it's
unfair to be exceedingly critical on linguistic grounds when they're trying to
help."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              17 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 21, 1990, Sunday, City Edition

NAACP says blacks ready to boycott Japan over racial slur

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL DIGEST; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE; WASHINGTON; FINLEYVILLE, Pa.; ANCHORAGE, Alaska; BERKELEY,
Calif.



American blacks would overwhelmingly support an economic boycott of Japanese
products to protest a racial slur made by a Japanese minister, the NAACP said
Saturday. Japan's Justice Minister Seiroku Kajiyama has apologized for telling
reporters after a September tour of a red-light district that "bad money drives
out good money, just like in America where the blacks came and drove out
whites." But a survey of 1,000 blacks by the NAACP found that two-thirds
believed an apology was not enough and that blacks should stop buying Japanese
products. Some 16 percent have called for demonstrations against Japanese
officials in the United States while 92 percent said they would support an
economic boycott, the NAACP found.
  Agent Orange money misspent
 WASHINGTON The federal Centers for Disease Control misspent $ 6.6-million while
conducting a study of the effects of Agent Orange, according to a congressional
study released Saturday. The General Accounting Office said the money was spent
on work by outside contractors that was not needed or could not be carried out
because there was not a methodology ready to begin the work.
 Elsewhere . . .
 FINLEYVILLE, Pa.  Carbon monoxide seeping from a coal mine fire has forced the
evacuation of nearly 250 people. Crews were sealing entrances to the mine in an
effort to extinguish the fire, which could burn up to nine months. Residents can
return as soon as the mine is sealed.
 ANCHORAGE, Alaska A federal judge has refused Exxon's request for dismissal of
criminal charges stemming from the Exxon Valdez oil spill and ordered the
company to stand trial in April.
 WASHINGTON The House rejected a bill that would have permitted
taxpayer-financed abortions in the District of Columbia.  President Bush had
threatened to veto the appropriations bill for the city's government over its
abortion provisions.
 BERKELEY, Calif.  After 20 years, the University of California at Berkeley
class of 1970 finally had a graduation ceremony. Their original ceremony was
canceled because of sit-ins, demonstrations and marches sweeping the campus.
About 200 of the 3,300 1970 graduates showed up for a ceremony Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              18 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 28, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Va. House Hopefuls Clash on Social Issues

Justin Blum, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. V01; VOTERS GUIDE

LENGTH: 599 words



Republican Del. Richard H. "Dick" Black has supported antiabortion measures in
Richmond. His opponent, Democrat C.B. "Kelly" Burk, favors abortion rights.

Black has crusaded to install filters on library computers to block pornography.
Burk has spoken out against those efforts.

Pick a social issue, and the two candidates for the seat for state House
District 32 likely have opposing views. But on this much, they agree: Loudoun
County needs more money for school construction and transportation.

Black, who won the right to represent the district's swath of Loudoun--along
with a bite-size piece of Fairfax County--in a special election last year, has
become one of the most conservative members of the House of Delegates. He has
proposed legislation advocating antiabortion license plates and has supported
efforts to allow concealed weapons in restaurants.

Black also has pressed for less polarizing causes--more money for transportation
and school construction--and says he has done a good job of obtaining state
dollars for Loudoun.

Burk is the head of the Loudoun Education Association and has worked for causes
dear to school employees, such as allowing parental leave for adoptions and
providing more professional development for teachers. During her campaign, she
has called for growth control measures as well as more money for school
construction and transportation.

Burk has accused Black of being out of step with voters, particularly the young
technology workers moving into the district.

"He's definitely representing the extreme element within the Republican Party,"
Burk said of Black. "On every issue I can think of, we're opposite."

Black counters by accusing his opponent of extremism.

"Mine is more of a family focus," he said.

One of the campaign's biggest clashes has been over guns. Burk has hammered
Black for supporting a measure allowing students to bring guns on school grounds
as long as they are locked in car trunks. Black said the measure was designed
for students in rural areas who want to hunt after class. But Burk has said that
allowing students to have guns at schools, even in locked car trunks, would
encourage violence, something Black disputes.

During the campaign, Black has played down social issues. If reelected, he said
his top priority would be to secure funding to extend Metrorail along the Dulles
corridor.

Black also cited his efforts to obtain money to expand Route 7 from four to six
lanes eastward from the Loudoun County line to Tysons Corner--a route that he
says many of his constituents use to get to and from work.

"We'll be looking at transportation generally," Black said. "That takes up 70
percent of our time."

Black also said he would work to bring back more money for school construction
from the state and press for more state tax dollars to be returned to Loudoun.

Burk said that she would focus on transportation and that Black has not brought
enough money back to the district for such projects. She said she would pursue a
more regional approach to road and transit issues. Burk also said she would work
on education issues and said her experience as a Loudoun teacher would serve her
well.

Burk wants to revamp the state's tax structure so that localities get back a
portion of the income tax.

Burk said she would support several slow-growth measures that Loudoun
supervisors have asked for, including allowing the county to charge developers
fees for school construction.

House of Delegates Districts for Loudoun, Fauquier (This graphic was not
available)




LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              19 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Black humor en route to Tampa's Straz Center

BYLINE: ED CONDRAN; Tribune correspondent

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; NationWorld; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 449 words



HIGHLIGHT: PAGE 2


Lewis Black can't help but look back and laugh. While discussing Robin Williams'
suicide and the state of the United States, the charmingly cranky comic may have
hit it right on the head when trying to define that most elusive of states,
happiness.

I think it all has to do with a job that doesn't feel like work, Black said
while calling from his Manhattan apartment. But most people think that money
makes it for everyone.

When Robin, who was a great guy, died, I heard, 'If he had all of that money,
how could he kill himself?' Well, if you have all of the money in the world, you
still have to live with yourself. I'm not sure if it was a combination of being
bipolar and having Parkinson's made him do it.

Who knows? All I know is that having money doesn't make you happy. I have been
stupidly successful. But I'm no happier than I was when I could barely afford
more than food back in the '80s.

Black, 66, is a midlife success story. During the '80s, he was a
playwright-actor who lived for the plays he produced, which were staged in the
West Village. We did more new one-act plays than any other venue in America,
much to no one's interest, Black said. But it was great. Even though I had no
extra money, I looked forward to every day since it was always fun.

The cerebral Black is thankful for his Daily Show appearances, which have helped
broaden his audience. His clever Back in Black rants are as intense,
unpredictable and humorous as Black is onstage. He always has an ax to grind,
and you can bet he'll be waxing about something that's under his skin when he
performs Saturday at the Straz Center in Tampa.

Don't be surprised if Black talks politics and terrorism. What amazes me is that
there are so few adult leaders, Black said. Look at the most ineffectual
Congress. It's terrible.At the end of his show, Black has been fielding texts
from those in the audience. It's been fun doing that for the last 15 minutes of
shows, Black said. But there's always someone that says, 'Hey, we're doing the
work for you.' You're not, I'm just trying to do something immediate as opposed
to hitting you with all of the prepared material.

Despite the curmudgeonly riffs, Black comes across as pleased. Why shouldn't I
be, Black said. It's been great. So many things have made me so happy over my
career.

What are three experiences that make him the proudest?

Working with Woody Allen in Hannah and Her Sisters is at the top of the list,
Black said. I played one of his writers. And I'll never forget how Woody Allen
is so shy and withdrawn off the set, but on the set he's Woody Allen. Working at
the West Bank. Meeting George Carlin and Robin Williams is right at the top.
There was no one like Carlin.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 2, 2011 Saturday
                                National Edition

Confiscated $5.5M being returned to Black; Withheld for six years; Money from
sale of apartment seized just before arrest

BYLINE: Sarah Boesveld, National Post

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 512  words


Less than a week after a U.S. court ordered Conrad Black back to jail, the
former media baron learned prosecutors will return the millions of dollars they
had been withholding from him for almost six years -plus interest.

Late Thursday, the United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of
Illinois said Lord Black will get back his US$5.5-million, money prosecutors had
confiscated in October of 2005. Those funds came directly from the sale of his
New York City apartment, the FBI taking the US$8.5-million earned there even
before the deal closed.

This was also just before Lord Black and three other former executives of
Hollinger International, a Chicago-based newspaper company, were charged and,
two years later, convicted of fraud related to the misappropriation of money
from the business.

Lord Black was also charged with obstruction of justice based on video footage
showing him moving boxes out of a Hollinger office. At the time of the
convictions, Judge Amy St. Eve ordered the men return the US$6.1million she
deemed stolen from Hollinger shareholders.

The Chicago court has already returned US$2.4-million to Lord Black from the
sale of his apartment, but kept the rest to cover the forfeiture order. A U.S.
appeal court overturned two fraud charges and reduced the amount taken down to
US$600,000. This is why Lord Black gets his money back, said Randall Samborn
from the Northern Illinois attorney's office.

In an email to the National Post, Lord Black said the interest on the
US$5.5-million is currently being calculated.

"I have no comment on any of this until the money actually appears, though the
award referred to is welcome," he wrote. "The original charge on the basis of
which the money was seized was part of a plan to prevent me paying the retainer
of my counsel of choice in 2005, and was so spurious it was never meant by the
prosecutors to be taken seriously other than as a harassment. It was thrown out
by the jury in 2007, so the wheels of justice have not been turning with
excessive speed. The trajectory is gratifying, but I only count the money that
is in hand, and not merely in prospect."

Less than a week ago, Lord Black was resentenced to 42 months in prison less the
29 he has already served from his last sentence of 78 months. The outcome came
as a shock to his legal team, spurring his wife Barbara Amiel Black to faint
when the verdict came down. He was given six weeks to get his affairs in order
-including renewing his British passport -and will serve up to 13 months in
prison. He will serve less time if he exhibits good behaviour.

The dramatic hearing drew from glowing letters written by Lord Black's fellow
inmates at Coleman Federal Correctional facility in Florida and involved a
lengthy submission about the injustices of the case from Lord Black himself.
Still, Judge St. Eve ordered the former media magnate back to prison.

"You are a different person today having spent 29 months in jail," she said. "I
still scratch my head as to why you engaged in this conduct. Good luck to you."

sboesveld@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 17, 1995, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Jail No Barrier to Fraud In Stocks, S.E.C. Asserts

BYLINE: By FLOYD NORRIS

SECTION: Section D;  Page 4;  Column 5;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 388 words


Ronald C. Black could not visit a Nomura Securities office in the summer of
1993, being otherwise detained behind bars in a Colorado prison. But, the
Securities and Exchange Commission charged yesterday, that did not stop him from
opening an account at the brokerage firm's New York office and defrauding the
firm of more than $25,000.

The S.E.C. charged that Mr. Black, then an inmate at the Arkansas Valley
Correctional Facility in Crowley, Colo., got a cellular phone with the
assistance of a guard, Russell W. Brown.

Using the phone, the commission said, he succeeded in opening an account at
Nomura's New York office, saying that he had more than $7 million in cash as a
result of selling some restaurants he had owned.

He persuaded Nomura to buy securities in several companies in July 1993, the
S.E.C. said. The commission said those securities were sold when money was not
received to pay for them, producing a loss for Nomura, but it did not state the
amount.

Mr. Black also persuaded Nomura to wire $94,560 to three bank accounts after
someone claiming to be from Mellon Bank called the brokerage firm and said
$825,000 had been wired to Nomura, the S.E.C. said. In fact, the S.E.C. said,
the call apparently was made by either Mr. Brown or Mr. Black or by someone
acting at their direction, and no money had been sent to Nomura.

Nomura learned that no money had been sent to it, and was able to cancel two of
the wires, of $40,000 to Mr. Brown and $29,560 to a Lexus car dealer. But a
third wire, of $25,000 to Mary B. Owens, was cashed before it could be canceled.
The S.E.C. identified Ms. Owens as Mr. Black's fiance at the time, and said they
had since been married.

The S.E.C. said Mr. Black and Mr. Brown "engaged in similar conduct" at Daiwa
Securities and Nikko Securities. But they evidently were unable to get any money
out of those firms. The commission asked a Federal judge in Manhattan to order
the three people -- Mr. Black, Mr. Brown and Ms. Owens -- to not violate
securities laws and to return money they had taken.

A Nikko spokesman declined comment. Mr. Brown's lawyer did not return a phone
call. Officials at the Pickaway Correctional Institution in Orient, Ohio, where
Mr. Black is now serving time for parole violation, said no calls to inmates
were permitted.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              22 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 17, 1984, Thursday, Final Edition

Court Is Told Ex-Lobbyist Laundered Drug Sale Cash

BYLINE: By Al Kamen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B4

LENGTH: 432 words


A U.S. District Court jury began hearing evidence yesterday in the cocaine
distribution conspiracy trial of former Washington lobbyist Fred B. Black Jr.,
an East Orange, N.J., assistant city attorney and a lawyer from Miami.

The three men, former Riggs National Bank vice president William G. Hessler and
11 others were named Dec. 9 in two grand jury indictments alleging they were
involved in a ring that imported cocaine from Colombia and distributed it to the
District, Texas, California, New Jersey and other locations.

Seven of those indicted, including Lawrence G. Strickland Jr., 32, of Bethesda,
who allegedly ran the ring, have pleaded guilty to various tax, narcotics or
conspiracy charges.

Four others, including two Colombian citizens, are still fugitives. Hessler, who
managed the Watergate branch of the bank through which Black allegedly laundered
more than $1 million of drug money, is awaiting trial on various charges of
fraud and misapplication of bank funds.

The trial before Judge Thomas F. Hogan is expected to last about three weeks,
with some or all of those who have pleaded guilty testifying against Black, East
Orange attorney John C. Tarantino and Miami attorney Robert H. Burns.

In opening arguments yesterday, Assistant U.S. Attorney Roger M. Adelman said
Black, Burns and Tarantino conspired to distribute large quantities of cocaine
between 1978 and 1982 and to conceal the profits.

Adelman said there would be no evidence that Black "ever touched cocaine. His
role is different." Adelman said Black's role was to launder the money for
Strickland and others.

Black also introduced Strickland to Burns, Adelman said, and Burns in turn
introduced Strickland to Colombian drug dealers and also sold Strickland cocaine
"in kilo quantities" for between $45,000 and $58,000 a kilogram. Tarantino also
participated in the conspiracy to distribute the drugs and launder the money,
Adelman said.

Attorneys for the three men insisted they were not involved in a drug or money
-laundering conspiracy. Burns' attorney, William Garber, argued "the evidence
will show simply" that Burns was not part of the Strickland conspiracy.

Black's lawyer, Thomas R. Dyson, said Black was not involved in a money
-laundering conspiracy, but was working on developing sites for casinos in
Atlantic City. Strickland, Dyson said, was one of those who invested in options
to purchase some sites there.

Tarantino's lawyer, O.T. Wells, said Tarantino, who had worked for the New
Jersey Senate, was an expert on the state's gaming laws and advised Black on the
investments.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              23 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     November 9, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

'Street money' little more than voter bribery

BYLINE: Cynthia Tucker

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 07D Cynthia Tucker

LENGTH: 533 words


You've been listening to the steady drumbeat of charges and countercharges
emanating from the 1996 presidential race, and you know that pretty shady things
go on in political campaigns.

But you may not have paid as much attention to an unprincipled practice that
haunts state and local elections: the use of "street money" to boost voter
turnout, usually among black or Latino voters. Also called "walking-around
money," these small, hard-to-trace cash payouts amount to little more than
buying votes or endorsements. The practice ought to banned.

At the very least, mayoral candidates Marvin Arrington and Bill Campbell should
pledge to back away from their habit of using street money as they go into the
runoff. They ought to set a higher standard.

The ignominious tradition of paying voters should have died in 1992, when its
use tarnished the first gubernatorial victory of New Jersey Republican Christine
Todd Whitman. Her campaign manager, Ed Rollins, claimed publicly that one of his
successful tactics was paying black ministers in New Jersey to suppress black
voter turnout.

Since blacks usually vote for Democrats, the strategy of persuading black church
ladies to stay home on Election Day was deemed a boon to Republican candidates.

Rollins later recanted his story, but reputations were nevertheless damaged
---perhaps because the allegations had a ring of credibility. Republicans had
long accused Democrats of using street money to boost turnout of black and
Latino voters. It did not seem farfetched that the GOP might have found a way to
turn the practice in its favor.

The use of street money also tarnished Republican efforts to attract black
voters in the Georgia gubernatorial campaign of 1994. Guy Millner's campaign
paid $ 52,000 to a consulting firm owned by state legislator and civil rights
activist Tyrone Brooks to drum up black support. Shortly after the payment,
Brooks endorsed Millner. Brooks said there was no connection between his
endorsement and the payment.

Of course, Democrats had been in the street-money game long before the
Republicans learned how to play. In 1994, Georgia Democrats paid $ 30,000 to
Concerned Community Development Corp. ---owned by Munson Steed, he of the
Olympic vending debacle, then described as a "political consultant" ---to get
out the black vote.

The use of cash to boost turnout is so routine that few politicians seem to
think there is anything wrong with it. Both Arrington and Campbell bragged they
had spread around ample street money to get out their voters Nov. 4.

But the practice is wrong. It is inherently corrupting, since the payments are
hard to trace. Sometimes the cash is nothing more than a bribe, a way of gaining
the support of a well-known community activist or group.

The use of street money also suggests that black and brown citizens have to be
paid for their votes. Just a generation or so ago, ordinary Americans, most
without means, made enormous sacrifices to secure the franchise for Americans of
color. Their legacy deserves better.

Cynthia Tucker is editor of the Constitution's editorial pages. Her column
appears Sundays and Wednesdays.

E-mail: cynthia@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              24 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            July 15, 2009 Wednesday

Tribes set meetings on Black Hills land claim

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 553 words


PIERRE, S.D. (AP) - Sioux tribe leaders will meet in the next few weeks to
discuss their 132-year-old claim for the return of Black Hills land and a
lawsuit that runs counter to their position on the issue.

The Sioux tribes have refused hundreds of millions of dollars awarded in old
court cases for the improper taking of the Black Hills and insisted on the
return of the land, which is sacred to them.

But a class-action lawsuit filed in April on behalf of some tribal members seeks
to force distribution of the money.

The tribes' spiritual leaders will gather in Green Grass on July 26 and 27 to
pray and discuss the Black Hills issue.

"That will direct us how to go," said A. Gay Kingman, executive director of the
Great Plains Tribal Chairman's Association, which includes 16 tribes from North
Dakota, South Dakota and Nebraska.

Elected leaders from Sioux and other American Indian tribes in the area will
meet later to discuss the issue, Kingman said Tuesday in a telephone interview
from her office in Rapid City. The meetings were prompted by the lawsuit and the
election of President Barack Obama, who has urged the people of the Great Sioux
Nation to unite, she said.

"I think the most important thing is everyone realizes we all need to come
together," Kingman said.

The class action lawsuit says the courts can't give back the land so the only
way tribal members can be compensated for the loss of the land is with the
money. A lawyer who filed the lawsuit has said the awards have grown with
interest to about $900 million.

The U.S. government has asked a federal judge to dismiss the lawsuit, contending
the money was set aside for the Sioux Nation, not individual tribal members.

The U.S. government agreed in an 1868 treaty that the Black Hills would be set
aside for use by the Sioux. But miners and other fortune seekers flocked there
after gold was discovered. That led to military battles that culminated in
George Custer's defeat at the Little Big Horn in 1876.

When the Sioux refused to sign a new treaty giving up the Black Hills, Congress
passed a law taking the land in 1877.

The U.S. Supreme Court said in 1980 that the government had to pay for the land
and upheld a lower court ruling awarding eight Sioux tribes $106 million, which
was the value of the land in 1877 plus interest to that point.

The lawsuit also seeks the distribution of money from another case compensating
the tribes for the taking of timber, water and mineral rights in the Black
Hills.

The Rosebud Sioux Tribe, which hopes to someday exchange the money for federal
land in the Black Hills, has sought to intervene in the lawsuit, according to
court documents.

At a meeting Tuesday of the United Sioux Tribes, an association of Sioux tribal
leaders, tribal chairmen said they doubt the tribes will decide to take money
for the Black Hills.

"It is the standing position of the Lower Brule Sioux Tribe that they wouldn't
even consider money unless land return was a part of the process," said Mike
Jandreau, chairman of the central South Dakota tribe.

Roger Trudell, chairman of the Santee Sioux Tribe in northeastern Nebraska, said
the Black Hills' spiritual importance plays a big role in the issue. The tribes
must discuss all aspects of the Black Hills land claim at the upcoming meetings,
not just the class action lawsuit, he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 11, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Black clerics in N.J. rage at vote tale

BYLINE: Bruce Frankel; Richard Benedetto

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 607 words


A GOP strategist's retraction of his claim that black ministers accepted money
to suppress the black vote in the New Jersey governor's race failed to quell
anger or quiet calls for an investigation.

Gov.-elect Christie Whitman's campaign manager, Ed Rollins, said Tuesday that
black ministers accepted $ 500,000 from Republicans to hold down voter turnout
in the traditionally Democratic black community.

Rollins retreated in a statement Wednesday, saying "my desire to put a spin on
events has crossed the line from an honest discussion of my views to an
exaggeration that turned out to be inaccurate."

But black ministers, besieged by phone calls from parishioners asking if there
was truth in the charges, were enraged by the effect the allegations could have
on the standing of the black church.

The charges do "violence to much of what we stand for and threatens the
confidence that members of the black churches have in their leaders," said the
Rev. Edward Verner, executive director of the 1,200-member Black Ministers
Council of New Jersey.

"Rollins is a liar," the Rev. Buster Soaries said before hearing that Rollins
had reversed himself. "I've talked to every major minister, and no one was
approached," said Soaries, who heads the social action committee for 350 New
Jersey black Baptist churches.

Rollins' remarks constituted a "direct attack on the black church" because "it
gives the general impression that black ministers are for sale," he said.

Black churches have traditionally been among the most powerful voices in urging
black voters to the polls.

The urban vote in the Nov. 2 election was lower than normal in traditional
Democratic strongholds. Democratic incumbent Gov. Jim Florio lost to Whitman by
28,000 votes.

In what struck many as a strange admission for a campaign manager, Rollins told
reporters at a Washington breakfast discussion Tuesday that $ 500,000 in
"walking around money" was paid to the favorite charities of black preachers to
keep them from exhorting parishioners to vote.

At a news conference Wednesday, Whitman angrily asserted, "It never happened."

Before hearing Rollins' retraction, Florio called the idea of paying to inhibit
voting "obscene" and "very disturbing."

Trenton Mayor Douglas Palmer called on the state Urban Mayors' Association,
which he heads, to launch an investigation to determine if "our election laws
have been compromised or broken."

The controversy is not the first for Rollins, who has a history of speaking
candidly and getting in trouble.

As White House political director in 1982 he angered President Reagan by saying
that Reagan's daughter, Maureen, would be a weak U.S. Senate candidate in
California. She eventually lost a GOP primary.

In 1990, Rollins advised GOP candidates for Congress to distance themselves from
President Bush, who had broken his no-new-taxes pledge. Rollins eventually
defected to the independent candidacy of Ross Perot, a job he quit after six
weeks because Perot was ignoring his advice.

The use of so-called "street money" is permitted under state election law to pay
campaign workers to get out the vote and act as poll watchers.

A staple of machine politics, the practice of using "street money" has long been
common though rarely articulated.

"Street money" is among the areas of campaign financing that escaped national
reforms two decades ago. But experts said on Wednesday that the furor set off by
Rollins may change that.

Says GOP political consultant Jay Severin: "It's as old as the hills. But if
history is any judge, it has just made itself a candidate for media and
legislative scrutiny."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, AP (2); PHOTOS, b/w, Charles Rex Arbogast, AP (2)

THE NATION; See related story; 01A

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              26 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 28, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

DISTRICT 32; Common Ground On Schools, Roads; Other Issues Reveal Strong
Differences

Justin Blum, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: WEEKLY - VA; Pg. V07; VOTERS GUIDE

LENGTH: 1024 words



Republican Del. Richard H. "Dick" Black has supported antiabortion measures in
Richmond. His opponent, Democrat C.B. "Kelly" Burk, favors abortion rights.

Black has crusaded to install filters on library computers to block pornography.
Burk has spoken out against Black's efforts, saying the filtering software
violates violates constitutional rights.

Pick a social issue, and the two candidates for the 32nd House District have
opposing views. But on this much, they agree: Loudoun County needs more money
for school construction and transportation.

Black, 55, who won the right to represent this swath of Loudoun along with a
bite-sized piece of Fairfax County in a special election last year, has since
become one of the most conservative members of the House of Delegates. He has
proposed legislation advocating antiabortion license plates and supported
efforts to allow concealed weapons in restaurants.

But Black also has pressed for less polarizing causes--more money for
transportation and school construction--and says he has done an admirable job of
obtaining state dollars for Loudoun.

Burk, 46, is head of the Loudoun Education Association and has worked for causes
dear to school employees, such as allowing parental leave for adoptions and
providing more professional development for teachers. During her campaign, she
has called for growth control measures as well as for more money for school
construction and transportation.

Burk has accused Black of being out of step with voters, particularly the young
technology workers moving into the district.

"He's definitely representing the extreme element within the Republican Party,"
Burk said of Black. "On every issue I can think of, we're opposite."

Black counters by accusing his opponent of extremism.

"Mine is more of a family focus," Black said.

One of the campaign's biggest clashes has been over guns. Burk has hammered
Black for supporting a measure to allow students to bring guns onto school
grounds as long as they are locked in car trunks. Black said the measure was
designed for students in rural areas who want to hunt after class. But Burk has
said students having guns at schools, even in locked car trunks, would encourage
violence, something Black disputes.

During the campaign, Black has played down social issues. If he is reelected, he
said, his top priority would be to secure funding to extend Metrorail along the
Dulles corridor.

Black also cited his efforts to get money to expand Route 7 from four to six
lanes eastward from the Loudoun line to Tysons Corner--a route that he says many
of his constituents use to get to and from work.

"We'll be looking at transportation generally," Black said. "That takes up 70
percent of our time."

Black also said he would work to bring back more money for school construction
from the state and press for more state tax dollars to be returned to Loudoun.

Burk said she also would focus on transportation. She said Black had not brought
enough money back to the district for transportation projects. She also said she
would pursue a more regional approach to road and transit issues. She said that
she would work on education issues and that her experience as a Loudoun teacher
would serve her well.

She also wants to revamp the state's tax structure so that localities get back a
portion of the income tax.

Burk said she would support several slow-growth measures sought by Loudoun
supervisors, including allowing the county to charge developers fees for school
construction.


DISTRICT 32: House of Delegates


Richard H. 'Dick' Black (R)*

Age: 55.

Residence: Sterling.

Education: BA, JD, University of Florida.

Occupation: Lawyer.

Elected offices/civic activities: National Federation of Independent Business;
Law Enforcement Alliance of America; Board of Trustees, Loudoun County Library;
Family Foundation.

Family: Married; three children.

Why should the voters elect you?

"As Governor Gilmore said, 'I have worked tirelessly to mitigate the effects of
rapid growth in Northern Virginia.' Transportation and education are my top
priorities. I secured $ 13 million in funds to widen Route 7 toward Tysons
Corner and $ 10.1 million to rebuild Route 15. I voted to return 100 percent of
lottery profits to schools, introduced the Teacher's Tax Credit bill, voted to
make it illegal to carry guns on school grounds and co-sponsored a bill with
Senator Mims to improve school construction funding. My endorsements include
Governor Gilmore, Governor Allen, Lieutenant Governor Hager, Attorney General
Earley and Senator Mims."

What would you like voters to know about you?

"Educating our children is important to me. Each of my three children attended
public school, and my youngest son currently attends Potomac Falls High School."

Web site: www.delegateblack.com

E-mail address: del_blackhouse.state.va.us


C.B. 'Kelly' Burk (D)

Age: 46.

Residence: Leesburg.

Education: BA, George Washington University; MA, Virginia Tech.

Occupation: President, Loudoun Education Association.

Elected offices/civic activities: American Heart Association; former legislative
assistant, Sen. Charles L. Waddell (D-Loudoun); Virginia Education Association;
National Education Association; Loudoun County Chamber of Commerce.

Family: Married; two children.

Why should the voters elect you?

"My husband and I moved here over 20 years ago. It was the best decision of our
lives. Our boys were born and raised here. They were educated in our public
schools. I have spent my entire adult life in our schools working for our
children and their teachers. Now I am ready to take that experience to Richmond.
To work for you and your family. To make sure our children get the quality
education they deserve. To represent your views and make our community the best
it can be."

What would you like voters to know about you?

"I support laws to keep concealed weapons out of bars, restaurants and 'gun-free
zones' to keep our kids safe while they're away from home."

Web site: www.kellyburk.com

E-mail address: kellyburkaol.com



LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              27 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

               FEBRUARY 14, 1996 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BIKE RIDE WILL RAISE MONEY FOR TOUR OF BLACK COLLEGES

BYLINE: MICHELLE GUIDO, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 561 words


Chris Parker is used to pedaling his bicycle to raise money for good causes.

Last year, he did it for kids orphaned in the Oklahoma City bombing. The year
before, to send some young women from his church to a national conference.

This year, Parker, a Santa Clara County juvenile hall counselor, has gathered
local officials to ride bicycles from San Jose to San Francisco on Feb. 24, in
hopes of raising enough money to send 100 local high school students to tour
predominantly black colleges in the fall.

Parker was looking for a good cause to support when he ran into Carl Ray, a
home-school teacher and comedian in San Jose, who for eight years has taken Bay
Area students to tour five historically black universities: Morehouse College,
Spelman College, Clark Atlanta University, Morris Brown College and Tuskegee
University.

"When Chris called me with the idea, I said, 'I don't ride bikes, but if you
want to get involved and do some work, that would be great,' " Ray said. "He
took off right away, and he's been really dedicated."

For the past several weeks, Parker has recruited riders, mapped out the path
they'll take, found sponsors to provide food, water and relief vehicles, and
worked tirelessly to find contributors.

What they need now are students. After notifying local churches and some
schools, about 60 teens have contacted Parker or Ray - but there's room for
twice that many. Ray's annual tour usually includes that many students, but he
and Parker decided that if they could come up with a way to raise the money -
$700 per student - they could accommodate as many as 120.

As a juvenile hall worker, Parker said he's seen so many teens in trouble - some
of whom have no adults who care about them - that he wanted to find a new way to
help young people.

"A lot of us are the lucky ones, because we went to college, we got our degrees,
and many of us moved on without giving anything back to these kids," said
Parker, 33. "We're looking for kids who don't have to have good grades - all
they need is a will to go to college.

"If they have that, we'll find a way to get them on this tour."

The overwhelming majority of students at the five college campuses are black.
The students who have signed up for the trip are primarily black, although
Parker and Ray said anyone can sign up. Santa Clara County is just 4 percent
black, and Ray said the trip's purpose is to expose such teens to places where
they are less likely to feel alienated.

The students will be responsible for finding pledges and collecting money for
the trip. The bike riders are not responsible for raising money, though some
have promised to pledge funds.

The riders - Parker expects more than 150 - will begin their trip at the San
Jose Police Department and ride to San Francisco City Hall. Water and food
breaks will be available along the way. Free bike inspections for riders are
being provided by the Evergreen Bicycle Shop.

Santa Clara County probation officer Mike Green is helping by rounding up
sponsors and pledges for the event.

"There seem to less options for kids who want to know about methods for getting
to college," Green said. "Particularly when I hear that 40 percent of black
males under the age of 20 are in the penal system, it seems like all the
intellectual energy is being spent in custody as opposed to college."

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: IF YOU'RE INTERESTED
Riders will leave the San Jose Police Department at 8:30 a.m. Feb. 24. For more
information, or to pledge, call Chris Parker at (408) 238-0525 or Carl Ray at
(408) 259-6516.

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: MERCURY NEWS FILE PHOTOGRAPH
Juvenile hall counselor Chris Parker is organizing the fund-raising ride.
[960214 LO 1B 1; color]

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             June 7, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

People set aside less for retiring Hispanics, blacks farthest behind in planning
for furture

BYLINE: By Harriet Johnson Brackey South Florida Sun-Sentinel

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C09

LENGTH: 518 words


FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - Fewer people are saving for retirement these days, but
Hispanics and blacks are falling farther behind in setting money aside, a new
poll shows.

The Employee Benefit Research Institute, a nonpartisan think tank in Washington,
found that fewer than half of all blacks and Hispanics have saved money for
retirement, even though most minorities think they'll be financially secure when
they are no longer working.

The Minority Retirement Confidence Survey, released Tuesday, found plenty of
other signs that this confidence may not be justified. The poll showed that far
more minorities than others have very small savings. And, more minorities have
stopped adding money to their savings in the past four years.

One possible explanation: Health care costs are preventing workers, especially
those at the bottom of the pay scale, from saving money. Although the EBRI poll
didn't ask workers why they aren't saving, "Almost always in the polling data
you'll see workers are bearing more and more of health insurance costs
themselves," said Jack Van DerHei, a Temple University associate professor and
research director of the EBRI Fellows program.

"When you have to make a choice, are you going to save for retirement or are you
going to pay health insurance costs that might let you live until retirement?"
he said.

The poll found that since 2003, the proportion of black workers who say they
have saved money for retirement has fallen to 48 percent from 62 percent. The
proportion of Hispanic workers has dropped to 41 percent from 60 percent in
2003. That compares to 66 percent of all workers who say they have set money
aside for retirement. That, too, is down from 71 percent in 2003.

"That's not surprising, because the last four years have been fairly tough on
middle America, with rising gas prices, a lot of fluctuation in real estate and
rents went up because property taxes went up," said Jose Cancela, a principal of
Hispanic USA Inc., a market consulting firm, and a director of U.S. Century Bank
in Miami.

More than half of blacks and Hispanics told surveyors they have less than
$10,000 in total savings. That compares to 35 percent of all workers. The
disparities continue at every level of savings. Of all workers, 13 percent said
they have between $50,000 and $99,999 set aside, but only 7 percent of blacks
and Hispanics have that much.

Mr. Cancela blames the nation's financial institutions - particularly those
outside of South Florida, California and New York - for not teaching Hispanics,
most notably first-generation immigrants, the importance of saving and the
basics of credit.

"The banking sector has not invested a lot of time or energy or effort in
educating the Hispanic community," he said.

But lagging savings rates are evident in the black community as well. Another
survey, the Black Investor Survey, from Ariel Mutual Funds and Charles Schwab &
Co., showed that wealthy blacks and whites who have similar incomes don't save
at the same rate. That poll, released in June 2006, shows blacks have $59,000 on
average saved for retirement compared to whites' $93,000.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 10, 1983, Saturday, Final Edition

15 Indicted In Alleged Drug Ring

BYLINE: By Al Kamen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1066 words


A federal grand jury yesterday indicted 15 people, including Washington lobbyist
Fred B. Black Jr. and former Riggs National Bank vice president William G.
Hessler, on various charges in connection with an alleged scheme involving money
laundering, racketeering, mail fraud and the importation and distribution of
cocaine from Colombia.

Black, 69, was arrested yesterday while he was having lunch at an M Street NW
restaurant. Four other defendants were also taken into custody yesterday, but
the 46-year-old Hessler had not yet been arrested.

The indictments were announced at a press conference by Attorney General William
French Smith, who said they were the first to be returned in Washington under
the Organized Crime Drug Enforcement Task Force program begun last year by the
Reagan administration.

U.S. Attorney Joseph E. diGenova said the indictments were the result of a
year-long investigation by agents from the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S.
Customs Service, the FBI and the Drug Enforcement Administration into what
diGenova called a "complex, sophisticated and lucrative cocaine ring" allegedly
run by Lawrence G. Strickland Jr., 32, of Bethesda between 1977 and 1982.

DiGenova contended that Strickland and his colleagues allegedly obtained the
cocaine from various Miami brokers and distributed it to the District of
Columbia, Texas, California, New Jersey and other locations.

One of the two indictments returned yesterday charged that Black introduced
Strickland to a major cocaine wholesaler in Miami and assisted Strickland by
laundering more than $1 million of drug money through the Riggs bank.

The money allegedly passed through Black's accounts at the Watergate branch of
the bank, which was managed by Hessler, who authorities said is Strickland's
brother-in-law.

According to the indictments, Black allegedly paid bribes to Hessler of more
than $40,000 in cash and other items, including a trip to Las Vegas.

Hessler allegedly permitted Black to make deposits of large amounts of cash into
his accounts without compliance with federal currency regulations, and also
allegedly gave Black loans of more than $150,000 without authorization from
senior bank officials, according to one of the indictments.

Riggs bank spokesman George Beveridge said yesterday that Hessler was last on
the bank payroll on June 7 but said he would have no comment on "the
circumstances" of Hessler's departure.

Asked if the bank had cooperated in the investigation, Beveridge said Riggs "had
participated to the full extent of its legal obligations, including responding
to subpoenas."

One of the indictments alleges that Strickland, on Sept. 3, 1979, sent about
$304,000 in cash on a Lear jet from Austin, Tex., to Washington, and Black
received it the next day.

Black allegedly deposited the money in what the indictment says was a "shell"
corporate account at the bank in the name of Dunbar Management and on that same
day allegedly directed Hessler to send a wire transfer of $300,000 to an account
at the Guarantee Bank in Atlantic City, N.J.

Nine days later, according to the indictment, Strickland sent another $500,000
in cash from Austin and elsewhere to Black and Black deposited about $450,000 in
the Dunbar account and another alleged shell account. Black deposited another
$50,000 in the accounts the next day, according to the indictment, and directed
Hessler to send a wire transfer to the New Jersey bank for $500,000.

The 65-page, 53-count, indictment against Strickland, Hessler and Black charges
each with participating and conspiring to participate in a "racketeer-influenced
and corrupt organization." If convicted, each man faces up to 20 years in prison
and a $25,000 fine on those counts and an additional 5 years in prison and
$10,000 fine on charges of interstate travel in furtherance of racketeering.

In addition, Hessler was charged with misapplication of bank funds, making false
entries on bank records and filing false income tax returns. Black was charged
with income tax evasion and concealing information from the Internal Revenue
Service.

Both Hessler and Black were also charged with mail fraud, wire fraud and
currency reporting violations.

Black also was charged in a second indictment with conspiracy to distribute
cocaine.

Strickland also was charged in that second indictment with conspiracy to
distribute cocaine, distribution of cocaine and possession of cocaine with
intent to distribute. Each of those offenses is punishable by a maximum 15 years
in prison and a $25,000 fine.

Black was ordered held on a $100,000 bond set yesterday by U.S. District Court
Magistrate Patrick J. Attridge.

Attridge ruled that he would hold a hearing to determine if any money Black
might put up for the bond was derived from illegal actions. If so, Attridge
could refuse to accept the money as bond.

Black, a well-known figure in the '60s who was once a business associate of
former Senate aide Robert G. (Bobby) Baker, was working as a lobbyist when the
FBI illegally placed a microphone in his suite at the Sheraton-Carlton Hotel in
1963. Black was convicted of tax evasion in 1964 but acquitted of the same
charge two years later in a retrial after the Justice Department disclosed the
existence of the illegal microphone.

In addition to Black, FBI agents had arrested four others by late Friday,
according to a spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's office. All four were charged
in the second indictment with one or more drug violations.

Joseph A. Gazzo, 40, of Washington, who was charged with possession of cocaine
with intent to distribute it and conspiracy, was arrested yesterday and held on
$50,000 bond. Attridge ordered a similar bond verification hearing to be held if
Gazzo produces the money or collateral to be released.

Arrested in Woodbridge on a charge of possession of cocaine with intent to
distribute it was Vance W. Phillips, 40. It was not known if Phillips had been
released on bond.

Michael Ribera, 38, of Melbourne, Fla., who was charged with conspiracy,
distribution and possession of cocaine with intent to distribute, was arrested
in Florida and held on $500,000 surety bond.

John C. Tarantino was arrested in East Orange, N.J., on charges of conspiracy
and possession of cocaine with intent to distribute it. He was held on $50,000
bond.

FBI agents are still looking for the other defendants.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              30 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 3, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Book was birthed by baptism of fire

BYLINE: Rhonda Richards

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 237 words


Dennis Kimbro needed a positive mental attitude to complete Think and Grow Rich:
A Black Choice.

After completing a doctorate in political economics at Northwestern University,
Kimbro had embarked on a book project, interviewing 36 of the USA's most
successful black entrepreneurs. A short time later, he caught the attention of
W. Clement Stone, the insurance magnate and philanthropist who publishes Success
magazine.

During their first meeting, Kimbro sat at the long oak desk in Stone's suburban
Chicago office expecting a great job offer. Instead, the mustachioed Stone,
puffing one of his trademark cigars, asked him to complete Napoleon Hill's
manuscript, Think and Grow Rich: A Black Choice.

When Kimbro asked about money, Stone ''put his hand on my shoulder and said,
'Well, Napoleon Hill didn't have money to do his study, and we're not going to
give you money, either.' ''

What followed were several years of scraping to make ends meet. His wife, an
accountant, took on part-time evening work at a department store. The family
nearly lost their home four times after falling behind in mortgage payments.
Their car was repossessed. And at one point, Kimbro sent his three daughters to
New Jersey to live with his mother.

The ordeal finally paid off. Kimbro expects handsome royalty checks from the
successful book. And he now commands $ 7,500 an appearance on the
motivational-speakers circuit.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Money Bookshelf

See main story; Author urges blacks to grab bootstraps // Theme draws praise,
criticism

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              31 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            January 21, 2001, Sunday

TO JESSE, BLACK IS BEAUTIFUL : REVEREND'S RACE CARD IS OVERPLAYED

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 084

LENGTH: 451 words


WEDNESDAY was a lousy day for the Rev. Jesse Jackson. Not that he didn't deserve
it.

First, Rev. Jackson was forced to admit that he had not long ago fathered a
child out of wedlock. Then, in a far less publicized development, Jackson's
racial activism aimed at the sports world was again exposed as such fact-free
knee-jerking that he remains more disposed toward defamation than reformation.

Wednesday in a federal courtroom in Michigan, William "Tank" Black, jet-setting
sports agent, pleaded guilty to money laundering on behalf of drug dealers. He
now faces 61/2 years in prison, plus a $2.2 million fine.

Black is an African-American whose highly dubious and now criminal activities on
behalf of prominent NFL and NBA clients inspired the NFL Players Association to
censure Black and threaten him with expulsion as an accredited representative.

Desperate, Black screamed, "Racism!" And he enlisted Rev. Jackson, a board
member within Black Americans of Achievement, one of Tank Black's corrupt
business ventures, to bolster the charge.

Black's lawyer, Leonard Mungo, also chose a racial hustle over the facts. "It
appears to me," he said several months ago in Black's defense, "that we are
seeing the work of the angry white man syndrome."

But the charges of racism, not that Jackson bothered to check - he is, after
all, the prominent racial activist who charged the NBA with "stripping Dennis
Rodman of his dignity" - were colossally absurd. The agent who first flagged
Black to the NFLPA, Ray Anderson, is an African-American. The head of the NFLPA,
Gene Upshaw, is an African-American.

And all of Black's clients who couldn't find out or figure out what happened to
millions of dollars they'd entrusted to Black - players including NBA star Vince
Carter, NFLers Ike Hilliard, Fred Taylor, Rae Carruth, Jevon Kearse, Terry
Allen, Jacquez Green, Duce Staley and Germane Crowell - are all
African-Americans.

Black still stands accused in Florida of ripping off about $5 million from his
African-American sports clients and illegally paying Florida undergrads for
their future consideration. In Louisiana, he's accused of bribing LSU athletic
department employes with steering star players his way.

And Wednesday, Tank Black, who Jesse Jackson had reflexively suggested was a
victim of the sports world's overt racism, pleaded guilty to laundering money on
behalf of a Detroit drug ring.

Phil Mushnick appears regularly in New York Post Sports Week.


LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IN THE TANK: It was a tough week for sports agent William 'Tank' Black,
who pleaded guilty to laundering money for drug dealers, and Rev. Jesse Jackson,
above left, who admitted he fathered a child out of wedlock.AP

           Copyright 2001 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              32 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                Final_C Edition

Conrad Black's convictions to stand: Judge

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A32

LENGTH: 414 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Conrad Black has lost a bid to have his remaining convictions dismissed on the
basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the former media baron from
hiring the defence lawyers he wanted.

The filing, made last year in a U.S. district court in Chicago, centred around
claims that law-enforcement's seizure of $9 million of proceeds from the sale of
his New York apartment left Black without enough money to retain lawyers Brendan
Sullivan and Gregory Craig, who both worked at Williams & Connolly LLP in
Washington, D.C.

Black bought the apartment from his company Hollinger in 2000 for $3 million US
and later sold it for $9 million US. His lawyers argued that prosecutors
deceived the court to obtain two warrants to seize the assets by concealing
information that would have undermined their case for taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for $9 million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale wasn't
available to Black, his lawyers argued that denied him his right to counsel.

Black said that without the money he couldn't afford the services of the two
high-profile lawyers. On Tuesday, Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge
who presided over Black's initial fraud charges, denied the motion.

"It is worth noting that this case was hotly litigated from the beginning," Eve
said in her decision. "During the course of the pretrial proceedings and the
trial, (Black) never informed the court that he was not represented by his
counsel of choice."

The filing accused prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims that Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a purchase
price of $3 million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had paid for it
initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Black, who was released from prison last May, would have been cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his motion was successful.

The initial filing stated that while it was too late to "turn back the clock"
and allow Black access to his chosen lawyers, it was not too late to overturn
his convictions.

Black served 37 months of a 42-month sentence in a Florida prison and returned
to Canada last year under a special temporary permit given that he is no longer
a citizen.

In a highly publicized battle in 2001, he renounced his Canadian citizenship so
he could accept a peerage in the British House of Lords.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 15, 1989, Monday, Final Edition

Richmond Fed Chief's Concern: Keeping Inflation in Check

BYLINE: John M. Berry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F1

LENGTH: 1735 words


When Robert P. Black became president of the Richmond Federal Reserve Bank in
the summer of 1973, the first great surge of inflation of the 1970s was
building. Food prices were soaring and the Arab oil embargo and price shock were
just ahead. It was not an auspicious time to be joining the ranks of the Fed's
senior policymakers.

Black, a friendly man of great Southern charm, had been first vice president of
the Richmond Fed for five years, and the bank's directors were ready to promote
him when his predecessor died. As president, he would not only shape the
Richmond bank's policies and be its emissary to the region's banking and
business world, he also would become a significant voice in setting the nation's
monetary policy.

But such appointments have to be approved by the Federal Reserve Board in
Washington, and at the time that really meant that Federal Reserve Chairman
Arthur F. Burns, who was gearing up for an anti-inflation drive, had to give his
okay.

Burns did not know Black well and was skeptical. Only after Black began to
attend meetings of the Fed's top policymaking group, the Federal Open Market
Committee (FOMC), in place of his predecessor did the chairman give his
approval.

"Burns sensed I was a likely ally, and he and I became very good friends," Black
recalled. "Of course, the rumor around Richmond was that it would take $ 60,000
a year to get a top-flight commercial banker to take the job, and since the bank
was not willing to pay that much, they got me."

Today, Black has served on the FOMC longer than any of the seven Fed Board
members or the other 11 presidents of district reserve banks, who together make
up the 19-member FOMC. His principal concern, how to keep inflation under
control, has not changed.

As head of the Richmond Fed, Black plays the two quite separate roles that go
with being president of any of the reserve banks, which together with the Board
in Washington make up the Federal Reserve system.

First, he is chief executive of an establishment with 2,055 employees and
branches in Baltimore and Charlotte, N.C., that provides Federal Reserve
services and supervision to banks in Maryland, Virginia, the District of
Columbia, North Carolina, South Carolina and most of West Virginia. In effect,
the Richmond Fed is a bank for other banks.

Second, as a member of the FOMC, he helps formulate the nation's monetary
policy, which in a decade of budget stalemates has been the principal tool by
which the government has sought to control growth of the economy and inflation.
Like the other district bank presidents, he also is involved in dealing with
some issues affecting operations of the entire Federal Reserve system.

The services provided by the Richmond Fed include lending to financial
institutions caught short for unexpected or seasonal reasons, check clearing and
the electronic transfer of funds, custodial care of securities, distribution of
coins and new currency and destruction of old currency, and the examination and
supervision of state-chartered commercial banks that are members of the Federal
Reserve.

The Richmond Fed's first vice president, James Monahollan, oversees day-to-day
operations of the bank -- except for its well-regarded research department.
Black watches over that department because his real professional love is
research about the role of money in the economy and the way in which its control
can contribute to the nation's long-term economic health.

Essentially, Black, who holds BA, MA and PhD degrees from the University of
Virginia, believes that keeping the economy healthy requires stable prices. For
the past year, as the FOMC under the guidance of Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan has
gradually boosted interest rates to slow economic growth and control inflation,
Black has been more pleased than usual with FOMC policy.

"Given the high level of employment we've got, and the high level of utilization
of resources, we have to have slower economic growth," he said in a recent
interview.

"We can't expect more from the economy. But I don't think we need a recession to
get inflation down. We've clearly had an uptick in inflation, but we do not need
a recession.

"I think the chairman has done a fantastic job. Philosophically, we are cut from
the same piece of cloth."

As a voting member of the committee last year -- the seven Fed Board members and
the president of the New York Fed always have a vote, while four other
presidents vote on a rotating basis, though they all participate in FOMC
deliberations -- Black, for the first time since he took over in Richmond, cast
no dissents. For a change, the Fed was choosing to squeeze the economy with
higher interest rates just as hard as he thought was necessary.

Black is a man who strongly prefers consensus to dissent, but he sometimes has
found himself unable to accept the views of a majority of the FOMC, which often
has chosen a policy course providing more money to the economy than he thought
wise. "I dissented a good deal when Chairman [Paul A.] Volcker was in," he said.
"That always pained me, because I respected him so much and because I had a
sneaking suspicion he was right."

Black, 61, describes himself as "a pragmatic monetarist and a rational
expectationist. People are rational, and you are not going to fool them for
long. Pumping up the money supply would not increase real output for long" but
would add to inflation down the road, he said.

Monetarist economists believe that the rate of growth of current-dollar gross
national product is determined by the availability of money with which to
finance it. They acknowledge that for periods of two or three quarters, real
economic activity can be boosted by faster money growth. However, over longer
periods, real GNP growth is a function of the rate of increase in real
resources, such as labor and capital, they argue. And any rise in the money
supply in excess of the amount needed to finance that real growth will only
generate inflation.

Fed officials say the long service of Black -- and Roger Guffey, his counterpart
at the Kansas City Fed since 1976 -- has given the system a much needed sense of
continuity as other FOMC members have come and gone.

"Gracious," "knowledgeable," "savvy," "consistent," "stubborn" and "respected"
are some of the words the officials use to describe Black.

Black's manner is decidedly low-key and his humor is self-deprecating. He is
forever passing on credit for something to the staff of the Richmond bank,
playing down his own role. He even deliberately absents himself each year from
one of the meetings of his bank's directors so the board can see Monahollan in
action.

Said one Fed official elsewhere, "I would have no qualms about calling Bob Black
about almost anything. ... He has respect in the system as a knowledgeable,
savvy interpreter of what is going on."

Like most other monetarist economists, Black has been greatly disturbed by the
fact that deregulation of financial institutions and the interest rates they can
legally pay on deposits, coupled with large swings in rates, have made
conditions far less stable during the 1980s. In other words, a given increase in
the money supply may not necessarily be followed by a predictable increase in
current-dollar GNP and inflation.

However, the president of the Richmond Fed believes that the relationship
between money growth and prices has begun to settle down again. By controlling
increases in the money measure known as M2, the Fed can control inflation in the
future, he said. M2 includes currency and travelers checks in circulation,
checking deposits at financial institutions, savings and small time deposits,
most money market mutual fund shares and a few other small items.

In the year ended in March, M2 grew 3.7 percent, the lowest rate in years. From
December through March, it rose at an annual rate of only 1.3 percent, and Black
has begun to wonder if that might be too slow.

"We have done a lot in the last two years to decelerate M2, and I think there is
a limit to how fast you can do that and avoid a recession," he said. "I have
been satisfied with our course. My feeling is that we have gotten it down as
fast as we should. We should aim at 3 percent growth [of M2] long-term. Then we
will weed inflation out of the economy."

At the February meeting of the FOMC, the last at which Black would vote
regularly until 1991 because of the committee's rotation system, Black found
himself in an unaccustomed position. Robert Parry and Lee Hoskins, presidents of
the San Francisco and Cleveland banks, respectively, dissented from the majority
decision because they wanted further increases in interest rates to curb
inflation.

"It was the first time I ever sat in there and watched someone vote for tighter
money than I did," Black said. "It worried me. We have been too easy too often.
It is too easy to ease up, even if you want to fight inflation.

"I wish we had a clear congressional mandate to keep prices stable. When you
have multiple objectives [including trying to maximize employment], as we have,
it is always easier to concentrate on the problem of the moment. I think the
best way to achieve full employment is to keep prices stable."

Because of evidence available later in February and in early March that the
economy was still clipping along, and that inflation was getting worse, a sort
of contingency clause in the FOMC policy directive was invoked and key
short-term rates climbed further. Since mid-March, a variety of reports have
indicated economic growth has slowed, but so far without much effect on
inflation.

This is the time during which Fed policymakers such as Black really earn their
pay.

Uncertainties about the economic outlook abound. Can growth be slowed without
dropping the economy into a recession? Can inflation be capped or brought down
without the restraining effects of a recession? If the slower growth continues
for a while, at what point should the Fed begin to reduce interest rates to
avoid a recession? The answers to all those questions are judgment calls.

Black, like all reserve bank presidents, must step down at the end of the year
in which he turns 65, which for him will be 1992. He will be working up to the
last minute, if he has his way.

"I still enjoy my work," he said. "It's certainly an exciting time to be in
there. There is no shortage of challenges."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ROBERT P. BLACK, PRESIDENT OF THE RICHMOND FEDERAL RESERVE, HAS
A SPECTACULAR VIEW OF DOWNTOWN RICHMOND FROM HIS OFFICE ON THE 24TH FLOOR. AP
FOR TWP

TYPE: FEATURE, BIOGRAPHY

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              34 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 28, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Top Baptist Official Is Guilty of Stealing And Business Fraud

BYLINE: By RICK BRAGG

SECTION: Section 1; Page 1; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1178 words

DATELINE: LARGO, Fla., Feb. 27


The accused, one of the most powerful ministers in the country, asked God to
influence the jurors' hearts and minds. But the minister, the Rev. Henry J.
Lyons, who used the trust given him as a man of God to steal millions, found
himself without divine help in a Florida courtroom.

In Pinellas County Circuit Court here today, Mr. Lyons, president of the
National Baptist Convention U.S.A., Inc., the nation's largest black religious
organization, was convicted of racketeering and grand theft, including charges
that he had stolen money that was donated to a fund to rebuild black churches
destroyed by arson.

Mr. Lyons, who had used the money to live a lavish life style that included a
$700,000 waterfront home, a time-share condominium in Lake Tahoe, Nev., luxury
cars and expensive jewelry, stood still as the verdict was read. The only thing
that moved was his Adam's apple as he swallowed hard when the clerk of the court
read "guilty."

The man who had once punctuated his sermons against sin with cries of "I'm doing
some preaching now!" walked quietly from the courtroom, saying only that he was
"going to my church," to pray. Mr. Lyons, 57, faces a sentence of five to eight
and a half years in prison on the charges.

For more than a month, prosecutors tried to convince a jury that Mr. Lyons had,
with the help of his aide Bernice Edwards, used the good name and bogus
membership lists of the 100-year-old National Baptist Convention to bilk
millions from companies wanting to do business with black customers.

The evidence against the minister "was overwhelming," one juror, Shannon Byrd,
told reporters as she left the courtroom. But the same jury that found Mr. Lyons
guilty of racketeering would, just moments later, acquit Ms. Edwards, who,
prosecutors asserted, had worked hand in hand with Mr. Lyons.

Ms. Edwards, 42, sobbed quietly into the shoulder of her lawyer when the verdict
was read.

"It's been so long," she said of the 28-day trial, her voice just above a
whisper. "I thank God and I thank my lawyer. It's been very hard."

Ms. Edwards faced one racketeering count and was not charged in the scheme to
steal money from the fund for burned black churches.

Prosecutors were happy with the verdict for Mr. Lyons, who, they asserted,
betrayed the faith that he used, as his cover, to make money.

The National Baptist Convention describes itself as the nation's largest black
religious organization, with more than 8.5 million members. It was access to
that membership, which prosecutors said was grossly inflated, that companies
wanted so they could peddle life insurance, burial plots and credit cards.

Mr. Lyons, who is out on bond while he awaits sentencing, is scheduled to stand
trial in April in Federal court on 54 counts of tax evasion, extortion and money
laundering. Ms. Edwards also faces similar charges in Federal court.

The verdict, which the jury reached this morning, was delayed until this
afternoon when two Tampa Bay television stations gave defense lawyers copies of
E-mail messages from a man who said a juror, Ms. Byrd, had discussed the jury's
deliberations with a friend.

Lawyers for Mr. Lyons and Ms. Edwards requested a mistrial. But the trial judge,
Susan Schaeffer, skeptical that something as flimsy as a mysterious E-mail
message could negate a jury's verdict, questioned Ms. Byrd.

"No, m'am," Ms. Byrd said, when asked whether she had discussed the case. Later,
she told reporters, "I didn't do any of that."

It was just the latest development in a case that often strayed outside the norm
of criminal cases.

Specifically, the two defendants were charged on a single count of racketeering,
involving several instances, prosecutors said, in which they promised to sell
bogus lists and access to the National Baptist Convention's supposed membership
of 8.5 million. Prosecutors said the figure was probably closer to 1 million.

Mr. Lyons was also charged with grand theft, with stealing most of about
$240,000 donated to his organization by the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai
B'rith, money that was supposed to be distributed to black churches that had
been destroyed by arson.

It was a trial in which the name of God was invoked again and again, mostly by
lawyers for Mr. Lyons and Ms. Edwards, whom they described as His servants.

But as the two defendants tried to cloak themselves in religion, and as their
lawyers tried to convince jurors that when money was floated into his personal
account, it was just the way that black churches "do business," prosecutors
hammered again and again at their credibility with bank statements, letters and
other hard evidence.

Throughout the trial, prosecutors documented specific instances of what they
said was theft. The prosecution produced two letters from Mr. Lyons to the
Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, falsely reporting that the money it had
donated to the burned black churches had been distributed.

Prosecutors produced a document in which the National Baptist Convention had
estimated its state-by-state membership -- a list that Mr. Lyons had used in his
scheme, the prosecution said. In some states, the organization reported a black
membership that exceeded the number of black residents in those states.

But even as the documents and other evidence piled up around them, Mr. Lyons and
his lawyers predicted that God would deliver him and Ms. Edwards from what they
called the persecution of the state.

As the jury, five white women and one white man, began deliberations on Thursday
afternoon, the two defendants and a group of about 25 close associates joined
hands in the courthouse hallway and sang "What a Friend We Have in Jesus." Then
a supporter and member of the Baptist organization, the Rev. Charles Emery of
Gary, Ind., led the group in a rousing prayer.

"Our Father, we need your intervention," Mr. Emery said, asking God to help the
jury make the "right" verdict.

"We need you to work on their hearts," he said as the people in the circle
shouted "Yes, Jesus!" and one man loudly stomped his feet. "We need you to work
on their minds."

Then, as tears filled the eyes of some in the circle, Mr. Emery made a
prediction: "We claim the victory right here."

When he was done, Mr. Lyons's wife, Deborah, hugged a weeping Ms. Edwards. It
was Mrs. Lyons who began the investigation into her husband's business dealing
and lavish life style, when, in July 1997, she set fire to a $700,000 waterfront
home he had bought with Ms. Edwards. Mrs. Lyons was convicted of arson and was
sentenced to probation.

Later, Mrs. Lyons would say she did not suspect her husband of having an affair
with Ms. Edwards and stood by her husband throughout the trial. Ms. Edwards
denied having had an affair with Mr. Lyons.

Others stood by him, as well. His church, Bethel Metropolitan Baptist Church in
nearby St. Petersburg, retained him as pastor, and leaders in the National
Baptist Convention voted to keep him as president, even as some members worried
that he would drag the organization's reputation down with him.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              35 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 14, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

BLACK AUTO DEALERS' SQUEEZE;
Dreams fade as auto sales falter

BYLINE: Mindy Fetterman

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1255 words

DATELINE: CASTLE ROCK, Colo.


When Judson Powell opened his Ford Lincoln-Mercury dealership at the foot of
Castle Rock two years ago, he had a one-car showroom, a one-seat washroom and
eight cars.

He lost money right away. ''It was more like an old barn than a dealership,'' he
says.

Now Powell is in a new $ 1.3 million facility on a three-acre site up the hill.
He has 80 cars on his lot and a 12-bay service department. Last year he sold $
5.5 million of new and used cars and trucks. And he's still losing money. ''I'm
three to five years from being profitable. But I'll probably run out of money
before I run out of time,'' he says ruefully.

He's not alone. The tenuous foothold that blacks have carved in the auto
industry over the last 10 years is in danger of crumbling. Of the 159 blacks in
Ford Motor Co.'s dealer-development program, 81% are losing money, vs. only 25%
of dealers nationwide, a black dealer's group says. One-third of General Motors'
black dealers went out of business in 1989, most for financial reasons. About
10% of Chrysler's 86 black dealers shut down last year.

Programs that the Big Three automakers launched in the 1960s and '70s to
recruit, train and finance black auto dealers have succeeded in getting people
out in the field. Ford led with 255 black dealers at the end of 1989, including
159 in the dealer-development program, vs. 105 at GM and 86 at Chrysler. The
question now: How long will these dealers be able to stay in business? ''The
gains we've made could go down the drain if someone doesn't throw out a life
preserver,'' says Mel Farr, a former running back for the Detroit Lions who has
three dealerships in Motor City suburbs.

Like many white auto dealers, black dealers are foundering in a sea of sinking
car sales. Sales of U.S.-made cars and trucks fell 6% to 14.5 million in 1989,
and this year's weak January and February haven't helped.

These are the first bad times blacks dealers have been through. Most joined
during the auto industry's boom days - from 1985 to 1988 - ''when anybody could
sell anything,'' Powell says. Now they're faced with a downturn. When times are
hard, black dealers suffer more, for many reasons:

- Lack of experience. It's killing them. Nearly 60% of black dealers have been
in business just three years, vs. 24 years for the average dealer. Only 33 black
dealers have been in business 10 years or longer. That means black dealers don't
have profits built up over years to carry them through, or the experience to
know when to slash costs early enough to offset falling sales. ''When a black
loses $ 100,000 in a year, he's $ 100,000 in the hole. He doesn't have 10 or 15
years of capital in reserves to weather the storm,'' says Tony March, president
of the GM Minority Dealers Association and owner of Tony March Buick in
Hartford, Conn.

- Higher costs. Most blacks paid a premium to get into the business during the
1980s boom; white dealers who got into business earlier paid less. Many black
dealers paid top dollar for their land and buildings; white dealers tend to have
paid off the mortgages on their land and buildings because they've been in one
spot for years.

- Limited brands. The single-store, one-brand dealership is all most blacks can
afford to buy. That leaves them no padding if they get stuck with a poor-selling
brand.By 2000, at least half the 16,300 individual auto dealers in business
today won't be, says J.D. Power and Associates, an auto research firm. Fewer
dealers will own bigger multibrand dealerships.

- Poor locations. The dealerships that blacks get a crack at buying are often
the weakest ones. Only 10% to 15% of the USA's 25,400 car dealerships even come
up for grabs, says Rusty Restuccia, director of Ford's minority- dealer program.
About 42% of all dealerships are inherited - passed from white father to white
son, says the National Association of Automobile Dealers.  ''We get the
dealerships nobody else wants,'' says Chuck Harrell, owner of Harrell
Chevrolet/Oldsmobile/Geo in Flat Rock, Mich.

Even experienced black dealers are hurting. In Detroit, Jim Woodruff's
Oldsmobile dealership - one of the few remaining black-owned dealerships in the
city - shut down in January after 12 years. Two years ago, Oldsmobile sold 1.1
million cars nationwide; last year, about 600,000, he says. ''When I came in,
this was the only opportunity I had. GM said, 'Take it or leave it.' It's never
been easy, but until now - it's been doable.''

Minorities, including blacks, Hispanics and American Indians, go through the
automakers' intensive one- or two-year programs. Those include classroom
sessions and on-the-job training with an established dealer. They must come up
with $ 75,000 to $ 100,000 to invest, but the auto companies finance up to 85%
of the cost of the dealership. Ideally, the black dealer eventually uses profits
from the business to pay off the automaker. Whites most often buy dealerships
outright for $ 400,000 to $ 2 million in cash.

Once out of ''school,'' the trained dealers wait - sometimes for as long as a
year - for a dealership somewhere in the country to come up for sale. Some might
have been owned by the auto companies and shut down because they were losing
money. Others are inner-city or rural shops being sold by dealers who are buying
a better location.  Still others have been put up for sale by dealers who saw
the auto squeeze coming.

The Big Three pay for consultants to advise black dealers on cost- cutting,
advertising, marketing and increasing profits from service departments. But
black dealers say more practical help is needed.

''I don't need consultants at $ 500 a day,'' says Powell. ''I need $ 2,500 to
buy a full-page ad that'll bring me 10 new customers. That's the kind of help I
need.''

Ten years ago, Mel Farr got emergency help from the U.S. Small Business
Administration after Jesse Jackson took up the black auto dealers' cause. Farr's
dealership, which had filed for bankruptcy protection twice before he became a
partner, got a $ 200,000 loan. Today he has two profitable dealerships and in
July became the fifth black in the country to own a Toyota dealership. He's No.
19 on Black Enterprise magazine's list of the USA's 100 top black dealers. ''I'm
a prime example of what can happen when a lifeline is thrown out,'' he says.

For Rhonda Welburn, help had better come fast.

Her Buick dealership on Main Street in Royal Oak, Mich., is a one-brand
dealership in a cramped old building near the railroad tracks. On a recent
chilly day, Welburn pulled her jacket tightly over her shoulders and shivered.
The heater is broken and there isn't enough money to fix it. ''I'm like 90% of
the black dealers out there,'' she says. ''I got an unprofitable dealership with
a terrible reputation.''

Today she's barely hanging on. ''At first I sold 35 cars a month. Now I sell
less than 20 - in a good month. My service business has grown, but not sales. If
I could get both going at once, maybe ...'' she says, big tears rolling down her
cheeks. ''But I don't think GM is going to wait that long.''

TEXT OF GRAPHIC
Number of black dealerships
Company         1990  1989
General Motors   63   105
Ford             19   255
Chrysler          7   86
American Motors   1   NA(2)
Imports           8   19

Blacks own more dealerships(1), but many are losing money
1 - Fully or partly managed and /or owned
2 - AMC was sold to Chrysler in 1987
Source: National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  color, Source: National Association of Minority Automobile Dealers
(Chart); PHOTO; color, Ernie Leyba ( Judson Powell); PHOTO; color (Mel Farr)

CUTLINE: POWELL: His Ford-Lincoln Mercury dealership is 'so close, yet so far
away' from making money. CUTLINE: FARR: Detroit car dealer says black dealers
need a 'life preserver'.

TYPE: Cover Story

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              36 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Mineral Wells Index (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday

Area cattleman pleads guilty to fraud charge

BYLINE: Mineral Wells Index, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 610 words


May 21--DALLAS -- Weatherford resident Oscar Black, 58, former owner and
operator of OB Cattle, pleaded guilty Tuesday in federal court in Dallas to an
information charging one count of mail fraud, announced U.S. Attorney Richard B.
Roper of the Northern District of Texas.

Black faces a statutory maximum sentence of 20 years in prison, a $250,000 fine
and restitution. He is scheduled for sentencing by U.S. District Judge Sam A.
Lindsay on Sept. 2.

According to documents filed in court, Black offered investment opportunities to
his acquaintances and guaranteed investors a 12 percent annual rate of return.
Initially, Black deposited investors' money into a bank account, but he
eventually discovered that he couldn't deliver the guaranteed rate of return
without placing investors' money in riskier ventures.

Black began using investors' money to pay expenses and provide capital for OB
Cattle. A press release issued by the U.S. Attorney's office said Black was able
to meet his obligations to investors with profits from OB Cattle, but eventually
OB Cattle began losing money and he wasn't able to satisfy his financial
obligations to investors. He knew if he advised his investors that they were
losing money, they wouldn't invest any more money with him and would withdraw
their funds, reported officials.

To discourage them, Black falsely represented to them that their investments had
appreciated when, in fact, he had used their money to pay expenses for his
depreciating cattle business, OB Cattle. To further his scheme, Black even
fraudulently mailed investors fictitious monthly account statements that falsely
represented that their investments were appreciating. According to the press
release, all of Black's false promises, representations and omissions were
intended to deceive investors so that he could keep their money and to use it to
pay his business expenses.

Investigators were able to locate financial records substantiating claims made
by alleged victims in the case. At the time of the investigation, a spokesperson
with the Weatherford Police Department commented that the documents could lead
to several victims and "millions and millions of loss."

According to police, numerous boxes of financial records were seized and
preserved as potential evidence, including material from Howard Hinkle's Wichita
Falls tax accounting office. Law enforcement seized documentation relating to
First National Bank, Weatherford National Bank and The Bank from Black's office
at 200 Palo Pinto Street in Weatherford.

Documentation pertaining to the First National Bank of Santo was also seized
during the search, as well as material associated with Advantage One Realtors, a
real estate brokerage firm.

During the course of his scheme, Black made fraudulent material
misrepresentations to First National Bank of Weatherford and Wells Fargo Bank.
As a result, First National Bank of Weatherford sustained approximately
$590,016.03 in losses and Wells Fargo Bank sustained approximately $3 million in
losses. Black's investors lost a total of approximately $3,137,230.78.

U.S. Attorney Roper praised the investigative efforts of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. Assistant U.S. Attorney Jay S. Weimer is prosecuting the case.

To see more of the Mineral Wells Index or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mineralwellsindex.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Mineral Wells Index,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080521-XW-Area-cattleman-pleads-guilty-to-fraud-charge-0521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XW


                                 Copyright 2008


                              37 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 7, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

Black Firms Look To Keep Climbing;
Executives Urge New Approaches to Aid

Sandra Sugawara, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE B12

LENGTH: 942 words


Two decades ago, President Nixon launched a series of programs aimed at
promoting "black capitalism," declaring that "despite a long history of
frustration and lost potential, minority Americans want business ownership --
and they should."

Yesterday Black Enterprise magazine announced that in 1991, gross sales for the
200 largest black-owned companies in the United States totaled $ 7.9 billion.
That compares with $ 473 million in gross sales for the 100 biggest black-owned
businesses in 1973, the first year the list was compiled.

The list -- once dominated by small operations serving the black community, but
which has grown to include many larger, more diverse enterprises -- indicates
that progress has been made in black ownership of businesses. But other numbers
tell a less promising story. Although blacks represent about 12 percent of the
U.S. population, gross sales of all black-owned firms accounted for only 1
percent of the nation's gross receipts in 1987, according to the latest
available Census Bureau study.

The outbreak of violence in Los Angeles and other cities last week again raised
questions about the small number of black merchants and business executives who
benefit from dollars that are spent in those communities, as well as the lack of
funds going to rebuild urban areas and create new jobs.

Some of the nation's leading black business executives and economists said in
interviews that new, creative ways are needed to assist black-owned businesses,
and that government-run programs may not be the answer.

"Government programs are not designed to create entrepreneurial wealth. They are
largely income redistribution," said Robert L. Johnson, the Washington lawyer
and former cable TV industry lobbyist who started Black Entertainment Television
in 1979.  "What we need is wealth creation," he said, so there is enough capital
to create and grow businesses.

"The problem with a government program is that anybody who applies and qualifies
can get money," regardless of their innate business abilities, he said. "What
you have at the end of the day is [that] you've sent out $ 100,000 checks to
1,000 guys, and not one of them has enough to make a difference. Instead we
should be concentrating the money, giving it to the guys with the best and the
brightest ideas."

In hearings held around the country, the U.S. Commission on Minority Business
Development found that the biggest problem facing minority businesses was the
lack of access to investment money. The traditional sources of financing for
small companies -- banks, venture capitalists and wealthy investors -- generally
are not available.

Although the problem is one faced by most small businesses, the commission
concluded that obtaining money is even more difficult for minority entrepreneurs
who "are not members and can't meet the individual investor he or she needs at
'the club' or who must deal with a banker who has never dealt with a minority
individual in a social or business setting."

Edward D. Irons, dean of Clark Atlanta University's School of Business
Administration in Atlanta, proposed that black churches and successful black
businesses contribute to a national venture capital fund, run by professionals,
that would invest in black companies.

He envisions the federal government providing the seed money to get the
operation off the ground.

But Johnson said money must be raised outside the black community because it
does not yet have a sufficient concentration of wealth. He would like to see
President Bush call the executives of the major U.S. corporations and persuade
them to contribute to a $ 500 million fund that would be managed by a black
venture capitalist.

Reflecting on his own experiences, in which the nation's two largest cable
companies, Tele-Communications Inc. of Denver and Time Warner Inc. of New York,
invested in his company, Johnson said the arrangement would provide black
entrepreneurs with more than just money.

"They would have a godfather relationship," said Johnson. Because the corporate
investors could make a hefty profit if some of the companies performed well,
they would be likely to open doors to banks, vendors and others who otherwise
might not return the phone calls of a little-known business executive, he said.

Earl G. Graves, publisher of Black Enterprise magazine and chief executive of
Pepsi Cola of Washington, D.C., is less wary of federal programs.

He said the problem with such programs was that the Reagan and Bush
administrations slashed spending on them. "We're going to have to go back to the
Nixon-era kind of economic development that can make a difference in our
communities," said Graves.

The Nixon administration launched a multipronged attack, including technical
assistance, loans and loan guarantees, set-aside contracts for minority-owned
companies and programs to encourage the creation of venture capital groups
focused on minority companies. Many of the programs were criticized as
underfunded and poorly run, but others did help companies grow.

A Nixon administration effort to push franchise companies to develop black
franchises is credited with enabling more black business executives to own car
dealerships, gas stations and other franchises. Black Enterprise now has a
separate list of the top 100 auto dealers because of their burgeoning numbers.

In addition, the Washington area has a number of companies that got their start
through federal programs that contracts specifically for minority-owned firms.
But such programs have encountered strong court challenges.


Staff writer Albert B. Crenshaw contributed to this report.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, MAKING THE CUT, HARRY NALTCHAYAN; CHART

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              38 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 27, 1992, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

THE SUPREME COURT;
Ruling May Force Financing Changes at Colleges

BYLINE: By SUSAN CHIRA

SECTION: Section 1; Page 10; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 875 words


Public universities across the South could face sweeping changes as a result of
yesterday's Supreme Court ruling that Mississippi has not done enough to
eliminate racial segregation at its state-run colleges, legal experts and
university officials say.

The Court's decision leaves open the highly charged issue of the fate of
historically black colleges and universities. While civil rights groups hailed
yesterday's decision, some supporters of black institutions said they feared
that by encouraging integration, the ruling could rob the colleges of their
historic purpose.

Much as women's colleges say they can cater to the needs of their students,
predominantly black colleges and universities maintain that they offer their
students a more supportive environment and better training for leadership than
mixed-race institutions.

The Court's decision, its first on the issue of desegregation in higher
education, could force changes in financing, hiring, recruiting and admissions
policies at both predominantly white and historically black public universities
in at least 16 states that once had segregated higher education systems.

The Court did not spell out the steps states must take to eliminate segregation,
nor whether it was necessary to funnel more money to traditionally underfinanced
black universities, saying that lower courts must decide.

Civil rights groups and some representatives of historically black colleges
yesterday were elated that a Supreme Court with a conservative majority had
applied to higher education the principles of its 1954 landmark decision on
desegregation in elementary and secondary schools, Brown v. Board of Education
of Topeka. Legal experts predicted that yesterday's decision could unleash a
flood of lawsuits not only in the South but in Delaware, Maryland and
Pennsylvania, which also had segregated systems.

"This is a victory for America's black colleges, and for America," said William
H. Gray, president of the United Negro College Fund.

But to the dismay of some, the Court rejected the argument that historically
black institutions had a right to remain predominantly black and should simply
be given the same amount of money as predominantly white universities. Indeed,
because the Court suggested that one remedy might be eliminating the duplication
of programs that arose from the old dual system, some fear that black colleges
might be merged with white ones and lose their historic identity.

"I would have much preferred that the Supreme Court validated the existence and
mission of historically black colleges," said Robert Albright, president of
Johnson C. Smith University in Charlotte, N.C. "This may leave a loophole for
states interested in the demise of black colleges."

Mr. Albright offered as an example North Carolina moving a strong engineering
program from a black college to a white one, and a strong business program from
a white college to a black one. Blacks, he said, might move to the white
college, but he doubted that whites would willingly enroll in a black college.
Mr. Albright said he feared that enrollments at black colleges would ultimately
fall.

This debate is underway in Louisiana, where the state agreed 10 years ago to
desegregate its universities and wants to merge the governing boards and
operations of its two public university systems, which remain predominantly
white and predominantly black. The black colleges are fighting the merger;
yesterday's decision could weaken their case.

Others, however, say that the ruling will immeasurably strengthen black
colleges, which have usually received far less money than white ones and offered
fewer advanced research or graduate programs. They also said the decision would
allow more minority students to enter predominantly white colleges.

"What you ended up with in Mississippi was that all of the highest level
institutions are formerly white and all the black institutions get subsidiary
roles," said Norman Chachkin of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund.
"The Court clearly and unequivocally rejects the state's argument that they did
enough when they just took down the signs that said 'whites' and 'blacks.' "

The Supreme Court, for example, ruled that Mississippi's admissions policies
were discriminatory because they relied solely on standardized tests on which
whites students scored higher than blacks. By contrast the grades of white and
black students are similar.

Rectifying such discrimination in public universities could require states to
spend a great deal of money. In North Carolina, for example, the state
university system had to change admission policies, spend millions upgrading
run-down buildings, raise salaries at historically black universities to meet a
systemwide minimum, buy more library books, upgrade science laboratories and
take a number of other measures to insure that predominantly white and black
universities offered the same standard of education, said William Friday, the
former president of the University of North Carolina.

Charles Pickett, associate commissioner for academic affairs at Mississippi's
Institutions of Higher Learning, which oversees the state's public universities,
would not comment yesterday on the ruling.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Yesterday's Supreme Court decision leaves unresolved the fate of
historically black colleges and universities. Gina Pete, right, a graduate
assistant in the biology department at Jackson State University, demonstrated a
piece of equipment for Dara Hamilton, a freshman. (Hubert Worley for The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              39 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                March 06, 2000, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

How to build an empire

BYLINE: ERNEST HOOPER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1141 words



Charm (his) and ignorance (others') play roles in the tale of agent "Tank"
Black, accused of ripping off his clients.

When accusations of wrongdoing arose last summer against William "Tank" Black,
the agent boasted about the association he had with Bucs receiver Reidel
Anthony.

Black told a throng of reporters that the relationship he had with Anthony and
Anthony's father, Clarence, was a shining example of the goodwill his
Professional Management Inc. agency fosters with clients. He said he built the
relationship on trust, spending many days in South Bay, where Clarence is the
mayor.

Black, who was raised in rural east Tennessee, said he found it easy to fit in.

"I was so intent on wanting to sign Reidel," Black said. "Mr. Anthony said, "How
long are you going to be here?' I said, "Mr. Anthony, I don't know. I'm really
not planning on leaving until you can actually look at me and tell me you think
we're the best company for your son. I know we are without a doubt.' "

Now the boasting rings hollow. Anthony, along with three other former University
of Florida players Black represented, have left the agency amid investigations
of Black by the U.S. Attorney, the Securities and Exchange Commission, and the
NFL Players Association.

An indictment issued by a federal grand jury in Gainesville and a lawsuit the
commission filed in Tampa accuse Black of swindling his clients out of millions
of dollars in an investment scam. The players association has suspended Black
for three years, alleging that he tried to lure athletes into his fold with
inducements of cash and cars before their eligibility was up. The penalty
remains in arbitration.

Former Florida players Jevon Kearse, Johnny Rutledge and Reggie McGrew have said
they accepted cash and other gifts from Black while in school. The indictment of
Black alleged that ex-Gators Ike Hilliard, Fred Taylor and Jacquez Green also
did. Taylor has refused to comment. Green, a receiver for the Bucs, and Hilliard
have not been available.

Union president and former Gator Trace Armstrong likes to warn players searching
for agents, "If he'll cheat you to get you, he'll cheat you once he gets you."
In Black's case, federal officials say, those words were a prophecy.

"Being an NFL player lasts a short time, but your integrity and financial
security should last a lifetime," Armstrong said.

Black has pleaded innocent to charges of conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire
and bank fraud; conspiracy to commit money laundering, and criminal forfeiture.
But the investigation has eroded Black's ex-Gators clientele. Green signed with
Hadley Englehard last fall, and Hilliard and Taylor changed to Miami agent Drew
Rosenhaus last week. Clarence Anthony has confirmed his son is no longer a Black
client; Reidel has yet to choose a new representative.

Clarence Anthony said Tuesday neither he nor his son would comment on the
investigation, but in testimony given to Securities and Exchange Commission
investigators, it was clear the Anthonys had a high degree of faith in Black.
Court documents help paint the picture of how Black gained such a lofty status
in his clients' lives.

"I trusted Tank with my most valuable resource, and that was my son," Clarence
Anthony told  the investigators.

Reidel Anthony's income proved to be a valuable resource for Black, according to
the commission suit. In September 1997, a few months after Reidel was drafted,
Black approached Clarence about buying shares in Black Americans of Achievement.
The company was manufacturing a board game about black Americans, and Black
enticed Clarence with a list of people to be involved, including the Rev. Jesse
Jackson.

"(Black) just felt that this investment was so solid that he would personally
guarantee Reidel would not have a loss at all in this stock," Clarence told
investigators.

The suit alleges that Black convinced the company to put free shares of stock in
the name of his clients in exchange for endorsements from the athletes. Then he
took control of those shares and charged his clients for them, with prices
ranging from 50 cents to $ 1. The stock's value, however, fluctuated between 4
cents and 28 cents, according to court records.

Black eventually refunded money to his clients but not before nearly all of the
$ 1.24-million gathered from them sat in his personal account gathering
interest.

Court records say Black's second investment scheme was more elaborate. He had
Reidel Anthony and other clients put millions into promissory notes related to
Cash 4 Titles, a company that offers short-term, high-interest loans secured
with car titles as collateral.

On Nov. 30, 1997, Black and Clarence Anthony attended the Bucs-Giants game to
see Reidel play against Hilliard, who had been drafted by New York. Over
breakfast before the game at the hotel where the Bucs were staying, Black
introduced Clarence to Cash 4 Titles.

Clarence, who worked to put himself through school and became a director of
marketing and business development for a South Bay engineering firm, was not
naive about finances. When Black suggested putting money in the company, he was
hesitant.

But Black persuaded him, according to court records, with a 24-page fax he had
sent to the hotel that included letters from South Carolina state agencies
allowing Cash 4 Titles to do business.

Black also told Clarence he had invested in the company. "Tank was a successful
business person, and in our mind, if Tank would make such a good investment, it
would be a good investment for us," Clarence told investigators.

Anthony, along with other agency clients, received a monthly return of 1.67
percent on their investment, but they could have received 3 percent. The
commission alleges that Black and agency general counsel James Franklin
concealed from clients that they were keeping 1.33 percent for themselves. The
suit estimates that Black and Franklin skimmed more than $ 2.8-million from
their clients.

Along with his folksy ways, Black also gained the trust of his clients because
of their inexperience in handling money. He controlled their money through joint
bank accounts in which he and other agency employees had signature authority.
The accounts were used to pay bills, but Black often took money from them and
invested it in Cash 4 Titles, sometimes without telling his clients.

He invested slightly more than $ 1-million of Reidel Anthony's money and the
signing bonuses of Green and Taylor. Green's bonus totaled nearly $ 500,000, and
he told commission officials he never gave Black permission to invest his money.
Taylor's bonus was $ 3.6-million after taxes.

"I'm a prime example of what can go wrong," Taylor told the Miami Herald."I can
talk to anybody about that. I ought to give seminars."

- Times researcher John Martin contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Tank Black; Black Americans of
Achievement is a board game investigators say played a role in one of William
Black's investment scams.

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              40 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   June 7, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Opting Out Of The Boom;
Why More Blacks Don't Invest

BYLINE: By Glenn C. Loury;  Glenn C. Loury is a professor of economics and
director of the Institute on Race and Social Division at Boston University.

SECTION: Section 6; Page 70; Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 1297 words


The greatest bull market to hit wall street since the 1920's has everybody
talking about money these days. Such talk puts me in mind of my late and beloved
uncle, patriarch of the extended household where I grew up in the 1950's and
1960's on Chicago's South Side. Uncle Moonie, whose large round eyes protruded
like half-moons beneath his often-furrowed brow, spent most of his waking hours
worrying about money: how to get it and, if truth be told, how to stop his wife
from spending it. A tenacious businessman, he achieved what for his generation
of blacks was an impressive degree of financial security.

But as a child of the Depression and a veteran of the pre-civil-rights racial
climate, my uncle had some rather peculiar ideas about investing. Year after
year, he stuffed the accumulated profits from his small business into dozens of
old fruit-juice cans, kept under lock and key in his bedroom closet. Once, when
I questioned this strategy, he informed me flatly that he didn't "believe in"
banks, nor in the "white folks" who ran them. Luckily, fortune smiled on our
family. No burglar or fire ever found those precious cans. But then, neither did
the fruit of Uncle Moonie's labors ever find its way into the financial
mainstream.

My uncle's alienation reflected the racially segregated economy of his day. But
the effects of that bygone era continue to distort the economic experience of
blacks. For example, among a sample of households polled by the Survey Research
Center at the University of Michigan, only 14 percent of blacks owned some
stocks or mutual fund shares in 1994, the most recent year for which data are
available. The overall rate was 41 percent. Another striking finding: More than
half of black households had no balances in either a checking or a savings
account, compared with just one-sixth of other households.

My uncle Moonie was not big on racial integration. I can remember him back in
the 1960's, saying: "I don't give a damn about living next to those white folks.
You call me when they start talking about integrating the money!" Well, here we
are, some 30 years down the road, and that conversation has yet to begin. Some
writers, inclined to minimize the problem of racial inequality in America, are
quick to stress that the income gap between blacks and whites has narrowed over
the past generation. Stephan and Abigail Thernstrom, authors of "America in
Black and White," have made much of the fact that married black couples outside
of the South are now at about 90 percent of income parity with comparable
whites.

But the wealth gap between the races tells another story altogether. In the
Michigan survey, only 4 percent of blacks -- compared with 25 percent of
nonblacks -- were worth $170,000 or more. Indeed, half of black families had a
net worth below $8,400, while the median for other families was over $63,000.
What this means is that while most blacks would have trouble paying cash for a
used car, most whites could afford to purchase a new car outright, help a child
with the down payment on a first home and still have funds left over.

With blacks having so little disposable income to invest, it is no wonder that
they are scarce among equity holders. But their absence from the market has
profound implications. For decades to come, wealth created by growing stock
values will be sending children to elite colleges, underwriting small-business
start-ups and securing a comfortable retirement for American families. And yet,
even the newly emergent black middle class is missing out.

How, then, are blacks choosing to manage their money? A 1998 Yankelovich survey
probed the investment habits of 1,232 black and white households with annual
incomes of $50,000 or higher. The survey found that blacks considered real
estate to be the best overall investment

vehicle, while whites chose stocks. Moreover, high-income blacks put a larger
percentage of their retirement savings in life insurance, a notoriously
low-return investment, than whites did. And they were more likely than whites to
express doubts about whether they could trust a financial adviser.

What could account for this psychological gap? Marcus Alexis, an economics
professor at Northwestern University and a former chairman of the Federal
Reserve Bank of Chicago, noted: "For the vast majority of high-income black
families, this current generation is the first to have any real money to invest.
Many of them are, perhaps understandably, averse to taking risks."

Alexis also stressed that factors of history and sociology gave blacks more
familiarity with -- and easier access to -- certain relatively low-yield
investment vehicles. "The selling of whole life-insurance policies in black
communities was done heavily by black agents," he said. "There was a time when
this was the best job many talented blacks could aspire to. They went first to
their relatives and friends. Something like one-third of the premium in the
first couple of years would accrue as commission to the agents."

This affection for insurance drives John Rogers, the founder and president of
Ariel Capital Management, to distraction. Twelve years ago at Ariel, Rogers
started the first black-managed mutual fund in the nation. Reached in his
Chicago offices recently, he talked excitedly about "the huge, untapped market
for investment services" among the 1.1 million black households with an annual
income of $50,000 or more. Ariel has recently joined forces with the brokerage
firm Charles Schwab, holding educational seminars aimed primarily at black
audiences in a dozen cities across the country. The seminars are drawing
enthusiastic crowds. This is a rather different approach than sending someone's
brother-in-law around to hawk a garden-variety life-insurance policy.

My own conversations with black professionals suggest that such efforts are much
needed because, even among well-educated people with high incomes, many blacks
lack knowledge of (or confidence in) today's variegated financial instruments.
One man, who covers the information-technology beat for a major newspaper,
seemed embarrassed to admit that he does not know the rate of interest being
paid on the funds he routinely deposits each month in a passbook. "I haven't
invested in stocks or mutual funds, even though I know I should," he said.
"Partly, I'm suspicious of the market, and wonder if I'd lose my pitifully small
stake. Then again, I think to myself, I don't have enough money to make it
worthwhile. I know this probably isn't true, but there you are."

A somewhat different story was told by a couple, both with advanced degrees, who
work for major nonprofit institutions. With a net worth over $300,000, they are
wealthier than 99 percent of black families. The husband holds a $150,000
cash-value life-insurance policy sold to him by a childhood friend. Until five
years ago, he invested virtually nothing in the market. After attending a
financial seminar sponsored by his employer, he began making the maximum
contribution to his 401(k). That's it, however. "By the time we finish giving to
financially needy people in our respective families, there's not a lot left to
invest," he said.

Ultimately, investing one's money means drawing on social, as well as financial,
capital. It requires the investor to be conversant with and -- what Uncle Moonie
could never do -- to "believe in" the institutions of modern finance: the
trading accounts, margin calls, the no-load mutual funds. These institutions now
constitute part of the decision-making apparatus of everyday life. Familiarity
with them is requisite to full participation in our society. Until this happens,
blacks will remain outside the warp and woof of American life. It's time to
integrate the money.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: (Photograph by Terrence Miele for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              41 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 28, 1992, Tuesday

Black consumers should put money back into own community

BYLINE: B.A. DAVIS College Parkblacks; consumer; economy; development; business

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 9

LENGTH: 211 words


The Editors: According to reports, approximately $ 360 billion filters through
the black community each year. That is a lot of money.

We black people spend more and spend it faster than most people today, which
raises the question: Why are we still economically deprived? It cannot be
because there isn't enough money.

Perhaps the answer lies in the way we consume or spend money. Investing the
money back into our own businesses, strictly buying "black," is what we ought to
do. Then we can start being victors instead of victims of this recession and
stop being excluded from economic growth.

Today, the "take no prisoners" attitude is the most vigorous strategy. Take a
look, for instance, at the Japanese. They don't compete among themselves
socially or politically. It makes them economically strong.

Economic strength is the key fact. The Japanese, Koreans and Vietnamese have
moved into our neighborhoods and are selling black products to us. The result is
that we are big spenders and other people capitalize on this and get rich off of
us.

If we black consumers and entrepreneurs keep the money flowing among us, we can
sell to our own and build more black businesses, making black people
economically strong.

Take time to think about that.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922170221

GRAPHIC: photo: B.A. Davis

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              42 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 8, 2000 Saturday 1ST EDITION

LONE STAR Black calf roper rises to top of white-led sport

BYLINE: By Trent Seibert, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E-01

LENGTH: 765 words


Reigning cowboy champion Fred Whitfield sits taller and broader  on his horse
than most of his opponents. In comparison, they seem  as thin as a Nebraska
cornstalk or a shaft of Kansas wheat.

Whitfield is from Texas and was the lone star in the crowd of  cowboys gathered
at the Denver Coliseum on Thursday to compete in  a rodeo competition.

In a sport almost completely dominated by Caucasians, the  32-year-old calf
roper is the first black man to lasso the world  Professional Rodeo Cowboy
Association's all-around title.

'I don't try to focus on that,' Whitfield said, leaning his  215-pound frame on
the red guardrail that circles the Coliseum's  arena. 'But it's there no matter
what you do.'

When asked if there is jealousy among competitors that a  black man won the top
title in 1999, he responded by raising an  eyebrow.

'What do you think?' he asked, a statement more than a  question.

But that doesn't include everyone, he's quick to point out.

Many cowboys, especially newcomers, look to Whitfield as a  hero.

Since he started the professional circuit in 1990, Whitfield  has won four
calf-roping crowns and has earned more than $ 1.5  million in prize money. He's
thought by many to be the best calf  roper there ever was.

'He's like a champion'

'What's he like? He's like a champion,' said Wade Borden, a  25-year-old cowboy
from Aurora who is making his first try at  prize money this year.

Even some legends look up to Whitfield.

'I'm a fan,' said Charles Sampson, a 20-year veteran of  bullriding who won the
world bullriding championship in 1982.  'He's a phenomenal athlete in our own
time.'

Sampson also understands some of what Whitfield is going  through. Sampson is
black, too, and was the first black man to win  a Professional Rodeo Cowboy
Association title. And when Sampson  was leaping leather, there were far fewer
black cowboys.

Sampson, who lives in Aurora, had brought his family to the  Coliseum to watch
Whitfield.

'This is what makes rodeo great,' Sampson said, pointing the  dirt-covered
arena. 'It doesn't matter your color, your height,  your weight, or who has got
the most money.

'What matters is who is best.'

Still, it shouldn't be a surprise to anyone that Whitfield is  the best, Sampson
explained. As many as a third of the cowboys in  the American West were black,
he said. Many blacks kept out of  jobs in the East gathered their families and
headed west.

'There have always been black cowboys,' he said. 'Who were  most of the ranch
hands? Black cowboys. Who broke the horses?  Black cowboys.'

Whitfield's championship status isn't really a first, Sampson  said.

'It's history repeating itself.'

But the color of a man's skin isn't the most important thing  to Whitfield.

It's the color of money.

'I want to break records and win as much money as I can,'  Whitfield said. 'No
matter what the circumstances are, I'm a  competitor first.'

'He just stays focused'

That's what his fans seem to like most about him - and what  his opponents seem
to like least.

'A lot of people don't get along with him,' said rodeo fan Ron  Mildenberger of
La Salle. 'It's not that he's a snob. He just  stays focused.'

Whitfield acknowledges that some cowboys view him as distant  or unfriendly. He
also admits he likes to win more than he likes  getting along with other
cowboys.

That's probably why he points to boxing great Muhammad Ali as  a hero .

'He was good at what he did,' Whitfield said. 'He told you he  was going to beat
you and he lived up to his promise.'

That confidence showed as Whitfield rode into the arena  Thursday on a
cinnamon-colored horse named Gator.

Wearing an ivory cowboy hat and boots just a shade darker  than the deep orange
dirt that covered the arena floor, he rode  ramrod straight, his hands adjusting
his lasso.

Nearly every other cowboy was wearing a plaid button-down  shirt. Whitfield had
donned a gray pin-stripe that morning.

Off his horse, he walks just as tall as if he were in a saddle.

He's rugged and moseys with a swagger. He's got movie-star  looks and sports a
Clark Gable mustache.

He's even cowboy tough. A scar from a long-ago knife fight  runs across his left
cheek like a gorge.

'He's very, very smooth,' said retired veterinarian Don Hyde  of Keenesburg, who
came to watch the rodeo.

Whitfield predicted that this year will be even smoother.

'I don't have anything left to prove as far as rodeo is  concerned,' he said.


LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Denver Post/Brian Brainerd Rodeo champion Fred Whitfield
reflects on his success during some free time at the National Western Stock Show
and Rodeo on Thursday. Fred Whitfield, the world Professional Rodeo Cowboy
Association's all-around champion, warms up before competing in the calf-roping
event at the National Western Stock Show and Rodeo on Thursday.

TYPE: SPECIAL SECTION

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Rhode Island: Pawtucket Man Sentenced for Multiple Robberies and Home Invasion

LENGTH: 835  words

DATELINE: Providence


Department of the Attorney General, The State of Rhode Island has issued the
following news release:

Attorney General Peter F. Kilmartin announced that Brendon LeBlanc, age 38, of
23 Byron Street, Pawtucket, pled nolo contendere to six counts of first degree
robbery and was sentenced to 40 years with 18 to serve and the remainder
suspended with probation. In addition, LeBlanc pled nolo contendere to one count
of forgery and counterfeiting and received a sentence of 10 years suspended with
probation, to run concurrent to the sentence for the first degree robberies.
Superior Court Justice Jeffrey A. Lanphear also ordered LeBlanc have no contact
with the victims and pay full restitution in the amount of $2,990.

Had the case proceeded to trial, the State was prepared to prove that LeBlanc
robbed multiple stores at gunpoint in Pawtucket in December 2012, as well as
robbing two individuals in a home invasion, also at gunpoint.

At approximately 7:00 p.m. on December 7, 2012, LeBlanc entered the Dots Fashion
Store, located at 693 Beverage Hill Road in Pawtucket, wearing a red jacket with
is face mostly covered, pulled out what appeared to be a firearm and ordered the
clerk to give him the money in the cash register drawer. The clerk complied and
handed LeBlanc approximately $60.

At approximately 8:30 p.m. on December 13, 2012, LeBlanc entered the Town Mart,
located on Newport Ave. in Pawtucket, wearing a black ski mask, black hooded
sweatshirt and black gloves, pulled out what appeared to be a firearm and
ordered the clerk to give him the money in the cash register. The clerk complied
and handed LeBlanc approximately $200.

On December 18, 2012, at approximately 3:30 p.m., LeBlanc entered the Metro PCS
store located on Pawtucket Ave. in Pawtucket, wearing a black ski mask, black
hooded sweatshirt and black gloves, pulled out what appeared to be a firearm and
ordered the clerk to give him the money in the register. The clerk complied and
handed LeBlanc approximately $55. After LeBlanc fled the store, the clerk went
outside and witnessed LeBlanc jump into the passenger side of a small black
two-seat truck.

On December 26, 2012, LeBlanc and two other individuals, all wearing masks and
in possession of out what appeared to be a firearm, entered a home located on
Poirier Street in Pawtucket, demanded the two residents give them money, which
was approximately $4,000. After taking the money, the three individuals fled on
foot.

On December 31, 2012, at approximately 8:50 p.m., LeBlanc entered the Gulf
Express, located on East Ave. in Pawtucket, wearing a black ski mask, black
hooded sweatshirt and black gloves, pulled out what appeared to be a firearm and
demanded the clerk give him the money from the cash register. The clerk complied
and handed LeBlanc approximately $200.

On January 1, 2013, at approximately 8:20 p.m., LeBlanc entered the Bestway Food
Store, located on Newport Ave. in Pawtucket, wearing a black ski mask, black
hooded sweatshirt and black gloves, pulled out what appeared to be a firearm and
demanded the clerk give him the money in the register. The clerk complied and
handed LeBlanc approximately $400.

As Pawtucket Police were investigating the rash of robberies, detectives
developed Robert Messier and Brendon LeBlanc as the two suspects. On January 3,
2013, while conducting surveillance in the area of Woodside Street when they
observed the two suspects together drive to a parking lot and get into a small
black two-seat truck fitting the description given by one of the victims.

Police stopped the motor vehicle on Central Avenue. During the traffic stop,
police observed a black ski mask and numerous pairs of gloves on the floor of
the truck. The individuals were identified as Robert Messier, age 35 of 35
Woodside Ave., Pawtucket, and Brendon LeBlanc.

While at the police station, LeBlanc confessed to his role in the robberies.
During a search of Messier's home, detectives seized a black BB gun and clothing
seen on surveillance video of several of the robberies.

At the time of his arrest, LeBlanc was on bail for forgery and counterfeiting in
an unrelated case.

In March 2014, Messier pled nolo contendere before Justice Lanphear to two
counts of robbery and two counts of conspiracy to commit robbery. He was
sentenced to 10 years with 42 months to serve and the remainder suspended with
probation.

"Armed with a gun, this defendant went on a robbery spree thinking of nothing
but how to get money, leaving a swath of innocent victims in his path," said
Attorney General Kilmartin. "I commend the good work by the Pawtucket Police in
developing the suspects, following up on leads and putting and arresting the
suspects before anyone was seriously injured."

Pawtucket Detectives Donti Rosciti and David Silva led the investigation.
Assistant Attorney General Stephen Regine prosecuted the case on behalf of the
Office of Attorney General.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 11, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Florio's Defeat Revives Memories of G.O.P. Activities in 1981

BYLINE: By JOSEPH F. SULLIVAN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 767 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Nov. 10


For the second time in a little more than a decade, Gov. Jim Florio has lost
close races for governor in elections that produced charges that Republicans
went to extraordinary lengths to keep black voters away from the polls.

Edward J. Rollins, Christine Todd Whitman's campaign manager, set off the latest
flap on Tuesday when he said that the Republican campaign set aside about
$500,000 to provide gifts to black ministers who would agree not to urge members
of their congregation to vote for Mr. Florio on Nov. 2 and to pay Democratic
workers to stay home.

Mrs. Whitman today denied any such activities took place. And Mr. Rollins called
his statements "an exaggeration that turned out to be inaccurate."

In the 1981 race for governor, Mr. Florio lost by 1,797 votes to Thomas H. Kean,
who went on to serve two terms. In that election, attention focused on the
activities of a Ballot Security Task Force created by the state and national
Republican organizations to patrol urban voting precincts, carrying signs
warning that vote fraud could lead to prison. The task force included off-duty
police officers who carried weapons in plain sight.

George L. Schneider, who was then the Essex County Prosecutor, investigated the
task force and found its activities "intentionally misleading" but found nothing
more than "technical" violations of state law and decided not to prosecute.

That year Mr. Florio charged that the Republicans had made "a conscious effort
to intimidate" Democratic voters. Richard Richards, who was then the national
Republican chairman, said that without the task force the Democrats would have
"stolen" the New Jersey election.

Legalities and Reputation

Editorial writers said the task force activities had "tainted" Mr. Kean's win
and urged him to clear the air. The Republican Governor-elect said he knew
nothing of the activities of the task force and said his campaign lawyers were
interested only in insuring that "legalities are being followed."

"New Jersey doesn't have a great past reputation for elections," he said in an
interview with The New York Times in 1981.

The former Governor's remarks resonated this week when Mr. Rollins said, "That's
the way the game is played in New Jersey," as he spoke of using money to
suppress the black vote.

Today Mr. Florio said Mr. Rollins is wrong. "That is not correct and it's
obscene to say it is," he said.

In 1981 the Democratic National Committee went to Federal court in Newark and
won an agreement from the Republican National Committee to "refrain from
undertaking any ballot security activities . . . in polling places or elections
where the racial composure of such districts is a factor."

State Senator Raymond G. Lesniak, the current New Jersey Democratic chairman,
today went back to the judge in the 1981 case, Dickinson R. Debevoise, for
permission to dig further into the Republican campaign's use of campaign funds.

Frederick M. Herrmann, executive director of the State Election Law Enforcement
Commission, said today that the commission had no power to pass judgment on how
campaign funds are used. "Our jurisdiction is disclosure, and it stops once the
disbursement of the money is disclosed," Mr. Herrmann said. "If someone has a
problem with the way the money was spent, there are other agencies that they can
go to with a complaint."

Privately Raised Money

Mr. Herrmann also said that campaigns can make charitable contributions to
organizations recognized by the Internal Revenue Service and can pay out street
money to workers on Election Day.

But the money cannot come from public matching campaign funds, he said, and must
be paid out of money raised privately by the candidates. The Florio and Whitman
campaigns each raised about $2 million to qualify for $3.9 million in public
funds. When disbursing campaign funds, the campaigns must report everyone who
receives as little as $25, he said.

Even if Mr. Rollins's second version of events turns out to be the most
accurate, and money was not given to black ministers, there were other facets to
the Republicans' strategy to hold down the black vote. The party in Essex County
fielded no opposition to the two black State Senators and two black Assemblymen
who represent the Newark area -- a tactic that Mayor Sharpe James of Newark
asserted was intended to encourage black voters "to go to sleep and go to bed."

He also said the Democratic Party did little this year to energize black voters.
"The words 'urban, Afro-American and disadvantaged' disappeared from the
campaign literature this year," he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              45 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 28, 1984, Tuesday, Final Edition

'Black Money'

BYLINE: Elizabeth Kastor

SECTION: Style; Style Plus; C5

LENGTH: 338 words


"We're calling it Black Money to say, 'Hey, this is for you,' " says Theodore
Daniels about the Washington-based monthly newsletter he started 14 months ago.

"I don't think there is a continuous flow of financial information to the black
community. In magazines like Jet and Ebony you always hear about the social
issues, but never about the financial side."

Pointing out that only 1 percent of stock market investors are black, Daniels
believes "We can change that, if we let them know how the system works. We're
trying to erase the fear.

"Most magazines would assume a certain level of knowledge exists already. We're
operating on a 'how-to-do-it' basis . . .  When we bring up a new term, we
define it in the same paragraph."

Recent articles in the eight-page newsletter have covered subjects like defining
financial goals, choosing life insurance and qualifying for tax write-offs by
rehabilitating a certified, black history-related historical site. A regular
feature is "Parent/Child Talk," which suggests ways to discuss subjects like
savings and budgeting.

"That section," says Daniels, 38, a government financial analyst, "is to get
parents started talking about money with their young children so that when they
become adults it's nothing new to them.

"You have many people who think that they need to have a lot of money before
they can start thinking about investment strategy. We're telling them to learn
about financial management early, so if you get it you know what to do with it."

Daniels also hopes his newsletter, which has a circulation of 2,000, will
encourage blacks to funnel their money back into the black economic community.
"You hear about the size of the black economic community being $150 billion, but
you never hear about the wealth made in the black community being spent in the
black community. We want to see if we can encourage people to patronize black
businesses."

For more information: Black Money, P.O. Box 23558, Washington, D.C., 20024.
One-year subscription $24.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              46 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 27, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

$12M plan will rebuild churches, attack arson

BYLINE: Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 331 words


The Congress of National Black Churches, with the help of a private
charity, launches a three-year, $ 12 million plan today to rebuild
burned churches and prevent arson.

Half the money for the program comes from the Lilly Endowment,
one of the nation's largest private foundations. The Congress
of National Black Churches will administer the funds, which will
help rebuild black churches as well as some white churches hit
by arson.

Part of the money will be used to bring people of different races
together, in forums and other settings, particularly in communities
where the attacks on black churches were motivated by hatred.

The Indianapolis-based Lilly Endowment, founded in 1937 with pharmaceutical
company stock donated by members of the Lilly family, is the nation's
largest provider of grants for religion-related research, education
and other projects.

Bishop John Hurst Adams, founder and chairman emeritus of the
black church group, says the rest of the $ 12 million it plans
to spend will come from investments, fund-raising and donated
materials and services to burned churches.

A federal task force has investigated at least 331 church arsons,
bombings and attempted bombings since January 1995. The victims
include at least 164 white churches, 136 black churches and nine
synagogues.

USA TODAY reported last summer that there was no evidence of a
large racial conspiracy to burn black churches, although there
were cases of racially motivated burnings.

National groups have raised about $ 10 million to help rebuild
churches, in addition to local fund drives and donations of labor
and materials.

The initiative will be implemented in 13 Southern states, where
50 churches will be rebuilt. Churches that take the money must
agree to two conditions: They have to protect themselves against
arson through construction techniques and prevention training,
and they must participate in racial reconciliation efforts.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              47 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Financial Express (Bangladesh)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

Black economy and black money

LENGTH: 815 words

DATELINE: Bangladesh


Bangladesh, July 27 -- M. A. Taslim

Soon after presenting the national budget for fiscal 2011-12 in the parliament
where black money whitening was on the card, the Minister of Finance revealed a
startling finding from a little-known study that between 48 to 82 per cent of
the gross domestic product (GDP) of Bangladesh is derived from black economy.
Despite the very large range of uncertainty of the estimate, it was widely
reported in the news media. The Minister had the difficult task of justifying
(or at the least making it appear benign) the legalisation of black money
through investment in the stock market at modest cost, a course of fiscal action
that he had publicly repudiated on several occasions in the past.

If more than four-fifths of the economy is actually black economy, then
presumably the black money holders are not really as bad a group of people as
they are made out to be; they are more like the average person of the society
and it would not be fair to single them out! The cue was picked up by the
holders of black money and their allies to argue even more vigorously for the
opportunity of whitening black money. They were not disappointed.

The statement of the Minister gave the impression that black money and black
economy are the two sides of the same coin, even though that might not have been
his intention. However, he did not clarify, nor did anybody else, that black
money and black economy are not quite the same thing in Bangladesh. The
confusion could be in part due to the unwitting application of western concepts
to the Bangladesh economy, a practice that is regrettably widespread.

This writer could not find the study, nor could he find anyone who has seen it.
It has not been put up in the Ministry's website. Assuming that the author(s) of
the study did not invent a new definition, one could follow the standard
definition of black economy to examine what might be implied by the finding.
Black economy, variously called the underground economy, shadow economy,
parallel economy etc., refers to economic activities that are not reported to
the taxman or the statistical office.

Some authors make a difference among these terms. For example, shadow or
parallel economy may include only unreported legal transactions, while black or
underground economy includes all unreported transactions. Since these
transactions are not reported or recorded, they do not show up in the national
income accounts.

It may be mentioned that 'the income approach' of estimating national income,
i.e. national income estimates derived by adding up the incomes of individual
economic agents, is a reliable method of estimation in developed countries such
as the USA. Hence, the extent of the black economy is a rough measure of the
amount by which the national income is underestimated in official national
accounts.

The sway of the black economy is believed to range under 15 per cent of GDP in
the most developed countries, but increases dramatically for the poorer
countries. Black economy contributing more than three-quarters of the GDP in
such countries is not unknown. Hence, it would seem that the extent of the black
economy in Bangladesh suggested by the study is not outlandish if the standard
definition of the term is accepted.

As indicated earlier, black economy activities could be either legal or illegal.
All incomes, even when below the tax threshold level, have to be reported (and
hence recorded) in developed countries such as the USA. Since black economy
transactions are not reported, these give rise to illegal incomes or black
money. Legal actions could be taken if the existence of such money is detected.
In this case, these two terms are indeed two sides of the same coin.

In contrast to the practice in developed countries, the people of Bangladesh are
not required to submit tax returns if their incomes are below the threshold
level (except under certain circumstances). The threshold level of income this
year is Tk 180,000. For farmers this is raised by an additional Tk 50,000.

Since only a fraction of the population have incomes in excess of these amounts
(only seven to eight hundred thousand people pay income tax), a large part of
the national income is exempted from reporting. Consequently, unreported incomes
could amount to a large fraction of the GDP, but importantly these are not
necessarily illegal. Unlike in some developed countries, all unreported incomes
are not black money in Bangladesh.

(More of this economic analysis is accommodated in Page-6 as a separate item.
The writer, Dr. M. A. Taslim, is a professor of the Department of Economics,
University of Dhaka. He may be reached at e-mail: m_a_taslim@yahoo.com)
Published by HT Syndication with permission from The Financial Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Financial Express
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Conrad Black's convictions will stand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A32

LENGTH: 413 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Conrad Black has lost a bid to have his remaining convictions dismissed on the
basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the former media baron from
hiring the defence lawyers he wanted.

The filing, made last year in a U.S. district court in Chicago, centred around
claims that law enforcement's seizure of $9 million of proceeds from the sale of
his New York apartment left Black without enough money to retain lawyers Brendan
Sullivan and Gregory Craig, who both worked at Williams & Connolly LLP in
Washington.

Black purchased the apartment from his company Hollinger in 2000 for $3 million
US and later sold for $9 million. His lawyers argued that prosecutors deceived
the court to obtain two warrants to seize the assets by concealing information
that would have undermined their case for taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for $9 million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale wasn't
available to Black, his lawyers argued that denied him his right to counsel.

Black said that without the money he couldn't afford the services of the two
high-profile lawyers. On Tuesday, Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge
who presided over Black's initial fraud charges, denied the motion.

"It is worth noting that this case was hotly litigated from the beginning," Eve
said in her decision. "During the course of the pretrial proceedings and the
trial, (Black) never informed the court that he was not represented by his
counsel of choice."

The filing accused prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims that Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a purchase
price of $3 million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had paid for it
initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Black, who was released from prison last May, would have been cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his motion was successful.

The initial filing stated that while it was too late to "turn back the clock"
and allow Black access to his chosen lawyers, it was not too late to overturn
his convictions.

Black served 37 months of a 42-month sentence in a Florida prison and returned
to Canada last year under a special temporary permit given that he is no longer
a citizen.

In a highly-publicized battle in 2001, he renounced his Canadian citizenship so
he could accept a peerage in the British House of Lords.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                National Edition

Conrad Black loses bid to dismiss convictions; Argued that he was denied funds
to hire lawyers

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 269 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO . Conrad Black has lost a bid to have his remaining convictions
dismissed on the basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the former
media baron from hiring the defence lawyers he wanted.

The filing, made last year in a U.S. district court in Chicago, centred around
claims that law enforcement's seizure of US$9-million of proceeds from the sale
of his New York apartment left Mr. Black without enough money to retain lawyers
Brendan Sullivan and Gregory Craig, who both worked at Williams & Connolly LLP
in Washington.

Mr. Black purchased the apartment from his company Hollinger International in
2000 for US$3-million and later sold it for US$9-million. His lawyers argued
that prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two warrants to seize the assets
by concealing information that would have undermined their case for taking the
money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling with the intent of paying
for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper conduct at Hollinger.
Because the money from the sale wasn't available to Mr. Black, his lawyers
argued that denied him his right to counsel.

Mr. Black said that without the money he couldn't afford the services of the two
high-profile lawyers. On Tuesday, Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge
who presided over Black's initial fraud charges, denied the motion.

"It is worth noting that this case was hotly litigated from the beginning," Ms.
St. Eve said in her decision.

"During the course of the pretrial proceedings and the trial, [Black] never
informed the court that he was not represented by his counsel of choice."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               May 08, 2002, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Agent is sentenced to more prison time

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 421 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



Agent William "Tank" Black was sentenced to five years in federal prison Tuesday
for swindling up to $ 12-million from 14 athletes he represented.

Black, 45, was convicted of defrauding former Bucs receiver Reidel Anthony,
Jaguars running back Fred Taylor, Giants receiver Ike Hilliard, former player
Robert Brooks and others.

The five years was the maximum Black faced.

U.S. District Judge Stephan Mickle made Black's sentence consecutive to the six
years, 10 months he received last summer in Detroit when he pleaded guilty in
federal court to laundering $ 1.1-million in drug money.

Mickle also ordered Black to pay $ 12,228,077 in restitution to the players,
although he has no money.

The judge said many of the players who testified said he was a father figure and
they had "trusted their lives and their families' lives" to him.

Black, in a sobbing statement, blamed it on investments in a car title loan
company, Cash 4 Titles. It was later shut down by the Securities and Exchange
Commission as an illegal pyramid scheme.

"Had I known Cash 4 Titles was not legitimate, I would have never asked my
players and my friends to invest in it," Black said.

When he learned about the company, Black said: "It was the worst thing that ever
happened to me."

Black's attorney, Jon Uman, who plans to appeal the conviction and sentence,
urged leniency: "Mr. Black is shut down. He will never be a sports agent again.
It will be a long time before he makes a living again."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Jerry Sanford, who plans to prosecute Black again in
October on a money laundering charge, urged the judge to make the sentence
consecutive: "The man has no integrity. The man has no honor."

Uman has filed a challenge with the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals for the
money laundering charge, arguing it is double jeopardy with the Michigan
conviction.

Mickle set an Oct. 21 trial date for Black and co-defendant Linda Wilson on that
charge, if the 11th rules the charge was proper. The appeals court already has
ruled against Wilson on the same grounds.

Wilson, 45, who was convicted with Black on Jan. 31, also was sentenced to five
years in prison on conspiracy to commit mail fraud and obstruction of justice.
It will be concurrent to a 42-month sentence in the Detroit case.

The Jaguars' Taylor reported a loss of $ 3.1-million of his $ 5-million signing
bonus. Hilliard lost $ 2.1-million. Anthony, who played college football at
Florida and now is with the Redskins, lost $ 1.39-million.


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Tank Black

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              51 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 14, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Some Aid for Churches Was Used Elsewhere

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 25; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG, Fla., Sept. 13


Some money accepted by the head of the nation's largest predominantly black
denomination, the Rev. Henry J. Lyons Jr., to help rebuild burned churches went
instead for emergencies elsewhere, a lawyer for the minister said.

"The National Baptist Convention will give them a full accounting of how the
money was spent," the lawyer, Grady Irvin, promised the donors.

The Anti-Defamation League and the National Urban League gave Mr. Lyons a check
for $225,000 last November in New York City. About two weeks later, he wrote the
Anti-Defamation League, saying $210,000 had been distributed to six Alabama
churches. The churches are members of the National Baptist Convention, U.S.A.,
Inc., of which Mr. Lyons is president.

Officials and ministers at the six churches said on Wednesday that they had
received only a fraction of the money or none at all.

On Friday, Mr. Irvin notified the Anti-Defamation League that $189,500 had been
placed in escrow. "The balance has long since been in the possession of needy
churches," Mr. Irvin said in his letter to Abraham H. Foxman, the league's
national director, and Howard P. Berkowitz, chairman of its national executive
committee.

The money, Mr. Irvin said, had been delivered to his office.

Reporting that he was speaking at Mr. Lyons's direction, he went on to say that
he was proposing either that the Anti-Defamation League be sent a certified
check for $189,500 along with a list of churches that received the rest of the
money or that the money go to churches that gave the National Baptist Convention
a certified invoice outlining reconstruction and replacement costs.

There had been an outpouring of financial support to help burned out churches,
including $6 million from the Eli Lilly Corporation to the Congress of Black
Churches in Washington and from $8 million to $11 million that corporations and
churches donated to the National Council of Churches, Mr. Irvin wrote.

"We had every faith that the funds would reach churches in need," Mr. Foxman,
the Anti-Defamation League's national director, said in a letter faxed to Mr.
Lyons on Thursday. "We must ask you to immediately provide us with a complete
accounting for the total amount we transferred to your organization."

The Anti-Defamation League and the Urban League established the "Rebuild the
Churches Fund" in June 1996 after 162 arsons and bombings at predominantly black
churches in the previous 18 months. After an exhaustive investigation, a
national church arson task force found no wide conspiracy.

Asked why Mr. Lyons would say the money had been given when it had not, Mr.
Irvin said the letter had been dictated by Mr. Lyons and stamped with his
signature but that he had never known that the letter had been mailed.

On Thursday, Mr. Irvin said some money earmarked for burned churches had been
used to pay for unspecified "emergency situations" that arose last year at black
colleges supported by the convention.

"Some emergencies came up with some of the black colleges as the doors were
about to close, and there were some serious plumbing problems, but all funds
were used for the proper purpose and none for personal gain," Mr. Irvin said.

Earlier this month, Mr. Lyons survived several efforts to oust him at the
convention's annual meeting after accusations surfaced of infidelity and
mishandled finances.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              52 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 26, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Nation: Busing Revisited;
Then, the Color of Classmates. Now, the Color of Money.

BYLINE: By DIRK JOHNSON

SECTION: Section 4; Page 3; Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1024 words


THE traditional enemies of busing to achieve school integration were once easy
to spot: angry white parents glaring at little black boys and girls stepping off
the bus at a new school.

But as desegregation plans have fallen by the wayside in so many schools
districts -- most recently in Charlotte, N.C., earlier this month -- it is not
whites alone who have favored its demise.

To hear a black parent like Clint Perkins tell it, busing students to achieve
racial integration is "nothing but a waste of money" and, worse, it robs
children of the familiar comfort of a neighborhood school. It was an experiment
full of hope, he said, but short on promise.

In the annals of civil rights, the bus has been a symbol of power and hope since
Rosa Parks refused to give up her seat to a white man in 1955, sparking a
protest that forever changed the nation. And beginning in the early 1960's the
school bus, the universal symbol of mass transportation, was seen as a way to
bring together a divided nation and forge equality by letting black children sit
next to white children.

But while busing promoted diversity, at least between school bells, and brought
poorer children to more affluent schools, the enduring racial segregation of
city neighborhoods and the middle-class flight to suburbs have posed a challenge
that busing alone could scarcely solve.

Mr. Perkins, an Army recruiter whose daughter attends a public school in Denver,
where busing was ended four years ago, believes that integration is worthy. But
it is the color of money, he said, that matters most in education.

"Black or white, you need money to attract top-quality educators," he said. "I
don't care about the racial ratio in the school. What matters most is the
quality of education."

A conservative judiciary has hastened the demise of many desegregation plans.
But in some cases, black parents and politicians have called for desegregation
orders to be lifted, as in St. Louis, where such an order was vacated earlier
this year after a vow by the state legislature to increase spending on public
schools.

Desegregation plans have been scrapped, either voluntarily or by court order, in
a long list of cities, including Boston, Cleveland, Detroit, Norfolk, Va., and
Austin, Tex.

Civil rights organizations like the N.A.A.C.P. remain steadfast in their support
of integrating schools, including the use of busing if necessary. But even the
N.A.A.C.P. has seen internal discord over the issue. In the last several years,
the group dismissed two chapter leaders, Robert H. Robinson in Bergen County.
N.J., and Kenneth W. Jenkins in Yonkers, N.Y., for taking the position that good
schools for black students is a higher priority than racial integration.

For many black parents and educators, turning away from support of busing is
simply a matter of political reality, said Glenn Loury, director of the
Institute on Race and Social Division at Boston University.  "The courts are
making it very clear that busing, as a tool of integration, is going to be very
restricted," said Mr. Loury. "That's not just the writing on the wall. That's
the writing in the rulings."

But Mr. Loury said it has become quite clear that black parents have lost much
of the hope that busing would transform schools for poor children. "Black
parents have become much more skeptical that this is the way of attacking the
problem," he said. "They're weary."

And yet he noted that black parents in Boston are on a long waiting list to
participate in a voluntary busing program, one that sends children from urban
centers to mostly white schools in the suburbs.

APART from the issue of racial integration, Americans have always been
ambivalent about buses. The epitome of poor and working-class transportation,
the bus can be a crowded, noisy place where deep-rooted distinctions are
forfeited during a journey that is often too close for comfort.

Many schoolchildren have never enjoyed taking the bus for any reason. The
ever-expanding parking lots of suburban high schools underscore the fading lure
of the trusty old yellow school bus.

It comes as no surprise then, that many black (and white) parents and children
sometimes cringe at stepping aboard buses, especially if it means rolling away
from the home neighborhood toward somebody else's turf.

As desegregation plans have wilted, poor black and Hispanic students are
increasingly isolated in schools that are predominantly minority, according to
Gary Orfield, a Harvard professor and an expert on segregation.

In a recent study, Professor Orfield found that schools that are more than 90
percent black and Hispanic are 11 times more likely to have concentrated poverty
than mostly white schools.

Poverty in these schools has grown worse, he said, as much of the black
middleclass has moved to the suburbs. He cited studies that showed only
one-tenth of blacks wanted to live in all-black neighborhoods.

In the view of Mr. Orfield, money alone cannot remedy the problems of racial
segregation in the classroom.

"People need to understand what schools are," he said. "It's not just about test
scores. Schools are a place where people network, where they make the
connections to have a better chance at being successful."

He also argues that white students benefit profoundly in integrated settings,
learning social skills that will become required "as they live in a society that
is less and less white."

But among whites, there has never been much support for busing or other
desegregation plans in schools. And as many blacks also become skeptical of such
efforts, busing seems destined to take a place among nobly intended but
ultimately disappointing ventures to close the racial chasm.

"There was a reason that most of these plans were court-ordered," said Professor
Loury of Boston University. "If it was put to a vote, it would never pass."

Black parents like Mr. Perkins, meanwhile, have increasingly looked for other
measures of a school's success than its racial composition.

"As long as all the teachers and parents are singing off the same page," he
said, "I don't care what color they are."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              53 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 5, 2006 Saturday

Decker took funds for a ride: Disclosures tell of travel outside N.C

BYLINE: Lynn Bonner, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


Aug. 5--State legislators tend to focus their campaign spending on such things
as mail, advertising and campaign staff.

But from the look of former Rep. Michael Decker's campaign finance reports from
2003 and 2004, he was as interested in seeing the United States as in preparing
for a re-election campaign.

Decker's disclosure forms show payments in 2003 and 2004 to hotels, gas stations
and convenience stores through the Southeast, central and southwestern United
States.

In October 2003, Decker used campaign money to pay for a stay at a Super 8 in
Marion and a Days Inn in Blytheville, Ark. In November 2004, Decker used
campaign money to help pay for a trip to Myrtle Beach, S.C. In February 2004, he
spent campaign money on gasoline in Illinois, Kentucky and Tennessee. He used
some to buy a used vehicle.

At the time, North Carolina law allowed politicians to spend campaign money on
whatever they wanted, as long as they disclosed the spending. State legislators
passed a law this year to curb the use of campaign contributions for personal
expenses.

It is unclear whether Decker took all the road trips himself or spent the money
for someone else's travel. He did not return a phone call Friday.

Decker's lawyer, David Freedman of Winston-Salem, did not know the details of
his client's travel.

"He liked to get in his van and drive," Freedman said.

Decker spent about $4,000 on such travel during the two years he reported
collecting $54,302 in campaign contributions.

Decker, who was in the House for 20 years, pleaded guilty in federal court
Tuesday to a conspiracy charge. He told federal prosecutors he agreed to support
Democrat Jim Black of Mecklenburg County for House speaker in exchange for a
legislative job for Decker's son and $50,000. Prosecutors said much of that
money went into Decker's campaign account.

Decker, a Republican in a heavily GOP district in Forsyth County, switched
parties in January 2003 and announced he was voting for Black. Republicans held
rallies in Decker's district, called him a traitor and demanded his resignation.

Decker collected campaign money with Black's help and with contributions coming
from optometrists, chiropractors and other Black supporters. Black has said he
did not pay Decker or offer him anything for his support.

Decker switched his party affiliation back to Republican after the 2003
legislative session; he lost his primary in 2004.

Chris Heagarty, executive director of the N.C. Center for Voter Education, said
contributors don't expect money they give candidates to be used for leisure
travel.

"A lot of people who have given contributions and give up their hard-earned
money do it because they think the candidate needs help, not because they think
the candidate needs to play the back nine at Pinehurst 2," he said.

Decker told prosecutors he received $12,000 in cash as part of his deal to
switch parties, money that does not appear in campaign finance reports.

"It just got spent," Freedman said. "It did not go to campaign expenses."

Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060805-RA-0805-Decker-took-funds-for-a-ride

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                              54 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 27, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

4 men charged after Black Money swindle goes awry;
Alleged victim tries to rob scam artists

BYLINE: By T.J. Pignataro - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 813 words


A West African currency scam arrived in Cheektowaga last weekend, landing three
out-of-town men in hot water along with their alleged victim, who later tried to
take back his money at gunpoint, Cheektowaga police say.

Authorities were alerted to the scam early Sunday, when they responded to a call
about a robbery at the Sleep Inn at 100 Holtz Drive. The caller turned out to be
one of the alleged scam artists, Mohamed Kromah, 34, of New York City.

Police said the incident began when three Liberian natives now living in New
York City and the Philadelphia area targeted a Buffalo man, Omar Clark, under
what police call a Black Money Scam, also known as the Black Dollar Nigerian
Cash Cleaning Scam.

The scam is a fraud popularized in the West African nation in which the victim
-- in this case Clark, 35 -- is presented with black construction paper reported
to be real U.S. currency that had been dyed black through a chemical process.

The con men --Kromah,; Mohammed Kaba, 42, of Philadelphia; and Yayah Swaray, 32,
of Sharon Hill, Pa. -- told Clark they needed money to buy another chemical to
wash away the black dye and make the currency usable again.

Clark was asked for money to buy the chemical in exchange for half of the black
paper. Clark apparently turned over $21,000 to the three scammers in exchange
for the black paper, which was really just construction paper with no value,
police said.

After Clark realized he'd been scammed, the incident turned violent, police
said.

Clark then employed some of his own trickery, calling the scammers and telling
them he had some friends who also wanted in on the "investment" in order to set
up another meeting with them. That meeting apparently took place somewhere in
Buffalo late Saturday or early Sunday.

There, Kromah, Kaba and Swaray were allegedly ambushed at gunpoint by Clark and
up to three other men and forced into the basement of an unknown address in
Buffalo.

The three alleged scammers were tied up and robbed, according to what Kaba and
Swaray told Buffalo police early Sunday morning. The two said they were beaten
and robbed of about $900, and their assailants also stole a Thrifty rental car
from them. They then were loaded into a vehicle and thrown out onto the road in
the area of Godfrey Street.

Kaba suffered bruised or fractured ribs from being kicked and stomped, and both
he and Swaray had cuts and bruises all over their faces, arms and bodies, police
said.

Meanwhile, Kromah was taken back to his hotel room by Clark, who demanded a
return of his money. Cheektowaga police became involved after fielding Kromah's
4 a.m. Sunday call.

"One of the men asked to be taken to the hotel to get the money," Cheektowaga
Police Capt. James Speyer said. "That's when he broke through and called the
police."

Upon arrival, police found several types of chemicals and containers in the
hotel room that they originally mistook for either bombmaking materials or
components of a methamphetamine lab, police said. Federal authorities were
called to investigate.

Agents from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, FBI, Department of
Homeland Security, Drug Enforcement Administration and Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the Erie County Sheriff's Office assisted
Cheektowaga police detectives.

After authorities had interviewed all of the suspects -- the alleged scammers
told police they were in Buffalo "to buy a car" -- and sorted out the details,
Kromah, Kaba and Swaray were charged with fraudulent accosting and criminal
possession of a forgery instrument. Clark was charged with conspiracy and
robbery. It remained unclear how the three, who police say "have been known to
operate in other cities" as well, came to connect with Clark.

Clark had met with the alleged scammers in the day or two prior to the incident,
police said. Authorities also found piles of black construction paper in the
hotel room, police said.

The Black Money Scam, although apparently new in Western New York, has been
widely reported in national media after netting several prominent victims,
including former Rep. Ed Mezvinsky -- the father-in-law of Chelsea Clinton --
and a relative of New Orleans Saints linebacker Jonathan Vilma.

In 2009, two African immigrants were believed shot in the head in Vilma's Long
Island condominium after Vilma's cousin fell victim to a Black Money Scam.
Authorities found pieces of black paper throughout the condo, according to ABC
News reports. Vilma was never a suspect in the homicides.

In Mezvinsky's case, ABC reported the former Iowa congressman lost millions due
to African money scams -- including the Black Money Scam. Mezvinsky eventually
served a seven-year prison sentence for fraud.

The Black Money Scam was new to local authorities. "I haven't seen it in this
area yet," Speyer said. "I haven't seen it happen certainly in Cheektowaga."

email: tpignataro@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     February 2, 2000 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Celebrating black community Panelist: Look at bigger picture

BYLINE: By The Denver Post,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-04

LENGTH: 607 words


One spoke of history, another of service, and others of faith  and economics.

By the end of the hour, their voices had blended into a  chorus celebrating
community.

On Tuesday, the first day of Black History Month, four  panelists sketched an
outline of local African-American  achievement and involvement during the Black
World Conference  sponsored by Metropolitan State College of Denver.

'Some people have problems understanding the reality of a  black community in
Denver,' said C.J. White, the Metro State  teacher who organized and moderated
the discussion at the Tivoli  Center. 'The black community in Denver, as in any
geographical  area, should not be viewed in a vacuum, but as part of the whole.'

Panelist Yvonne Wallace McNair, executive director of the  Black American West
Museum and Heritage Center, offered accounts  of African-American trailblazers
who made their marks locally.  Their efforts culminated in the establishment of
the museum and  its eventual move to 3091 California St.

Robert Patton, director of the Colorado Black Chamber of  Commerce, spoke of
burgeoning minority participation in the new  Broncos football stadium, which he
said has generated $ 18 million  in business for black contractors.

Patton urged the black community to recognize its economic  power and use it
constructively.

'Not so long ago, African-American participation was  non-existent in projects
like the convention center, and to some  extent, DIA,' Patton said. 'There's an
awful lot of money out  there, and money makes the world go 'round. We're tired
of  spending our money in venues that don't support us.'

His words struck a chord with 18-year-old Monticue Connally,  a student at
Community College of Denver.

'We need to redirect spending for the benefit of the  community,' Connally said.
'No class teaches you how to manage  money in the community.'

Patton wasn't the only panelist to touch on the hard  financial realities facing
the black community. Those who serve  through nonprofit organizations can no
longer try to be all things  to all people, said Hazel Whitsett, director of the
Northeast  Women's Center.

'We used to follow the money,' she said, 'but now we look to  what the community
needs. Capital is what sustains us,  collaboration enables us, challenge drives
us.'

Whitsett's words wound their way to a vision not yet realized.

'A comfort zone,' she said, 'is what we dream of.'

But the idea of making dreams become reality drove the  remarks of the Rev.
David Washington, deputy director of Denver's  Black Church Initiative. He spoke
of churches' powerful role in  the black community, and how they have invested
in such programs  as tutoring and computer skills.

Beyond that, he talked about a desire to do even more -  specifically, through a
fledgling program that seeks to let  churches have a hand in early intervention
with juvenile offenders.

'It's important to have a vision,' said Washington, 'and to  know it can be
realized in your lifetime.'

Bridget Kimble, a teacher at the Challenges, Choices and  Images school who
teaches kindergarten through second grade,  figured it's never too soon to plant
an appreciation for the black  community in her students.

'Seeing these people (on the panel) doing things, finding  ways to motivate
them, seeing the resources available - we try to  start kids as soon as
possible,' said Kimble. 'Some of that sense  of community got lost in the '60s,
'70s and '80s. It's nice  knowing that candle is still burning out there.'

LOAD-DATE: February 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Lyn Alweis Yvonne Wallace McNair, left,
executive director of the Black American West Museum and Heritage Center, talks
with student Tana Holloway at Metropolitan State College of Denver on Tuesday.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 21, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Black investors study financial fitness

BYLINE: Kerry Hannon

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 573 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Hundreds of profit-minded investors flocked here to hear Jesse
Jackson and African-American experts talk about the need to save
and invest.

The message the 700-plus attendees were soaking up at the Coalition
of Black Investors' (COBI) first Black Investors Conference over
the weekend was: Don't ignore the stock market, even if it is
bearish right now.

According to the 1998 Retirement Confidence Survey conducted for
the Employee Benefit Research Institute and the American Savings
Education Council, 43% of African-Americans say they are not at
all confident they are saving enough to support themselves in
retirement, vs. 26% of white Americans. And 59% of African-Americans
worry they won't have enough money to pay for long-term medical
care if that becomes necessary.


The sound of pens scratching across notepads accompanied every
speaker at more than two-dozen workshops on subjects ranging from
the ABCs of investing to college financial planning and how to
invest in emerging markets or fine art.

The 1,300-member organization, based in Winston-Salem, N.C., (1-888-411-2624),
is focused on increasing financial literacy in the African-American
community. "Economics is the base of the problems in our communities,"
says Carol Davis, COBI's president. "We must turn consumers into
investors and build wealth."

"It's all about money, power and respect," says Duane Davis,
founder of COBI. "The basic issue is that blacks represent 14%
of the population in the U.S., 7% of earnings, but only 3% of
the wealth."

The mood of the predominantly female audience, including many
who belong to investment clubs, was upbeat.

"I'm not worried about the stock market's jumpiness," says Joyce
Jolly, president of the 14-member Gateway Investment Club in Washington,
D.C. "I believe it's a good time to buy. I'm investing for my
future and my kids, so we can live comfortably."

"I want to be more active with my investments," says Andrea
Elder-Howell of Forest Hills, N.Y., who started an investment
club with 11 other black women last year. "I'm here to learn.
And what I'm hearing makes me feel confident to hang in there
with the market swings."

Investors came from California to Maine to soak up information
about investing and financial planning. Some of what they heard:

-- "The honey may be gone now," said Louis Holland, president
of Holland Capital Management, a Chicago investment firm. "But
if you look at historical returns, you'll see that unless you
need the money next week, you've got to have most of your money
committed to stocks."

His reasoning: While stock prices can swing widely over the short
term, they have still outperformed interest-paying investments
over every 20-year period since 1931.

His favorite sectors to invest in based on the aging boomer population:
financial-services companies, leisure-time firms, funeral companies
and drugmakers.

-- "If you do not own stocks, you are not sharing in the wealth,"
said Deborah Owens, president of Money Works, an investment adviser
in Washington, D.C. Her guidelines: Decide what you are investing
for, your time frame and your risk tolerance. But invest in stocks.

-- "Watch your dream unfold," Jesse Jackson told the group.
"Take pride in what you kept and invested, not what you made
and spent. Stop just being consumers and workers and become traders
and partners."


LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jon Adams, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Jim Strafford

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              57 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday

'It's not wrong if you've made a lot of money';
POTENTIAL JURORS WARNED IN CONRAD BLACK FRAUD TRIAL

BYLINE: ROB SINGH

SECTION: LL 04; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 265 words


PROSPECTIVE jurors in the case against former media baron Conrad Black were told
by the judge yesterday they had to be impartial and warned: "There's nothing
wrong with making lots of money."

Judge Amy St Eve was speaking to 100 people in Chicago who, once whittled down
to 12, will decide the fate of Lord Black of Crossharbour and his associates.

They face charges of stealing millions through fraud, racketeering, tax
violations, obstruction of justice and money laundering.

Canadian-born Black, who ran the Daily Telegraph and was ennobled by Tony Blair
in 2001, wore a smart grey suit to court. His wife Barbara Amiel, 66, and
daughter Alana, 24, sat near him. Black, 62, could get a 101-year jail sentence
and be fined more than Pounds 25million if convicted.

A few potential jurors said they felt they could not trust big business. One man
said: "I'm a small person in this world. Sometimes corporations think they are
above the law."

Most said they could be fair when it came to questions of money but there were a
few moments of unintended comedy. One potential juror thought Lord Black was "a
member of the British royal family and was very rich".

Another said she had read Lady Black "is very attractive and smart". This
comment caused Black to turn to his wife and smile.

Black is accused of misusing his company's money to finance a lavish lifestyle
that included extravagant parties attended by celebrities at his homes in
London, New York and Florida.

Black denies the charges and said he is ready to fight the case, which is being
prosecuted by US Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald's office.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK DAY: LORD BLACK LEAVING THE US FEDERAL COURTHOUSE IN CHICAGO WITH
HIS DAUGHTER ALANA, CENTRE, AND WIFE BARBARA AMIEL. LADY BLACK IS ALSO PICTURED
LEFTARTIST'S IMPRESSION: BLACK, ALANA AND BARBARA AMIEL IN COURT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 24, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

TREND WATCH;
The Color of money

BYLINE: CARRIE TEEGARDIN

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 02D

LENGTH: 428 words


African-Americans tend to have lower incomes than whites, but some businesses
who don't try to attract this group may be missing big spenders, according to
new study published in American Demographics magazine.

A closer look at how black Americans spend their money shows that they outspend
whites in a number of categories, especially those related to personal care
services, apparel and electronics.

No only are the minority consumers unusually good customers for some businesses,
they are also a growing market. The black population is projected to grow by 23
percent by 2015, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, compared with a 17 percent
increase for the total population.

"If you're a marketer, you have to go where the growth is and right now that's
coming from the minority segment," said Alvin Styles, vice president and
director of research for Burrell Communications Group, a Chicago advertising
agency specializing in the black consumer market.

Metropolitan Atlanta, with an estimated 886,000 black residents, has the
seventh-largest black population in the nation. One in four metro Atlantans is
black.

Styles and other experts said it's important for marketers to give special
consideration to black shoppers because "we tend to spend money differently."

Black households spent 41 percent more than white households in 1994 on personal
care services, which include hair styling and manicures, according to the
American Demographics analysis. Black households spent 17 percent more for
clothing for babies and infants, and 11 percent more for women's accessories.

Blacks out spent whites in these areas in spite of having a median household
income of $ 21,000 in 1994, compared with $ 32,300 for all U.S. households.

"African-Americans will spend more money on image enhancement type items,
because 'If I look good, I make a positive statement and I tend to be more
acceptable or I deem myself more acceptable to the larger population,' " Styles
said.

Blacks also tend to spend more on items and services related to appearance
because they have often not been able to afford or gain access to the
traditional American status symbol - a house in the suburbs, he said.

And businesses should keep in mind that this may give some black households more
spending flexibility.

"If I'm not spending all my money on a house, I have more money to spend in
other places," Styles said.

Carrie Teegardin is chief demographics writer for The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution. Correspondents may address e-mail to her at
cteegardin@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: 1994 average annual spending
 The average black household has less money to spend than the average
 white household, but black households spend more than the national
 average for a number of products and services. The top 10 categories for
 which spending by black-headed households is above average.
 ........................................All....... black........Percent
 ................................. households....households...
 difference Personal care services (women)....... $ 312.........
 $ 532......... 41% Personal care services(men and women)..$ 349.........
 $ 530......... 34% Personal care services (men)......... $ 160.........
 $ 212......... 24% Apparel for children under age 2..... $ 379.........
 $ 456......... 17% Hosiery............................... $ 94.........
 $ 108......... 13% Women's accessories....................$ 139.........
 $ 157......... 11% Men's uniforms....................... $ 285.........
 $ 314............9% Medical supplies..................... $ 615.........
 $ 646............5% Jewelry................................$ 880.........
 $ 914............4% Television, radio, sound equipment... $ 680.........
 $ 703............3%
 Sources: U.S. Consumer Expenditure Survey, Bureau of Labor Statistics,
 American Demographics magazine.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              59 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 26, 1986, Sunday, Final Edition

Blacks in Business;
A Local Merchant's Story

BYLINE: Herman Flora

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE B8; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 916 words


I read Joel Kotkin's "Why Blacks Are Out of Business" [Outlook, Sept. 7] with
consternation and alarm. As a black businessman with a real estate firm in the
District and a food market in Takoma Park, I take offense at any article
implying that blacks are no longer interested in the capitalistic system or in
taking risks.

The picture isn't as grim as Kotkin painted it. The diminution of black
businesses he described is real, and the impediments -- difficulty in obtaining
loans, lack of sufficient equity capital, limited markets and bias in the
marketplace -- must be overcome.

But there are many, including myself, who have not given up on the
free-enterprise system.

I have been a businessman in the Washington area for more than 25 years, since I
left Norfolk, Va., where I was raised. As a young person, I wanted to make a lot
of money, and the only people in my neighborhood who appeared to make money --
they drove Cadillacs -- were the physicians and undertakers. I didn't want to be
a mortician, so I entered a Washington university thinking I'd become a doctor.
One year of chemistry and that idea faded away very quickly. I ended up with a
degree in business and eventually became a real estate broker.

Perhaps my choice was unusual. After all, there were even fewer black
businessmen serving as role models then than there are today. As Joel Kotkin
pointed out, it was the ministers, the teachers and other professionals who made
up the black elite. They were the pillars of the black community and earned its
respect. But today, if my seven children are any indication, that may be
changing. As they entered college, I encouraged them to study the sciences,
hoping at least one might pursue medicine. None did; most decided to enter
business.

Not one of the businesses I have owned in full or in part over the years has not
been a risk. (If there is no risk factor, it isn't really a business.) During
the '60s and '70s, many white banks here were reluctant to give business loans
to blacks, including me. Banks were more likely to give out a loan to someone
who wanted to buy an expensive car than to someone who wanted to buy a business
that might eventually gross a million dollars.

I still remember one incident that happened about 20 years ago. I belonged to an
investment club with several other black professionals from the Washington area.
We had been saving capital for a few years and thought it was time to purchase a
business. We went to the bank where we kept our money and applied for a loan. We
were shocked when our request was denied, especially since we were asking for an
amount that represented less than our savings. This taught me a valuable lesson:
to deposit my money in an institution that supports the black community and puts
its money back into helping it.

My early experiences in business led me to work for the federal government in
the area of minority business development. From 1970 to 1980 I helped manage
federal assistance in eight southeastern states for the Office of Minority
Business Enterprises at the Commerce Department. During the early '70s, OMBE
didn't give out loans, but it didju help clients with loan packaging,
accounting, management and legal and technical advice. Then in the late '70s,
funds were reduced and some firms began to fold. This was a deadly blow.

After I left goverment service my family purchased a wholesale/retail produce
and seafood market in Takoma Park that had been owned and operated by a white
merchant and his son. The market served an international clientele -- many
immigrants and foreign students, as well as a sizable number of blacks and
whites. At first we were reluctant to identify ourselves as the new owners, for
fear of losing customers because of our race. But I can proudly report that we
have not lost many of the old customers. It helped, I am sure, that my sons had
worked for the former owner during high school and college and knew many of the
regulars. When black customers found out that we owned the business, they were
pleased and supportive.

Blacks will support black businesses in the Washington area, contrary to what
some believe; they will support it if quality, price and services are
competitive. Merchants, black or white, should never underestimate the
sophistication of the black shopper.

The Washington metropolitan business climate appears better today than when I
arrived. Banks are more receptive to black businessmen; much credit for this
goes to black financial institutions, which, in many instances, had very little
money to lend. The public sector, too, is more helpful now in providing programs
and granting contracts that assist minority business development. Thank goodness
these various private, state and local entities were established. Having been
almost ruined by a severe fire in the spring of 1985 that closed our market for
nine months, I found the Development Credit Fund, Inc., a consortium of banks,
and the state of Maryland very helpful. We couldn't have continued without their
assistance.

If the black community here and elsewhere is to solve many of its social and
economic problems, business may be the place to start. This doesn't mean that
every black needs to own a business. It does mean that blacks must understand
what business can do for them. It can mean jobs, housing, better health
services, less crime and generally a better community.

Herman Flora is president of Takoma Produce and Seafood Market, Inc.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              60 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 27, 1994, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Books of The Times;
A Financial Thriller With a Message

BYLINE: By CHRISTOPHER LEHMANN-HAUPT

SECTION: Section C;  Page 18;  Column 1;  Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 926 words



Black Money
By Michael M. Thomas
309 pages. Crown Publishers. $22.

Black money, says a character defining the title of Michael M. Thomas's timely
new thriller about international finance, is "money fleeing regulation, taxation
or disclosure. . . . Offshore is where it seeks and acquires anonymity. Of
course, you must not think of 'offshore' as having a defined physical geography,
as an exotic setting for a Paul Erdman novel. Offshore is no longer of our
geography: it exists in what is called cyberspace, its cartography is digital.
You can be in the bar of this very hotel, and if you have a palmtop computer and
a phone jack you can make yourself every bit as 'offshore' as if you were
sitting on a Swiss mountaintop or a beach on Vanuatu."

At the opening of "Black Money," Clarence Greaves, a Federal investigator
sorting through the rubble of an imploded California financial industry,
stumbles onto a cache of black money when he tries to rent a VCR and some videos
at a mall in Bordrero Bay, just south of San Francisco.

Greaves could swear that on a printout of a local bank's accounts he had seen
the record of a deposit made to Thunderbolt Video, a chain rivaling Blockbuster
in which Greaves happens to own a little stock. But there is no such store at
the address the bank's records list. Then he remembers that Thunderbolt Video
had intentionally avoided opening outlets in California's movie-saturated
market. So what does the deposit mean? Could it be the phony record of some sort
of scam?

Unhappily for Greaves, his puzzlement prompts him to explore the question on
JEDI, or Joint Expedited Data Interface, an international law-enforcement data
base to which he manages to gain access through a relative in Washington. Hardly
has he begun to trace the Thunderbolt deposit when someone identifying himself
as Arthur Chung telephones him, arranges to meet him in an isolated parking lot
and, with a few karate chops, kills him.

But Greaves has already been in touch with Lee Boynton, an heiress who writes
for a Washington political monthly, and Boynton in turn has hired Thurlow Coole,
a financial sleuth who runs a boy's town for computer hackers. Together they
have begun to agitate a multi-billion-dollar spider web, "some filaments readily
visible to the naked eye, others apparent only in refracted light."

The spiders they arouse include two former C.I.A. operatives involved in
dangerous mischief and at the center of the web Don Escobedo, investment manager
for the Medellin and Cali drug cartels. These creatures have ample power to bite
and sting.

Now such a plot may sound unremarkable, echoing as it seems to do a dozen
stories by the likes of Fleming, Ludlum, le Carre and Clancy, among many others.
But Mr. Thomas brings special talents to his writing. As a former partner of
Lehman Brothers, he has an expert's command of what one character in "Black
Money" calls "post-modern finance." And partly from the experience of writing
five previous novels about big money, among them "Green Monday," "The
Ropespinner Conspiracy" and "Hanover Place," he has refined a knowing prose
style that can conjure a colorful character out of thin air and vent eloquent
opinions on everything from the usefulness of computer games to the venality of
the Reagan era.

Unfortunately, these strengths don't always work to the advantage of good
storytelling in "Black Money." His characters talk and think expertly about
finance. "The Don found it amazing," reads a typical passage. "One of the
wonders of post-modern finance was the willingness of the American Government to
put the American taxpayers' full faith and credit on the line to underwrite the
risk-free doubling (or better) of literally billions in crack and heroin
profits!"

But what the characters think and say is rarely integral to the development of
the scenes in which they speak. So despite all the knowing talk, very little
happens, at least before our eyes. The narrative is forever catching up with
itself, recounting or commenting on what has gone on between the scenes.
Characters are cleverly described but are rarely allowed to reveal themselves
through their behavior. One result is that while "Black Money" is always
impressive, it rarely arrests your deepest interest. Reading it is like running
a hurdles race in which every interval is a different length. You never fall
into a comfortable pace.

As for Mr. Thomas's message: it ultimately fails to be persuasive. Again,
articulation is everywhere, always taking aim at the greed of the 1980's. In the
final chapter, the knowing narrator thumps us with the moral of the story: "The
public was confronted with the reality that 'free market' meant the freedom to
saturate the financial system with money earned in the filthiest form of human
endeavor, that the 'entrepreneurial capitalism' of the 1980's might have
involved a large component of drug money, and that 'deregulation' meant the
freedom to multiply dirty money through a massive fraud of the deposit insurance
structure, a fraud that the American taxpayers would be paying off well into the
next century."

Yet given the shape of the plot and Mr. Thomas's bent for covering up his
characters' behavior with labels, the message that comes through is that what
really matters is how long your family has had money and that what finally
defines virtue is good breeding. In the end, all of the characters in "Black
Money" come across as somewhat shallow and vulgar, and this leaves the author
looking like an indiscriminate snob.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Michael M. Thomas (Jonathan Becker/Crown Publishers)

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              61 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

Frenchman arraigned outburst forces plane to land in Boston

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A,4,999

LENGTH: 1119 words

DATELINE: Worcester, MA


Frenchman charged after outburst forces jet to land

BOSTON -- Authorities say an outburst over a reclined seat led an American
Airlines flight to divert to Boston, at least the second such incident in the
U.S. this week.

Prosecutors say Paris resident Edmund Alexandre became upset after a woman
reclined the seat in front of him on a Miami-to-Paris flight Wednesday.

He's accused of grabbing the arm of a crewman who tried to calm him.

A federal air marshal subdued Alexandre, who was arrested when the plane landed
around 10 p.m.

Alexandre was taken to a hospital for a pre-existing medical condition. He was
arraigned there Thursday on a charge of interfering with a flight crew. A judge
allowed his release until a December hearing.His attorney hasn't returned a
message.

A United Airlines flight diverted to Chicago on Sunday after two passengers
argued over reclining a seat.

Mass. DOR announces 2-month tax amnesty

BOSTON -- The Massachusetts Department of Revenue has announced a two-month
amnesty program designed to encourage the payment of delinquent taxes by
individuals and businesses.

The amnesty program will run from Sept. 1 through Oct. 31. It applies to unpaid
taxes billed on or before July 1.

About 300,000 taxpayers will receive a notice next month notifying them that
they qualify for the tax amnesty program.

The notices will tell taxpayers how much they owe. Revenue officials will waive
all penalties if the balance is paid in full by the end of October.

The tax amnesty program was approved by state lawmakers and included in the
fiscal year 2015 budget signed by Gov. Deval Patrick in July.

Officials say the program is a good way to encourage delinquent taxpayers to pay
up and avoid fines.

Man pleads guilty in $100K 'black money' scheme

PROVIDENCE -- A Massachusetts man has pleaded guilty to defrauding another man
out of $100,000 in a so-called "black money" scheme.

Saah Johnson, of Fall River, entered his plea Wednesday in U.S. District Court
in Providence.

Reports show that the 33-year-old Johnson faces up to 10 years prison at
sentencing Nov. 25.

Prosecutors say Johnson and another person persuaded the victim to give them
$100,000 in cash to process large quantities of "black money" in return for a
share of the proceeds.

The perpetrators of "black money" schemes defraud individuals by persuading them
they need money to remove black dye from large quantities of bills. The "money"
is usually just black construction paper with the exception of some genuine
currency to fool the victims.

Feds critical of problems at Ct. nuke plant near ocean

WATERFORD, Conn -- Federal regulators say they could impose more inspections and
greater oversight of Connecticut's nuclear power plant due to repeated problems
with a critical water pump.

The Nuclear Regulatory Commission issued on Thursday its findings from an
inspection of Millstone Power Plant unit 3. Regulators say problems associated
with a turbine-driven auxiliary water pump three times last year and in January
was of low to moderate safety significance.

The pump cools the reactor in emergencies if offsite power and diesel generators
fail.

Millstone, which is owned by Dominion Resources Inc., may request a conference
with regulators, submit a written response or accept the finding. Spokesman Ken
Holt says plant officials have not made a decision.

Federal regulators said the pump is no longer an immediate safety concern
because a part was replaced.

Holyoke police identify latest shooting victim

HOLYOKE-- Police have released the name of a man fatally shot in Holyoke earlier
this week.

Police on Thursday identified the man found shot in a crashed van on Hamilton
Street early Tuesday morning as 31-year-old Hector Marrero of Springfield.

Marrero was found dead just minutes after officers responding to a South Bridge
Street cafe a couple of blocks away found a 25-year-old Chicopee man who had
been shot several times.

He was taken to the hospital with what were described as non-life threatening
injuries. That man's name has not been made public.

Investigators think the shootings are connected.

Marrero's death is the city's third homicide of the year.

No arrests have been announced and police are seeking the public's help.

State police investigating Vermont inmate's death

SPRINGFIELD, Vt. -- Vermont State Police detectives are investigating the death
of an inmate at the Southern State Correctional Facility in Springfield.

The death of 71-year-old Sylvester Labartino, of Hubbardton, was reported at
about 9:35 p.m. Wednesday.

Labartino was awaiting trial for the Feb. 12 killings of Christopher and Shane
Plummer in the town of Hubbardton. The Plummers were a father and son team of
electricians who had been working at Labartino's rented home.

Police say Labartino had been recently diagnosed with a serious medical
condition and had a history of other debilitating medical disorders.

He was admitted to the prison infirmary on Aug. 20.

His death appears to have been due to natural causes, but the investigation is
continuing.

Officials: Vt. man stole tractors from all over region

BURLINGTON, Vt. -- A Vermont man is facing federal charges he possessed a number
of tractors and trucks that were stolen over a 12-year period from Vermont, New
York, Massachusetts and Maine.

The U.S. Attorney's office says 49-year-old James Moorcroft of Brookfield
pleaded not guilty on Wednesday.

Prosecutors say Moorcroft orchestrated the theft of six trucks and two farm
tractors that he brought to the Brookfield farm where he lives and then used
them after removing the vehicle identification numbers.

In February, police in Connecticut examined one of the vehicles at the home of
one of Moorcroft's relatives and discovered the VINs didn't match.

Prosecutors say they believe Moorcroft panicked and then tried to dispose of the
vehicles in the other states. The vehicles were recovered in those
states.Moorcroft's attorney declined comment.

Conn. commission declines to lift suspension of dentist

HARTFORD, Conn. -- Connecticut's dental commission has turned down a request to
lift the suspension of a dentist accused of providing inadequate care to a
patient who died after being treated in his office.

Dr. Rashmi Patel, who has offices in Enfield and Torrington, was seeking to have
his license reinstated during the hearing process, which resumes next week. He
denies his actions led to the February death of 64-year-old Judith Gan.

Gan was having 20 teeth extracted and implants performed Feb. 17 when she became
unresponsive. She later was pronounced dead at a hospital.

The state alleges Patel failed to respond appropriately when the woman's oxygen
levels dropped, and improperly attempted to extract the teeth in a single visit.

-- From Associated Press reports

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTG,Magazine


                Copyright 2014 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 19, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

TO FIRST BLACK MISS AMERICA, VICTORY IS A MEANS TO AN END

BYLINE: By SUSAN CHIRA

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 872 words


It was never Vanessa Williams's dream to become Miss America - she wanted to be
a Broadway star. She entered the contest only after a local pageant official saw
her perform in a college show, and only after a professional play in which she
was supposed to perform was canceled.

Saturday night the 20-year-old Miss New York contestant won the pageant she had
to be coaxed to enter, the first black ever to be crowned Miss America.

Overnight, Miss Williams, who was supposed to begin her junior year at Syracuse
University this fall, became a celebrity, trailed by chaperones, dogged by
reporters and telephoned by President Reagan.

Part of Career Plan

''It's a jolt,'' she said. ''I guess I still haven't been able to realize it
yet. It's interesting to know I'm making history.''

Black leaders across the country applauded her selection and the choice of
another black contestant, Miss New Jersey, as first runner-up. (Page B4.)

The new Miss America entered the pageant not as a crusader, she said, but as a
realist, for the money she will be able to put toward her education and the push
she hopes it will give her career as a Broadway singer, dancer and actress.

Miss Williams won $25,000 in scholarship money, and is expected to earn more
than $100,000 in appearances across the country, said Albert Marks, the
pageant's chairman of the board.

''I needed the scholarship money,'' she said. ''I thought even if I didn't make
it, I would get some money and exposure out of it. So far it's paid off
tremendously.''

The exposure so far, she has found, has focused less on her dancing and singing
talents than on her race, a situation she said she alternately laughs at and
resents.

Her most vivid memory of the pageant, she said, is of lining up with the three
other black contestants for endless photo sessions and answering endless
questions about what it felt like to have a chance to become the first black
woman to win the crown.

It was not until 1970 that the first black woman entered the Miss America
pageant, Cheryl Browne from Iowa. In the pageant's 62-year history, two black
contestants have become finalists, Mr. Marks said.

This year, four black women entered the contest. Two became finalists - Miss
Williams and Suzette Charles, Miss New Jersey. Miss Charles, as the first
runner-up, received a prize of $17,500. Her home is in Mays Landing, 15 miles
west of Atlantic City, the site of the contest.

''I was chosen because I was qualified for the position,'' Miss Williams said.
''The fact that I was black was not a factor. I've always had to try harder in
my life to achieve things, so this is regular.''

The Judges

The pageant's judges this year were Rod McKuen, the poet; Christopher Little, a
freelance photographer; Marion McKnight Conway, Miss America in 1957; Lois
Geraci Ernst, president of To Woman, Inc., an advertising concern; Tandy Rice,
president of Top Billing Inc., a musical booking agency; Jerry Vale, an
entertainer; Marguerite Piazza, a former member of the Metropolitan Opera; and
Jeanne Maxwell, former president of Dance Masters of America.

Mr. Marks said Miss Williams's crowning as Miss America ''should prove that you
can be tops in America without regard to your color, as it should be.''

''I can assure you that this young lady got there on her merits,'' he said.

If there are any lessons to be drawn from her capture of the Miss America crown,
Miss Williams said, they are those of the value of hard work and education.

''It shows that all things are possible,'' she said. ''To make it for any
minority or any person, you've got to have a good education. I want people to
repect me and think I'm better. I'm ambitious, I have a lot of drive, and I work
hard to get somewhere.''

Parents Are Teachers

Her work started as an elementary school student in the Westchester County town
of Millwood when she started taking dance lessons. Her parents, who are both
elementary school music teachers, taught her piano, French horn and singing. Her
father, Milton A. Williams Jr., said it was a family rule that both Vanessa and
her younger brother, Christopher, now 15, study music until they were 18.

Once, he recalled, his daughter ran away (into the woods in the back yard) in a
futile effort to persuade him to let her quit. He told her to continue, he said,
because he was convinced of the value of a musical education.  ''We were not
concerned about her becoming a professional musician,'' he said. ''We wanted her
to have as many options as possible. It gives her a great sense of freedom.''

Throughout her years at Horace Greeley, a high school in neighboring Chappaqua,
N.Y., Miss William performed in several plays and musicals and continued to
study dance, voice, and music.

Played French Horn

She sang in her high school choir and played French horn in her band and
orchestra. She competed successfully for places in the All-State Woman's Choir,
the All-Eastern Chorus and the All- County Orchestra. She has continued her
studies as a music theater major at Syracuse.

Along the way, said her neighbor, Bette Spriggs, she lead the life of an average
teen-ager.

''She was not a saint, she was just a normal kid,'' Mrs. Spriggs said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Vanessa Williams

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              63 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 4, 2012 Tuesday

Seascape man faces fraud allegations after claiming he was developing land while
pocketing investment money

BYLINE: Cathy Kelly, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 398 words


Dec. 04--SANTA CRUZ -- A Seascape man is facing allegations that he defrauded an
investor out of $279,920 by pocketing the money he said he was using to develop
land in Idaho.

Charles Baxter Black, 56, was arrested by Santa Cruz County sheriff's deputies
at his Racquet Landing home Friday. He posted bond on bail of $100,000 and is
out of custody. He is due to be arraigned Dec. 14.

Prosecutor Kelly Walker filed three felony charges against Black alleging that
he told an investor he was developing property in Idaho and then failed to tell
him when the project fell though in 2008, and failed to return the money.

Black represented he was operating a company called Atherton LLC, but Walker
said he couldn't find any company of that name.

The alleged fraud came to light when the investor, a man in his 60s, was
diagnosed with a terminal illness in May and asked for his money back, the
criminal complaint alleges.

When told to "hang in there" until June, the man became suspicious and hired a
private investigator and then reported the case to authorities, per Walker's
complaint.

"There was evidence he had something going on in Idaho, but when it fell through
he didn't notify the victim," Walker said.

He said the two men met while working together in Silicon Valley some years ago.

Walker said the man lives locally, but online listings state he lived in Santa
Cruz for many years but has moved to San Diego County.

It's unusual

to have just one victim in a case like this, Walker said, but he said he is
unaware of any others. He said he was still investigating.

The man first invested with Black in 2006, Walker stated in the complaint.

The statute of limitations for the charges is four years from discovery or when
discovery could have reasonably been made and the charges were filed shortly
after the victim realized something was amiss, he states. Black continued to say
he was developing the property after it was abandoned in 2008 and spent the
money on his own bills, Walker alleges.

Black's attorney, Reid Paul Schantz of Santa Cruz, could not be reached to
comment.

Black told jail officials he was a self-employed land developer.

Follow Sentinel reporter Cathy Kelly on Twitter at Twitter.com/cathykelly9

___ (c)2012 the Santa Cruz Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) Visit the Santa Cruz
Sentinel (Scotts Valley, Calif.) at www.santacruzsentinel.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121204-QC-Seascape-man-faces-fraud-allegations-after-claiming-he-was-developin
g-land-while-pocketing-investment-money-1204-20121204

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                       Copyright 2012 Santa Cruz Sentinel


                              64 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              January 18, 2001, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

MAKING NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; SIDELINE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 320 words



Day in court No. 1

William "Tank" Black, the agent charged with swindling NFL players out of more
than $ 5-million, pleaded guilty Wednesday in Detroit to money laundering in an
unrelated case. He faces up to 6 1/2 years in prison. Under his plea agreement,
he also could be fined up to $ 2.2-million when he is sentenced May 10. Black,
43, and others were accused of laundering money for a drug ring that imported
1,000-plus pounds of cocaine into Detroit. "We knew that the money was unlawful
in some kind of way," Black told U.S. District Court Judge Lawrence Zatkoff. "We
knew that it was wrong." In exchange for his plea, Black was cleared of charges
that included conspiracy to distribute a controlled substance and perjury. His
attorneys, James C. Thomas and Joseph Beeler, declined to comment.

Tank's tally

Because you can't know the court proceedings without a scorecard: Black's legal
problems related to his agent work are charges in Florida that he swindled about
a dozen NFL players, and a Securities and Exchange Commission lawsuit accusing
him of defrauding the players. In Louisiana, Black is accused of conspiring to
bribe two people connected with the LSU football program.

This should be easy

Joan Parker, a longtime arbitrator and mediator from suburban Philadelphia,
became the first female arbitrator in North American pro sports Wednesday when
the NHL and its players union hired her to replace fired Lawrence Holden. She
serves as the permanent umpire under the national collective-bargaining
agreement between 11 companies and their unions, including the United Auto
Workers.

QUESTION OF THE DAY

Which NFL player has played in the most Super Bowls?

Answer below.

QUOTABLE

"All sports rules are silly rules, aren't they?"

- ANTONIN SCALIA

Supreme Court justice during arguments in Casey Martin's cart suit

ANSWER

Mike Lodish, six: Buffalo 1991-94 and Denver 1998-99


LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, (2); Jim Tressel; Casey Martin's

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              65 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 21, 1998, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

CONFERENCE: BLACK MALES MUST TURN TO LEARNING;
EDUCATION IS BEST WAY OUT OF TROUBLE, CONFEREES SAY

BYLINE: Norm Parish; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO, Pg. C3

LENGTH: 425 words


For Wisconsin state Rep. Spencer Coggs, the solution to problems affecting some
black males is simple - education.

Coggs, D-Milwaukee, and some other participants in the African-American Male
National Conference in downtown St. Louis said education can help fix some
problems that disproportionately affect black males, such as unemployment and
imprisonment.

"I know it might sound trite, but education is the key," Coggs said in an
interview Thursday. "We used to talk about moving forward by going to college or
the military. Now it is college or prison."

Some suggestions included having states spend more money on programs for black
youths and allowing prayer in classrooms.

Lois De Berry, president of the National Black Caucus of State Legislators, said
she believes that prayer in classrooms would give children a better mind-set to
learn.

De Berry, speaker pro tem of the Tennessee House of Representatives, also said
ministers should require children in their churches to show them report cards,
and that every black household should have a computer.

She also believes that successful blacks should move to inner cities and be role
models for children.

Chicago lawyer Thomas Todd suggested that some of the nation's brightest blacks
should consider teaching. Often, though, young blacks leave college with huge
loan debts. So instead of teaching, Todd said, they go to work for a big
corporation and often wind up frustrated by glass ceilings.

Todd, former executive director of Operation PUSH, also said black professionals
and political leaders should remember the civil rights struggles that helped
current black leaders win their places.

Missouri state Rep. Russell C. Gunn suggested more public funds should be spent
on black youth.

"If you look at the trend across the country, a lot of states are spending money
on building prisons, and I think we need to concentrate on prevention," said
Gunn, D-Normandy.

"In Missouri, we spend over $ 25,000 a year to house a person in prison," he
said. "For that kind of money, you can send someone to college."

Gunn is an organizer of the conference, which began Thursday and ends Sunday. It
opened at the Holiday Inn Select, but shifts to America's Center today and
through the weekend. People from 10 states, including Missouri and Illinois,
make up the African-American Male National Council.

The group also will have a meeting for youths at 9 a.m. Saturday at St. Louis
Community College at Forest Park to discuss education, juvenile crime and health
care.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              66 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Metro con men charged in rare 'black money' scam

BYLINE: meccher@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Dakota County; Crime and Court Stories; News

LENGTH: 536 words


Two con men tried to swindle a South St. Paul tire dealer out of money and
inventory using a convoluted "black money" scam, prosecutors say.

Steven Boikai Anderson, 41, of Brooklyn Park, and James Bob Swaray, a Fridley
43-year-old, were charged June 4 in Dakota County District Court with conspiracy
to commit theft by swindle.

According to the charges:

Anderson and Swaray contacted the intended victim May 27, saying they wanted to
buy 100 tires. The next day, they met him at the shop to look around, and told
him they wanted to buy his entire inventory of 270 tires.

The men then produced a stack of black paper shaped like U.S. currency, pulled
out a few pieces and exposed them to a series of liquids. The sequence made it
appear as if the black pieces of paper had become $20 bills.

This sequence is typical of the opening steps of what is known as the black
money scam. South St. Paul police hadn't seen it before and consulted with the
Secret Service in Minneapolis to learn more about it.

In the scam, the con artists convince the target that they have a large sum of
cash that has been coated in a black covering to avoid detection.

A few bills might be real or made to look real by slight of hand; the rest are
simply black paper.

The money is good, the con artists say, but they need an expensive special
chemical to wash it off. The con artists ask for money from the target to buy
that chemical, and they make off with whatever they get.

Scammers frequently target members of the immigrant community who are less
likely to report the matter to law enforcement. They might also discourage
victims from going to police by making them think they're caught up in a
counterfeiting scheme.

Prosecutors say the scam had another layer in this case: Anderson and Swaray
also wanted to get the shop owner's tires while pretending to wait for the
chemicals to develop the fake money, according to the charges.

After showing the shop owner the apparent transformation of the money, Anderson
and Swaray gave him a few of the bills and told him the money was good and that
he should think about partnering with them.

According to the charges, Anderson told him: "Don't say anything to anybody. I
don't want problems; you don't want problems."

That intimidated the shop owner, who went to South St. Paul police. Officers set
up surveillance at the shop ahead of the next meeting with Anderson and Swaray.

On June 2, the men returned to the shop. They told the shop owner they were
short on cash and that their financier was being greedy, according to the
charges.

If the shop owner helped them clean the black money, they said, they'd give him
a percentage, according to the charges.

Eventually, South St. Paul officers announced their presence and arrested the
two men. The men admitted to running the scam to get the shop owner's tires and
money, the charges said.

Anderson said that Swaray was training him to make sure he ran the scam
correctly and that black money was simply construction paper, the charges said.

Both men remained in jail Friday, with bail set at $50,000 for Anderson and
$25,000 for Swaray. They are due next in court June 30.

Marino Eccher can be reached at 651-228-5421. Follow him at
twitter.com/marinoeccher .

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: James Bob Swaray, 43 (DOB 1/27/1971), was charged June 4, 2014 in
Dakota County District Court with conspiracy to commit theft by swindle.
Prosecutors say he and another man tried to scam a South St. Paul tire shop
owner out of money and inventory using the "black money scam." Photo courtesy of
the Dakota County Sheriff's Office.
Steven Boikai Anderson, 41 (DOB 8/7/1972), was charged June 4, 2014 in Dakota
County District Court with conspiracy to commit theft by swindle. Prosecutors
say he and another man tried to scam a South St. Paul tire shop owner out of
money and inventory using the "black money scam." Photo courtesy of the Dakota
County Sheriff's Office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           November 3, 2005 Thursday

Black drops the gloves with Uncle Sam;
Cash needed for possible defence, suit says

BYLINE: PAUL WALDIE

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; LITIGATION; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 634 words


Just when it appeared there was no one left for Conrad Black to take on, he's
going after the government of the United States.

A lawsuit, titled Conrad M. Black v. United States of America, was filed
yesterday in a Chicago court and it relates to the FBI's seizure of nearly
$9-million (U.S.) of the media baron's money.

In the suit, Lord Black alleged the seizure was made without any legal basis.
And, he said he needs the money to retain lawyers to defend him in a possible
criminal indictment over allegations of fraud at Chicago-based Hollinger
International Inc., which he once controlled.

The U.S. Attorney in Illinois has charged two former Hollinger executives,
including Lord Black's long-time colleague David Radler, with fraud and more
charges are expected. Mr. Radler has pleaded guilty and is co-operating with
prosecutors.

Lord Black conceded in his lawsuit that "it is possible that a criminal
indictment of [him] is likewise imminent."

The timing "of the government's seizure of [Lord Black's] money - in the midst
of a grand jury investigation and perhaps on the eve of a criminal charge - can
only raise questions as to the government's true purpose," the suit alleged.
Without the money, Lord Black "will be hamstrung in his ability to challenge the
substance of many allegations set forth," the suit added.

If the government does not return the funds in time for Lord Black to defend
himself, "the wrecking ball will have destroyed the building."

The cash represented the proceeds from the sale of an apartment in New York that
Lord Black put on the market last June for $10.5-million. He found a buyer last
summer and the sale was supposed to close on Oct. 7. But just as lawyers for
Lord Black and the buyer were finalizing the purchase, FBI agents swooped in and
seized net proceeds of $8.9-million. In an affidavit supporting the seizure, the
U.S. Attorney alleged the money was part of a "fraud scheme."

The 4,500-square-foot apartment is on Park Avenue and has a 30-foot-long living
room, four wood-burning fireplaces and a library. Lord Black acquired it from
Hollinger in 2000 for around $3-million. That was the same price Hollinger paid
for the apartment in 1994, court documents alleged. The U.S. Attorney claimed
the unit was worth $5.4-million at the time.

In his lawsuit, Lord Black disputed the government's figures and said it failed
to take into account $2.3-million in renovations he made to the apartment. Lord
Black said that under a 1994 agreement with Hollinger, he had an option to buy
the apartment "at any time of his choosing" at fair market value.

Lord Black bought a ground-floor apartment in the same building in 1998 for
$499,000. When he bought the larger Hollinger apartment in 2000, he gave the
company his unit, which he alleged was worth $850,000 by then, plus
$2.15-million.

In his lawsuit, Lord Black alleged that the buyer, believed to be developer
Martin Berman, colluded with U.S. Justice Department officials in the seizure.
"Evidence suggests that an assistant U.S. attorney communicated with the
purchaser's counsel in advance of the closing transaction and arranged to be
present and snare the funds in the hallway immediately after the closing," the
suit alleged. Mr. Berman has not commented on the transaction.

Lord Black said he sold the apartment to retain lawyers for the possible
criminal case. And, he alleged the U.S. government went too far in seizing the
funds without any evidence the money was connected to any fraud.

"The government's logic extended would mean that any act of alleged fraud - no
matter how small or incidental to a transaction - can support an unlimited
seizure and forfeiture. Not surprisingly, that is not the law," the suit
alleged.

A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's office declined comment.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              68 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 3, 2003 Sunday

A capital suggestion for church diversity?

BYLINE: BILL MAXWELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 763 words


Civil rights icon the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. loved to remind his white
ministerial colleagues, along with any white policymakers willing to listen,
that "eleven o'clock Sunday morning is the most segregated hour" of the week.
Eleven o'clock is when most Protestant churches open worship services.

King was showing whites - who considered themselves to be Christians - the sharp
conflict between racism and Christian ideals.

Explaining King's pronouncement, African-American theologian James Cone wrote:
"In the old slavery days, the church preached that slavery was a divine decree,
and it used the Bible as the basis of its authority. ... Not only did
Christianity fail to offer the (black) hope of freedom in the world, but the
manner in which Christianity was communicated to him tended to degrade him. The
(black) was taught that his enslavement was due to the fact that he had been
cursed by God. ... Parts of the Bible were carefully selected to prove that God
had intended that the (black) should be the servant of the white man..."

Master and servant, therefore, could not inhabit the same place of worship
together.

Forty years after King's words, 11 a.m. Sunday remains a time when two Americas
- one white, one black - go separate ways. But Bishop Fred Caldwell, pastor of
Greenwood Acres Full Gospel Baptist Church in Shreveport, La., decided that
King's words did not have to be destiny, at least not for his traditionally
black congregation.

USA Today reports that Caldwell has devised a scheme for diversifying his
church: He will pay white people to attend. That is right. Caldwell says he will
pay whites $5 per hour to sit in the pews on Sunday and $10 per hour for
Thursday service.

Pay whites to attend?

"Our churches are too segregated, and the Lord never intended for that to
happen," Caldwell told USA Today. "It's time for something radical. ... I just
want the kingdom of God to look like it's supposed to."

Based on history, the good bishop will need a miracle to succeed. With only a
few exceptions, attempts to bring substantial, permanent race-mixing into U.S.
churches has been a miserable failure. Lord knows, hundreds of earnest
preachers, black and white, have tried. I know because I have written about many
efforts in several states.

I have seen churches do "choir visitations" - the black choir sings at the white
church one Sunday, and the white choir goes to the black church at another time.
I have seen dinner swaps, prayer meetings and other efforts.

Unitarians used to ask me how to get more blacks to attend their services. I
always had the same answer: Blacks will not attend Unitarian churches because
Unitarians are the worst singers in the world. Obviously, my quip was a joke,
but it held a modicum of truth. My point was that blacks and whites have
different styles of worship, and they would always experience awkwardness when
they tried to mix.

Sure, this or that black attends this or that Catholic church, and this or that
white attends this or that black Baptist church. These are exceptions. I am
talking about the general rule.

Although I still believe that styles of worship make blacks and whites go their
separate ways at 11, I also believe that plain old American racism keeps them
apart.

Here is what professor Peter Huff, chairman of the religion department at
Centenary College in Shreveport, told USA Today: "(Caldwell has) hit on the
problem. All of the best motives have not been able to overcome the racial
divide. Just showing people that racism conflicts with the Gospel seems not to
be enough."

Then, show them the money.

Which is what Caldwell will do. When I first read the story, I dismissed the man
as a kook. I changed my mind. We use money to get everything else done, so why
not use it to diversify the pews? Money, not love and understanding, brings
whites and blacks to the same shopping malls. Money permits whites and blacks to
live together in upscale neighborhoods and attend the same exclusive schools.
And so on.

Well, why not use money to entice whites and blacks to attend the same church? I
telephoned Caldwell but did not speak with him. Two church members, however,
told me that they accept using the almighty dollar to this end. All whites have
to do to collect is come to Greenwood Acres Full Gospel Baptist Church, sign in
and enjoy the service.

For now, Caldwell will pay them out of his pocket. If he gets too many takers,
he will ask his flock to pass the plate.

Eleven o'clock on Sunday morning at Greenwood Acres may become less segregated.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 2003 Times Publishing Company


                              69 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                         March 9, 2000, Thursday, FINAL

Agent accused of destroying savings

SECTION: Sports; F6

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Fla.


TAMPA, Fla. -- Sports agent William (Tank) Black destroyed the investment
savings of some two dozen professional athletes and should not be allowed to
continue his dealings or purge his records, federal lawyers said Wednesday.

Defence attorneys say a lawsuit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission
is an attempt to railroad Black.

Black's clientele included about 35 professional football and basketball
players.

One of Black's few remaining big-name clients, Toronto Raptors star Vince
Carter, ''suspended'' his relationship with Black pending the outcome of the
trial.

Over the last several years, Black's company, Professional Management, Inc., has
represented such NFL players as Fred Taylor, Germane Crowell, Duce Staley, Ike
Hilliard and Jacquez Green.

The SEC filed suit last month, claiming Black and colleagues violated securities
laws by defrauding clients, skimming profits, accepting kickbacks,
misappropriating funds and charging for services not provided.

Black would advise financially unsophisticated clients to invest substantial
amounts of money in fraudulent investments that lost them millions of dollars,
according to a complaint that seeks to bar Black from destroying any business
documents.

Black's attorney, Michael Wolensky, said the government should have to prove the
allegations at trial, rather than rely on the one-sided declaration from an SEC
attorney.

''No one can really be sure and, certainly without the opportunity for cross
examination, no one may ever know what occurred,'' Wolensky said in court
documents opposing the SEC's bid for a preliminary injunction.

He also asked that some of Black's assets be unfrozen so he can pay living
expenses.

A hearing on the requests is scheduled for today.

The SEC claims Black, 42, of Columbia, S.C., and business partner James Franklin
Jr. collected at least $5 million through various schemes to defraud athletes.

In one case, the SEC said, Black and Franklin advised clients to invest millions
in high-yield promissory notes they said would finance an auto title loan
company called Cash 4 Titles.

In fact, the SEC said, Black and Franklin had a secret arrangement with the
promoters of the promissory notes that allowed them to skim their clients'
profits. Then they would put the money into a multimillion-dollar Ponzi scheme
run out of the Cayman Islands.

In a Ponzi scheme, money from recent investors is used to pay returns to earlier
investors.

Wolensky said Black was a victim in a scheme run by others and lost $400,000 of
his own money.


LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       APRIL 4, 1999 Sunday DCITY EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 623 words


EMERGENCY LANDING MADE

NEAR NEW GARDEN AIRPORT The pilot of a two-seat Piper Tomahawk airplane was
forced to make an emergency landing yesterday afternoon in a cornfield just
south of the New Garden Airport in Oxford, Chester County.

State police at Avondale said the pilot, Robert Albert Porter, and copilot,
Ismar Advic, walked away from the landing uninjured. No other information was
available about the two men.

The plane is owned by the New Garden Airport, and was used for a training
flight. The field is adjacent to the northbound lanes of Route 1, about a
half-mile south of Route 896.

WAY CLEARED FOR LAWSUIT

AGAINST MONEY MANAGER As many as 49 plaintiffs, most of them school districts,
can file a class-action lawsuit in the case of a money manager accused of
swindling $70 million from his clients, a judge has decided. The ruling, filed
last week by Blair County Judge Hiram Carpenter, allows the districts to link
their claims against Mid-State Bank & Trust Co. of Altoona. There was no answer
at Mid-State's main office yesterday.

The districts allege that the bank knew financial adviser John Gardner Black was
mishandling investments, but did not inform federal securities regulators. Black
and his companies, Devon Capital Management and Financial Management Sciences,
in Tyrone, Blair County, were accused by the federal Securities and Exchange
Commission of investing the districts' money, racking up major losses, and
trying to cover those losses by luring more investors.

The Wissahickon and Hatboro-Horsham districts in Montgomery County were among
those that lost money.

The Bald Eagle School District in Centre County filed the lawsuit that serves as
the basis for the class action. It claims that the bank knew about Black's
alleged scheme but let it continue. The class action tentatively is scheduled to
go to trial in January, and could bring together the hardest-hit of Black's
customers: investors whose money was used to cover the soured investments. Bald
Eagle lost $1.9 million in investments with Black. South Butler County School
District lost $4.6 million. Black's home district, Tyrone Area, invested $27
million and lost almost half.

ALL-LOCAL NEWS CHANNEL

WILL BEGIN IN TRI-STATE AREA A cable news network that promises "hyper-local
news coverage" will begin tomorrow on two systems serving South Jersey, eastern
Pennsylvania and Delaware. TSM News, will be telecast from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.
weekdays on Suburban Cable and Garden State Cable.

The first 30 minutes of each hour will be dedicated to news. In the second
half-hour, anchors and guest hosts will take viewer calls and field e-mail
messages. "Viewers' appetite for news can't possibly be fulfilled in a single
newscast," said Stanley Greene, president of Tri-State Media.

TSM is a new venture by Lenfest Communications, parent company of Suburban
Cable.

JUDGE TELLS BOAT OWNERS

TO TAKE DIVERS TO WRECK The owners of a clamming boat that sank off the New
Jersey coast in January must let divers representing the captain's family visit
the wreck by April 15, a federal judge has ruled in Philadelphia. Four men died
when the Beth Dee Bob went down, but only two bodies have been recovered.

A lawyer for the family of Capt. Ed McLaughlin asked the court to let divers
representing the family participate in a dive. U.S. District Judge Stewart
Dalzell said last week the divers should be included in a joint exploration. The
bodies of McLaughlin, 36, of Absecon, and deckhand Grady Gene Coltrain, 39, of
Cherry Hill, may still be aboard or near the wreck.

The U.S. Coast Guard, which appointed a task force to investigate a rash of
clamming vessel wrecks, will announce its findings Tuesday.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 15, 1989, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Blacks' Charities Struggle To Meet Cosby Challenge

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN TELTSCH, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 1, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 1351 words


When Bill Cosby gave $20 million to Spelman College in Atlanta, the largest
individual donation ever made to a black college, he made it clear that he
intended the money not just as a gift but as a challenge to other black
Americans to support black colleges.

Many people familiar with giving patterns among blacks say the challenge is
welcome and overdue. They say black institutions, including colleges, arts
organizations and civil rights and social welfare groups, need to attract more
contributions from the growing ranks of black professionals.

They fear that fund-raisers tend to ignore black people, in the words of one
expert, ''as being more likely recipients than donors.'' And they say black
charities need to learn more sophisticated ways of raising money, like using tax
benefits to stimulate contributions.

''We know very little about black philanthropy,'' said Thomas L. Berkley, who
founded California's largest black law firm and the Center for Urban Black
Charities in Oakland. ''We know most giving goes to the church, but what about
self-help within the black community?''

Most blacks, like most whites, give money to charity, according to a Gallup
Organization survey for the Joint Center for Political Studies, a research
organization based in Washington. But contributions by blacks tend to be
smaller, in part because their average incomes are smaller.

In households with annual incomes of $25,000 to $40,000, 87 percent of whites
and 67 percent of blacks reported giving to charity in 1986 and 1987. Among
households with incomes over $40,000, 92 percent in each group contributed, said
Dr. Emmett D. Carson, director of the center's project on black philanthropy.

''This should send a message to fund-raisers who traditionally ignore the black
community as being more likely recipients than donors,'' he said.

A separate survey in New York City last year also found that as income rises,
the proportion of blacks who are giving approaches that of whites. The gap
disappears at $50,000.

Dependence on Whites

But Mr. Berkley of the Center for Urban Black Charities said he was disappointed
in the level of giving by wealthy blacks. ''It's a great gift,'' he said of the
Cosby donation, ''but it will not make a measurable change in attracting other
entertainers or athletes, for example. I represented such big earners for years,
and no more than 5 percent gave significantly.''

Black colleges ''are heavily dependent on funds from white sources,'' said
Christopher Edley Sr., president of the United Negro College Fund, which
supports 42 black colleges, including Spelman. ''The last message I would want
to send out is that we don't need donations from the white community.''

Although contributions from black donors are rising, he added, ''we don't do as
well as we should among young people in their 20's and 30's.''

History of Slavery and Bias

Some donors argue that the development of black philanthropy has been held back
by a long history of slavery and racial discrimination. Black Americans simply
have not had as much money to spend as whites, these donors say, and even blacks
who are able may not yet be in the habit of giving money away.

''Schools do not teach how to handle money,'' said Dr. Ruth W. Hayre, a retired
Philadelphia school principal who has pledged to finance a college education for
119 sixth graders. ''Blacks need to learn how to earn it, spend it and how to
give it away.''

Mr. Edley said: ''What Cosby did was wonderful because it was a marked departure
from the quiet manner in which black gifts usually come in. Typically, in the
Baptist church, givers march down the aisle and put a contribution up front
where all can see. We need something like that for the United Negro College
Fund, the N.A.A.C.P., the National Urban League and others.''

But Mr. Edley and others made it clear that the range of black philanthropy is
widening. ''We have had extraordinary gifts in recent years,'' he said, adding
that the United Negro College Fund had been helped by entertainers like Lou
Rawls, the singer, who led several annual telethons, and Michael Jackson, who
recently contributed $1.1 million.

Wider Distribution

A number of other black donors are distributing their contributions more widely,
and charities are using more aggressive tactics, as these examples show:

* In New York, Associated Black Charities, a five-year-old federation
representing 59 social welfare and health organizations, has begun its first
direct-mail campaign, sending letters to 30,000 people. ''We're looking for the
Cosby gift to inspire the little guys who can give maybe $500,'' said Livingston
S. Francis, the federation's executive director.

* Reginald L. Lewis, a New York financier who established a foundation in 1987,
recently gave $2 million to Howard University and other black schools in the
United States and abroad. He also says he will contribute money to health and
nutrition organizations and other fields, reflecting ''my multifaceted
interests.''

* In California, Dr. Matthew Jenkins, a prosperous black real-estate broker and
veterinarian, is fulfilling a promise to give Tuskegee Institute 10 percent of
the profits from his practice. He also made the school the beneficiary of a
large life insurance policy.

* In Central Indiana, United Way campaigned among black professionals and
expanded the number of $1,000 givers to 76 last year from 12 in 1983. ''We had
highly respected black men and women doing the asking, and it worked,'' said
Jerry Harkness, the United Way's director of community affairs.

* Members of national black sororities, fraternities and other organizations are
joining forces to raise money for charity. The Links Inc., a service
organization of 7,500 women, initiated a $1 million fund drive for the NAACP
Legal Defense and Educational Fund in October after fulfilling a $1 million
pledge to the United Negro College Fund.

''When asked, black Americans contribute generously,'' said the Links'
president, Regina Jollivette Frazier. ''But I wonder how many are urged to
give.''

Tapping Payroll Deductions

The Joint Center for Political Studies says there is substantial potential for
increased giving through payroll deductions from black employees.

''Contrary to myths that blacks are not givers,'' said Dr. Carson, ''my favorite
figures are 1987 surveys showing 63 percent of blacks and 55 percent of white
employees participated in payroll deductions for charity.''

He added, ''Given the demographics of growing minorities in the work force,
blacks will have an increasingly important say about what gets funded, and they
may be unwilling to fund institutions they feel do not reflect their cultural
interests.''

The 10-year-old Black United Fund, which ran its first fund-raising campaign
independent of the United Way in 23 medical institutions in New York City last
March, said it raised $141,682. ''This was more than twice our proceeds from any
previous campaign in which we participated with United Way running the drive,''
said Kermit Eady, the fund's president.

Matching Contributions

Mr. Edley of the United Negro College Fund said keeping track of alumni is a
logistical ''nightmare,'' because graduates pursuing careers tend to move a
great deal. But he estimated that young executives working in companies that
match their employees' contributions raised $260,000 in 1988.

In New York groups of young investment brokers have joined to provide money and
to volunteer time for the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund and the
National Urban League.

''We come out of backgrounds where giving and serving is a tradition,'' said
Keith Thomas, a stockbroker who helped organize Friends of the Legal Defense and
Educational Fund last summer.

As soon as Darla Sligh, a 23-year-old mechanical engineer, landed a job, she
began sending $25 monthly checks to the National Action Council for Minorities
in Engineering, which helped pay for her education.

''As I earn more, I'll give more,'' she said, ''because Nacme was there when I
needed help.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Bill Cosby (NYT); Reginald L. Lewis, a Wall Street financier
(NYT) (pg. 18)

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              72 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      February 21, 1999, Sunday, Edition 1

FINDING FULFILMENT TEACHING IN D.C.

SECTION: BOD

LENGTH: 659 words


Expatriate sees more opportunity for blacks in Washington, D.C.,
 but he admits there is a downside - the highest murder rate in
 the U.S.
 'To say that whites here have contempt for blacks is maybe too
 harsh, but certainly there's a lack of willingness to understand
 people outside their culture'Dennis Campbell


 There have been a lot of changes in Dennis Campbell's life since
 The Star first profiled him five years ago. He's no longer an
 employment co-ordinator in North York helping young people find
 jobs. In 1994, he obtained a graduate degree in child development
 at Tufts University in Boston, and followed that up by taking his
 masters' degree there three years later. Now 36, he's teaching
 Grade 6 at Sidwell Friends school in Washington, D.C., a private
 Quaker school attended by children of all races. He recently
 spoke with The Star's Donovan Vincent.



 'MY RATIONALE for leaving Canada and coming to the United States is
 based on my view that for higher education, the U.S. is still the
 best place in the world.
 ''I debated pursuing my Ph.D., but I wanted to get back into the
 workforce. Ultimately my goal is to get into child-welfare
 policy, either at the state or federal level.
 ''What have I seen as a black man coming from Toronto to
 Washington? D.C. has the best and worst of the black community.
 There's a lot of old black money here, a lot of wealthy blacks,
 movers and shakers in government and business.
 ''But there's also a downside. D.C. is 70 per cent black, but it
 has the highest homicide rate in the country. Crime here is
 localized and a lot of it is black on black crime.
 ''Still, I came here because I believe there is more opportunity
 as a black person in light of Washington's social, economic and
 political climate. If you have the hustle, drive and have a good
 foundation, and by that I mean a good family upbringing and
 education, then the sky's the limit here[semi] really, the sky is the
 limit.
 ''The opportunity is there for the taking and globally, if you
 are willing to work hard[semi] the only real colour that matters is
 the colour of money.
 ''After that, it's what you do with that money. It's about
 creating a foundation and letting your money work for the black
 community. Anything that assists the black community will assist
 the community at large.

 ''Like many cities in the United States, a lot of Washington is
 divided up along racial lines. There are areas that are
 predominantly white, or black, Italian, Irish, etc. In some
 communities there's a smorgasbord, but on the whole, it's very
 gentrified.
 ''The way black people are viewed here is similar in some
 respects to Toronto, but it's manifested differently. In the
 United States the history is different with slavery and the civil
 rights movement, plus there are 20 million blacks here, whereas
 in Canada they are mostly concentrated in Toronto, with a few in
 places like Montreal and Nova Scotia.
 ''To say that whites here have contempt for blacks is maybe too
 harsh, but certainly there's a lack of willingness to understand
 people outside their culture. There still exists an exorbitant
 amount of ignorance about who African-Americans are, and we're in
 1999, on the cusp of the millennium.
 ''I'm involved in education because that's an area I feel I can
 have influence with kids, but also my colleagues.
 ''Even at a progressive school like the one I'm in, there are
 white teachers who have lowered expectations of young black boys,
 that they'll be underachievers.
 ''I've had to be very vigilant, but also with parents. The
 parents I've dealt with have responded well. I think that's
 because they realize I'm coming from a position of affection and
 love. The message I communicate to them is: 'I want your child to
 succeed.' ''



LOAD-DATE: February 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: AP PHOTO
 AT HOME:
 Dennis Campbell, on the balcony of his Falls Church, Va., apartment, left
Canada to pursue better educational opportunities in the U. S.

                  Copyright 1999 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              73 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 4, 1987, Friday, Final Edition

More Funds Urged for Md. Higher Education;
Black Caucus Downgrades Importance of Administrative Changes

BYLINE: Robert Barnes, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C1

LENGTH: 614 words

DATELINE: ANNAPOLIS, Sept. 3, 1987


The problem with higher education in Maryland is not the system of governance
but rather insufficient money, the Maryland Legislative Black Caucus said in a
position paper released today.

Black legislators called for increased funding for the state's 13 public
colleges and universities, noting that during the past decade the portion of the
state budget spent on higher education has diminished. They also asked for an
additional $ 13 million in financial aid to poor and minority students. But
unlike two other proposals aimed at overhauling Maryland's higher education
system, the black legislators suggested only minor changes in the complex
governance system of colleges and universities in the state.

Del. Howard P. (Pete) Rawlings (D-Baltimore), the chief architect of the plan,
said that educators agree with the black legislators' report. "When you sample
the opinion across the state, they [educators] say the current system . . . has
worked well for this state," Rawlings said at a news conference. "Almost to a
man and a woman, they say that funding is the key problem."

Improving Maryland's system of higher education is slated to be one of the major
issues at next year's legislative session. Gov. William Donald Schaefer has said
repeatedly that he is unhappy with the current organization, with four trustee
boards supervising the institutions and a relatively weak agency overseeing
higher education in general.

A commission appointed by Schaefer's predecessor, Harry Hughes, recommended last
year that one "superboard" be created to govern the state's higher education
system. All but two of the state's university presidents recommended a similar
system to Schaefer earlier this summer.

"We fear that both of these plans would weaken the role of traditionally black
institutions and would thereby nullify the advances made by blacks within the
state system for higher education," the report states.

The state should instead concentrate on spending more money on higher education,
the report states. Rawlings said the proportion of the state's general fund
spent for higher education declined from 13 percent to 10 percent during the
last decade, a decrease of $ 130 million in "constant" dollars. The report urges
the state to make up the difference during the next three years.

And Rawlings said that representatives from the state's four predominantly black
institutions, the NAACP and the Baltimore Urban League agreed at a meeting
Wednesday night that the state should set a goal of dedicating 17 percent of the
general fund to higher education, which is the amount North Carolina spends on
its system. That system is often held up as a model for other states.

The report also recommends the additional financial aid money as a way to help
curb the state's declining enrollment of black students.

Financial aid should be increased by $ 10 million next year, the report states,
which would be more than double the $ 4.7 million offered in 1987. Twenty
percent of the money would go to community college students, and 30 percent to
colleges where 75 percent of the undergraduate students come from low- to
moderate-income families.

It is unlikely, according to legislators involved in the higher education
discussions, that Schaefer will recommend increases in funding without changes
in a system he believes lacks accountability.

"If the governor is saying the only way we'll put more money into it is with a
new program, then fine," said Sen. Decatur W. Trotter (D-Prince George's),
chairman of the black caucus. But he said protection of black institutions and
increasing opportunities for blacks in the system must be part of the plan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              74 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 17, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Colorblind commerce? Internet brings goal closer for black entrepreneurs, but
old issues remain

BYLINE: Doug Levy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1477 words


Dwayne Walker feels it when he walks into a room, what he calls
the "fuzziness," like bad TV reception.

"There's that adjustment thing. You can tell that they're thinking,
'He's black,' " says Walker, 38, CEO of Internet commerce company
ShopNow.com, based in Seattle.

Although Walker is one of only a handful of black CEOs in the
fast-growing Internet world, there are scores trying to join him.
With a record $ 8 billion in venture funding pouring into Internet
companies so far this year -- twice last year's pace --there are
opportunities for anyone with a good idea. And because many of
the newest companies no longer emanate from the giants of largely
white Silicon Valley, they are drawing talented minorities from
more diverse places like Virginia, New York and Boston.


Yet blacks still face some of the same obstacles that have left
them almost invisible in the old-line technology companies and
threaten their ability to capitalize on the Internet dollar boom.

* Silicon Valley, which remains the heart of the Internet
world, is composed of a close-knit network of venture capitalists,
investment bankers and business people who are still inclined
to do business with people they know. Few of them are black. Those
business networks begin in a handful of highly selective graduate
business schools, whose student bodies are predominantly white.
Those networks remain mostly intact as people move from one start-up
company to another.

* The small number of prominent African-American executives
in existing companies means few role models and mentors to encourage
up-and-coming Internet entrepreneurs.

Of 5,326 minority-owned technology companies in California, only
521 are African-American owned, according to Small Business Exchange,
a company that tracks and publishes data on business and minority
opportunities.

Yet Jerry Johnson, a black entrepreneur who runs the exchange,
predicts the numbers will change dramatically in the next few
years.

He says the Internet is leveling the playing field. Increasingly,
"the color issue is out of the picture," Johnson says. "What
determines whether people will do business has to do with what's
on the Web site."

Indeed, Walker, who led the marketing of Microsoft's corporate
operating system and database software business, found venture
capital firms willing to pony up the millions of dollars needed
to assemble ShopNow.com, an on-line shopping site that links 20,000
merchants with consumers. Founded in 1994, it has an IPO pending.
Chase Manhattan recently invested $ 19 million.

ShopNow's customers include Corel software, StairMaster fitness
equipment and Zale's Jewelers. The company's staff produces everything
from Web pages to catalogs and other marketing materials.

"Ultimately, the green thing is bigger than the black thing,"
says Walker. "If I can make them money, they'll get past that
I'm black."

That does not mean that someone who is black can walk in with
a business plan and get an Internet company funded as easily as
someone who is not. As in many other industries, entrepreneurs
shopping business plans around Silicon Valley and other pockets
of venture capital get access to decision-makers largely based
on who they know. One reason so many new tech executives come
from Stanford is that so many old ones graduated from there. Graduates
of Harvard, the University of California-Berkeley and the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology have similarly strong tech networks. Stanford
business school's Class of 2000 has fewer than 11% African-American
students, up from 9% in the Class of 1999.

"It's not like people are excluding blacks, but it's including
people (they're) used to," says Fritz Jordan, an African-American
and a founder of Venture Capital Online, an Internet company that
helps entrepreneurs find the money they need to get started.

Jordan says boosting the numbers of black venture capitalists
will help increase the number of black CEOs.

Frank Levy, a general partner at Wasabi Fund, agrees. "People
in technology are not prejudiced. They're open and tolerant,"
says Levy, whose firm provides seed money for start-up Internet
companies. "But it's easiest to make money with people that you
know," says Levy, who is white. That's why four of the Wasabi
Fund's six investments to date are run by people with ties to
the Harvard Business School, of which Levy is a graduate.

No one in the pipeline

But a dearth of minority computer science, engineering and business
graduates willing to enter the Internet world remains troublesome.

It's particularly dire in California, where the draw of Silicon
Valley is often dampened by the realities of troubled elementary
and high schools.

"It is possible that many African-Americans have been victims
of a bad California education system" that keeps them from getting
into top engineering schools and technical professions, says Tim
Draper of venture capital firm Draper Fisher Jurvetson.

Despite the proximity of technology giants like Intel and Internet
blockbusters like Yahoo, only 19% of Hispanic and 26% of African-American
high school students in surrounding Santa Clara County completed
basic requirements for admission to the University of California
system. The average for all students is 42%, slightly higher than
the 35% average statewide. The rate for whites in Santa Clara
is 50%, and for Asians it's 65%.

But Karen Kerr, a venture capitalist who is black, is encouraged
by students she's seeing in graduate schools around the nation.
"I've seen a lot of would-be CEOs out of business school," says
Kerr, a managing director of ARCH Venture Partners. Internet companies
will have larger numbers of black executives "sooner rather than
later."

The technology industry must assume more responsibility, says
Assistant Secretary of Commerce Larry Irving. He criticizes technology
firms for not actively seeking skilled minority executives from
outside.

"It's not about hiring unqualified people. It's making sure that
how you're defining qualified people is equal," says Irving.
While Internet companies consider non-technical white candidates
for top posts, minority applicants often are expected to have
engineering degrees before getting in the door, he says.

Recruiting challenges

Even those who have a network from graduate school find stumbling
blocks.

Dave Scott, CEO of Internet entertainment start-up NextPlanetOver.com,
hasn't been able to recruit other African-American graduates from
his alma mater, the Wharton School of Business at the University
of Pennsylvania. "We just went from 12 people to 34 people in
two months, and no African-American job candidates passed through
the door," says Scott. He finds many of his counterparts prefer
careers in banking or insurance rather than a risky start-up.

Others, most notably women and technology workers from India,
have set up networking groups. Those organizations pair ambitious
young entrepreneurs with role models, mentors and even venture
capitalists. Women in Technology International holds formal meetings,
links qualified women with companies that are hiring and encourages
technology training programs for women.

The IndUS Entrepreneurs, formed in 1992, is perhaps the most successful
of the minority networking groups, now counting more than 600
members, mostly engineers and business executives who immigrated
from India.

It combines Silicon Valley's tradition of would-be competitors
helping each other create new wealth "and a great and ancient
Indus tradition of mentoring the young ones in trades and arts,"
says Kanwal Rekhi, one of the founders.

"That's the model that all minorities should follow," says Kimberly
Davis, general partner with venture capital firm IDG Ventures.
Davis is among the African-American business people trying to
build a similar networking group for blacks.

Land of opportunity

Brian Reaves, CEO of Beyond Software, which makes programs to
convert corporate mainframe computers to handle Internet commerce,
thinks the Internet provides unparalleled opportunities for all
minorities because there is such a rush for money. "The greed
factor in the Internet takes some of the bias out," says Reaves,
who is black. "Right now it's about, 'Where's the money, and
how fast can we make it?' If you can generate it, you're fine.
If you can't, you're gone, even if you're a white male."

Walker and others say the gold rush for hot Internet businesses
is still on. That, they say, should continue to open doors for
black entrepreneurs.

"Good venture capitalists are colorblind, sex blind and religion
blind," Draper says. "We have to be. Successful entrepreneurs
can come from anywhere."

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Michael O'Leary; Greed is good: 'The green thing is
bigger than the black thing,' says ShopNow CEO Dwayne Walker. 'If I can make
them money, they'll get past that I'm black.'

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              75 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 5, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

BUYING POWER;
Minority groups wielding more money in the market;
Black buying power in Jacksonville second only to Miami.

BYLINE: VICKY ECKENRODE, The Times-Union

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-1

LENGTH: 642 words


Empowered by his post-college paycheck, Andrew Davis finally has his own cash to
burn.

The 24-year-old from West Point, Ga., is working at his first full-time job, and
as a single guy, has money to spend on clothes -- about $300 to $400 a month --
or stereo equipment -- $950 recently for a car stereo system.

"I'm into a lot of electronics like speakers and amplifiers," said the printing
assistant while shopping at a downtown Atlanta mall this week. "With me and my
friends, now that we're working, we're making our own money to spend on
shopping."

But for black consumers, the increase in spending money is not limited to young
men like Davis, who along with other minorities are wielding more money in the
market. While whites hold most of the disposable income nationwide, the buying
power for minorities is expected to grow faster than white households through at
least 2009, according to a study released Wednesday by the University of
Georgia's Selig Center for Economic Growth.

The report measures buying power, or a person's total income available to spend
on goods and services after taxes, and shows a more than doubling of that money
among blacks, Hispanics, Asians and American Indians in both Florida and Georgia
since the center first began looking at the information in 1990.

In the study, Florida ranks third nationally for Hispanic buying power at nearly
$64 billion in 2004 and fifth in black buying power at $43 billion. Disposable
income for blacks is larger in Jacksonville than for any other metropolitan area
in the state outside Miami-Fort Lauderdale.

The buying power of blacks in the Jacksonville area has grown 170 percent since
1990 to an estimated $5 billion this year.

Hispanics in the First Coast trail the Miami, Tampa and Orlando areas in terms
of buying power. But at $1.1 billion, Jacksonville has seen significant gains in
the amount of money floating through its Hispanic community with the available
income having grown 256 percent in the past 14 years.

Though the report's tracking period since 1990 includes two mild recessions and
the current soft economy, the overall expansion during the years has influenced
the growth in minority buying power, said Jeffrey Humphreys, director of the
Selig Center.

"That's also created opportunity for those who didn't have, for example,
inherited wealth, that weren't already part of the haves," he said. "Some of it
is just closing the gap as far as per capita income."

Humphreys also attributed population growth and an increase in minority business
owners to the rise in buying power.

Bob Baldwin, manager of the Jacksonville Regional Chamber of Commerce Small
Business Center, said the center is seeing an uptick in the number of minority
small-business owners.

"This year, we had a goal of 40 businesses being created, and we're already at
that number," Baldwin said Wednesday about the center, which sees about 70
percent of its clients come from aspiring black entrepreneurs. "We're seeing
significant activity in area of job creation and business creation."

Humphreys said that advertisers have begun to take notice and tailor their
messages to specific groups to capture more of the growing disposable income.

"All the anecdotal evidence suggests that a portion of the marketing budget is
shifting toward niche marketing and particularly toward niche marketing to
Hispanics and African-Americans," he said.

vicky.eckenrode@morris.com, (404) 681-1701

BY THE NUMBERS

Spending by minority groups

MINORITY BUYING POWER IN 2004 (in millions unless noted):

AREA BLACKS HISPANICS ASIANS

United States $723 billion $686 billion $363 billion

Florida 43.3 billion 63.7 billion 8.9 billion

Duval County 4.5 billion 857 652

St. Johns County 153 101 104

Clay County 241 121 76

Flagler County 117 47 12

Nassau County 67 18 7

Baker County 37 6 1

Source: University of Georgia Selig Center for Economic Growth

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Photo: 0804ATL02-GA-MinorityBuyin BRIAN BASINGER/The Times-Union Jazmine Douglas
of Trenton, N.J., shops at the Balboa store in Atlanta. Douglas, an 18-year-old
college freshman, said she and her friends eat out frequently and spend about
$200 per month on their hair.
Photo: 0804ATL02-GA-MinorityBuying.j BRIAN BASINGER/The Times-Union Andrew Davis
of West Point, Ga., shops at Balboa, an urbanware retailer Tuesday in Atlanta.
Davis, 24, said he spends most of his disposable income on clothes.
Photo: 0804ATL03-GA-MinorityBuyin BRIAN BASINGER/The Times-Union Janice White
Sikes of Atlanta says many of her black friends are becoming more adept at
investing their disposable income rather than spending it on entertainment.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Florida Times-Union


                              76 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 8, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Campaign reform in jeopardy Congressional Black Caucus may oppose finance
overhaul

BYLINE: Tom Squitieri

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 441 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Members of the influential Congressional Black Caucus
are threatening to oppose an overhaul of the nation's campaign-finance
laws, a move that could endanger its passage.

Many caucus members, who will begin reviewing the bill today,
say it would hurt candidates in poor, inner-city districts. Their
dissatisfaction underscores a broader unease with the Senate-passed
legislation among Democrats and organized labor.


"A Republican passing a hat in a country club can make a lot
more hard money than a Democrat talking to regular people," said
Rep. Albert Wynn, D-Md., who chairs a caucus task force on campaign
financing.

The Senate bill, which passed 59-41 last month, would ban unlimited
"soft-money" contributions used by political parties for get-out-the-vote
drives and generic advertising. It also would raise the limits
on "hard money" given by individual donors from $ 1,000 per election
to $ 2,000.

"They cloak it under the name of 'reform,' as if it is going
to be something good for the people, but I challenge that," said
Rep. Earl Hilliard, D-Ala. "This is bad for unions, consumers,
school teachers, soccer moms and any candidate in a poor district."

Among the concerns of black caucus members:

* The soft-money ban would restrict efforts to register,
educate and mobilize voters and to target resources in areas where
blacks face obstacles to voting.

* The increase in hard-money contributions to candidates
would discriminate against office-seekers from lower-income congressional
districts.

All 37 members of the black caucus are Democrats. About half have
said they might oppose the bill. Two of them, representing the
Virgin Islands and the District of Columbia, are not eligible
to vote.

Not all caucus members have concerns about the bill, which might
reach the floor in July. Rep. John Lewis of Georgia, a member
of the party leadership, is a strong supporter. Several others
are co-sponsors.

But the loss of 10 or more African-American lawmakers could lead
to other Democratic defections.

"Many Democrats and Republicans do not really want campaign-finance
changes," Matt Keller of Common Cause said. "Any excuse that
will allow someone to get off this bill is pretty tempting."

A version of the legislation, which included a ban on soft money,
passed the House by a 252-to-177 vote in 1999. All but two black
caucus members supported it at that time; 13 Democrats opposed
it.

House Minority Leader Richard Gephardt, D-Mo., is preparing a
series of meetings with Democrats to head off defections and produce
a united front.



LOAD-DATE: May 08, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              77 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 30, 1997, Monday, Final Edition

Tapping an Uptapped Investment Market; Eugene Profit's Mutual Fund Company Has
Found a Niche Among Black Professionals

Michelle Singletary , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F05

LENGTH: 1253 words


When Eugene A. Profit looks at the growing number of black professionals and
entrepreneurs, he sees money -- theirs and his.

Last fall Profit's Silver Spring company, Investors Research Group, created the
no-load Profit Lomax Value Fund, a large capitalization value stock fund he
hopes will attract black investors in large numbers, particularly affluent
blacks.

And Profit is not alone. While there are only a dozen mutual fund companies
owned and managed by blacks, in just the last year six new funds managed by
black-owned companies have been created with the intention of wooing African
American investors, said Tony Chapelle, editor of Securities Pro, a New
York-based monthly newsletter that reports on black professionals on Wall
Street.

"I think some of this trend is a natural evolution of things," Profit said. "You
have more blacks building up expertise in money management. And, there are many
more African American professionals out there."

The growth of black-owned and managed mutual funds comes at a time when the
industry is exploding. In 1990 there were slightly more than 2,100 mutual funds.
Today the number has almost quadrupled, to 8,300, said Alice Lowenstein,
associate editor at Morningstar Mutual Funds, a mutual fund research report.

With so many mutual funds, finding a niche has become increasingly important,
Lowenstein said. The result has been the boom of black-run mutual funds and
other financial products aimed at blacks.

"I think there is a broader trend, which is affinity group marketing,"
Lowenstein said. "Over the past several years we have not only seen mutual funds
targeted to African American investors but funds targeting other groups. You see
funds for those in favor of animal rights and those for religious groups or
gays. I think the trend reflects the continuing competition in the industry and
a desire to open up new markets."

Investors Research isn't alone in tapping into a traditionally underserved
community. DEM Inc. mutual fund was launched 18 months ago by Nathan A. Chapman
Jr., president and chief investment officer for Baltimore's Chapman Capital
Management Inc. The mutual fund invests in publicly traded companies that are
U.S.-based but controlled by African Americans, Asians, Hispanics and women.

Chapman also offers a private fund for retirement plans seeking access to the
nation's top-performing minority-controlled investment managers.

"Black money managers have a good performance record doing traditional
investing," said Chapman, who added that all the funds, whether offered by his
company or other black-owned firms, want to compete for business with all types
of investors and not just blacks.

"Minority investment management firms are some of the best performers in the
country and our market is not just African Americans," Chapman said. "The broad
market will accept us based on our performance numbers, in addition to very
loyal black investors."

Even some large financial institutions are going after black investors.

In March, Cleveland-based Key Corp. formed a joint venture with the Lakefront
Capital Investors Inc., an African American-owned investment advisory firm. The
mutual fund, called the Victory Lakefront Fund, invests in companies that
support diversity.

The reason for all the interest in the black community is an economic one: It
has been a relatively untapped market for mutual funds, Chapelle said. Studies
have shown that blacks are not investing in mutual funds at the same rate as
white investors, even though their earning power has been steadily increasing;
by 2000, experts say, blacks will have income of $ 500 billion.

Because, historically, the big mutual fund companies have ignored African
Americans, black-owned firms have an advantage, investment experts said.

That marketing edge is not lost on Profit. "You need an ability to garnish some
attention," he said. "We are just trying to be smart in our marketing approach."

But while being black might draw investors to the door, Profit and others said
the mutual funds have to show results.

Randy Gardner, a programming analyst with the Census Bureau, said the fact that
Profit's company is black is a nice plus, but ultimately he is looking for a
good track record.

"The friend who told me about the Profit fund kept talking about that it was an
African American mutual fund," Gardner said. "But you have to show me the
numbers. I don't care if you are blue, I'll invest in your company if you have
good results. I might choose a company because it is black but it still has to
perform."

"In the end, we want people to invest with us because we are going to give them
a good competitive performance," said Profit, 32, a graduate of Yale University
who played one season as a cornerback for the Washington Redskins. After his
professional football career, which also included a stint with the New England
Patriots, Profit was a credit analyst at Chase Manhattan Bank and financial
consultant with Legg Mason Wood Walker in Bethesda.

In just eight months the Profit Lomax fund, with $ 1.3 million in assets and 127
investors, has shown good returns for a start-up, experts said. Since its
inception, the fund has had a return on assets of 17 percent and year-to-date
return of 14.25 percent.

Most important, the mutual fund has one of the best portfolio managers in the
business, investment experts said. Randall R. Eley, who is based in Springfield,
is nationally ranked among institutional money managers.

At the end of last year the investment research guide Nelson Publication ranked
Eley's firm, Edgar Lomax Co., as the fifth best money manager in the nation
among large-cap value funds with an annual return of 22.51 percent. During one
three-year period that ended in March 1996, Eley was ranked by Nelson as the No.
1 money manager in the country in his category.

The Profit fund (Web site: http:www.profitfunds.com) already is attracting
attention. Last week Fidelity Funds Network, a supermarket of mutual funds,
agreed to sell the Profit Lomax fund through its operation. H&R Financial
Services, a Baltimore-based financial consulting company that provides services
to many of the region's most influential black churches, is negotiating to offer
the fund to its clients and their congregations.

What may prove to be Profit's biggest challenge is persuading black investors to
try the stock market, he said.

A survey by Chicago-based Ariel Mutual Funds, a black-owned and managed fund,
found that blacks tend to be more conservative than other investors, choosing to
put their money in savings accounts and certificates of deposit. In 1995 blacks
had $ 20 billion in financial holdings, only 10 percent it in stocks, bonds and
securities, according to Chicago-based research firm Target Market News.

In light of that trend, Profit said he and Eley designed the fund to appeal to
conservative investors by investing in well-known firms that have a market value
of more than $ 1 billion.

Profit said his goal is for the fund to grow to $ 10 million in assets a year
from now. To achieve that goal, Profit said he spends a lot of time educating
potential clients.

"Let's face it, not a lot of African Americans talk about the stock market at
the dinner table," Profit said. "But all they need is exposure to the
information. They have the money, but a lot of it is just sitting there in the
bank."

PROFIT LOMAX VALUE FUND

IN PROFILE (This graphic was not available)


LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, juana arias; Illustration, The Washington Post, Eugene Profit,
seated, founder and president of Investors Research Group, with Michael Simmons,
director of public relations.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              78 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              August 19, 1999, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Players detail cash payments in affidavits

BYLINE: JOANNE KORTH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 697 words



Ex-Gators Kearse, Rutledge say agent Tank Black gave money to them, others.

Former University of Florida linebacker Jevon Kearse admitted in a sworn
affidavit that he accepted monthly cash payments and requested a 1999 Mercedes
from agent William "Tank" Black while playing for the Gators in 1998.

Affidavits given by Kearse and former UF linebacker Johnny Rutledge were used in
May by the University of Florida Police Department to obtain a warrant to search
Black's agency in Columbia, S.C. Sealed for three months, the affidavits were
released Wednesday by South Carolina Judge James R. Barber.

In them, the players tell similar tales.

Both said money from Black was delivered to them by Alfred Twitty, an employee
of Black's Professional Management Inc., with the understanding they would sign
with PMI. Kearse was paid $ 300-$ 400 a month between March and December 1998.
Rutledge received $ 200 a month as a junior in 1997, then $ 600 a month as a
senior in 1998.

More money was provided on special occasions, such as birthday months, or when
the players expressed a specific need, such as rent and furniture. Kearse said
he also requested money for his mother, who received $ 1,200 from Twitty in
March 1998. Rutledge estimated Black paid him between $ 14,000 and $ 15,000 over
an 18-month period.

"The procedure we would use is I would page Twitty at the end of the month and
tell him the money I would need for the next month," Kearse said in his
affidavit. "He would then come to Gainesville and give me the cash."

Kearse and Rutledge could not be reached for comment.

UF police are investigating Black for allegedly giving cash and cars to former
UF players before their eligibility expired, a third-degree felony in Florida
punishable by up to five years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine.

No one has been charged.

Black's attorney, Leonard Mungo, told the Associated Press on Tuesday he
objected to the release of the affidavits because they were filled with lies and
misstatements. Black denies the allegations.

Most of the content of Rutledge's affidavit had been reported in  newspapers and
media outlets, which is why Florida law enforcement officials no longer objected
to the affidavits being released, according to chief assistant state attorney
William Cervone.

It is an NCAA violation for players to accept benefits from agents before their
eligibility expires. University of Florida officials have said they do not
expect trouble from the NCAA because they informed the NCAA of agent activity as
soon as they learned of it.

"Obviously, none of this information is new,"  UF athletic director Jeremy Foley
said of the details in the affidavits. "It represents part of the ongoing
investigation, and until it's all said and done we will not comment on the
specifics."

Kearse confirmed a 1999 Mercedes S600 worth $ 133,500 was provided by Black
after Kearse told former UF players and current Black clients Fred Taylor and
Reidel Anthony specifically which model he wanted. Kearse took possession of the
car at PMI on Jan. 4, 1999, but his name appears on Florida Division of Motor
Vehicles paperwork dated Dec. 31, 1998, three days before he played his last
game for UF.

Rutledge also indicated Black's payments to players were not confined to the
1998 team, saying he  was told former UF players Taylor (1997) and Ike Hilliard
(1996) received cash while in college.

An affidavit from former UF lineman Reggie McGrew was not included in the
paperwork submitted to secure the search warrant, according to Barbara Scott,
Clerk of Court in Richland (S.C.) County. Rutledge's affidavit said McGrew also
accepted money, and that sometimes the money for all three players would be
given to one.

The NFL Players Association filed a disciplinary complaint against Black three
months ago, accusing his agency of making improper payments to former players at
Florida, LSU and South Carolina. Last month, the NFLPA proposed suspending
Black's agent license for three years. Black plans to seek arbitration and has
filed a $ 75-million federal lawsuit against the NFLPA.

- Information from other news organizations was used in this report.


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; William "Tank" Black

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              79 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 2, 1989, Thursday, City Edition

Journalism chair honors black editor

BYLINE: LUCY MORGAN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 636 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



TALLAHASSEE - Back in 1936 a black man didn't even ask about    attending the
University of Florida.

     That was the way things were when Garth C. Reeves went to college.

 His father owned a newspaper, the Miami Times. Reeves wanted to follow    the
family tradition and become a journalist, but he knew better than    to seek
entry to the state's only school of journalism in Gainesville.

     So Reeves did what other black students of his day did. He drove to
Tallahassee and signed in at Florida A&M University (FAMU), where he    majored
in English.

     Florida A&M on Wednesday announced the creation of the Garth C.    Reeves
Sr. Eminent Scholar Chair in the School of Journalism, Media and    Graphic
Arts. As he stood beside FAMU President Frederick Humphries,    Reeves
remembered the day in September 1936 when he came to    Tallahassee.

     "I wanted to study journalism, but the only school that had a    journalism
department was the University of Florida and I couldn't    go," Reeves said. And
now here we are with a chair named in my honor.

 You can understand how humble I feel about this."

     Humphries said the newly endowed chair is the first named for a    black
journalist. The chair was created with $ 600,000 in donations from    many of
the state's newspapers, including the St. Petersburg Times.

 The money will be supplemented with $ 400,000 from a state matching    grant
program.

     Robert Ruggles, dean of the journalism school, said prominent
journalists and scholars from around the country will be brought to
Tallahassee to spend time with students. The university has yet to    determine
who will be invited first.

     Having raised the money to establish the chair, Humphries said the
school's next task is to raise $ 1-million for journalism scholarships    so
FAMU will be "forever rich with outstanding students."

     Reeves, now 69, began working at the Miami Times when he was 10    years
old. He worked through the paper's ranks, moving from    circulation,
advertising and editorial management to publisher. Today    the Miami Times is
the largest black weekly newspaper in the South with    a circulation of 28,170.

 Reeves' daughter, Rachel, is executive editor.

 His only son, Garth Jr., died of cancer in 1982 while serving as    managing
editor.

     The newspaper has led the fight for civil rights in Miami and was    among
those who predicted racial trouble for the city long before riots    broke out
in Liberty City.

     In addition to his role as editor and publisher of the newspaper,    Reeves
is active in community affairs, serving on the board at    Miami-Dade Community
College, Barry University, Bethune-Cookman College    and Florida Memorial
College.

     Reeves is beating the drum for economic development in Miami's    black
community. He said the need for it became apparent when he    discovered that
Miami has 2,000 Anglo millionaires; 1,500 Cuban    millionaires and five black
millionaires.

     After studying the problem, a task force has recommended an    $ 80-million
program to bring major projects to Miami's black community.

     "We've been left out of all of this before," Reeves said. "We    want in.
It's an awful lot of money, but you can't take $ 10-million and    take care of
50 years of neglect."

     If economic development opportunities come to Dade's black    community, it
will mean more money for colleges like FAMU, Reeves said.

     "I feel good giving money to my university," Reeves said. "If it    wasn't
for FAMU, I wouldn't be able to do as well as I did."



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Garth C. Reeves

                            Times Publishing Company


                              80 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              January 17, 2002, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Hilliard testifies agent stole millions

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



The Giants' Ike Hilliard testified Wednesday that his former agent, William
"Tank" Black, stole between $ 1.5-million and $ 2.5-million from him.

The 25-year-old wide receiver said he was one of Black's strongest backers, even
when allegations of fraud began to mount.

Black, 42, and two associates are being tried for allegedly stealing between $
12-million and $ 14-million from clients. He also is accused of illegally giving
money to college players.

Black faces 25 years in prison if convicted.

"I had a firm belief in what he was trying to do," Hilliard testified. "Then
after all of it came to light, I was still one of the last ones to break away
because I didn't want to believe."

Jaguars running back Fred Taylor reportedly lost the most to Black, including a
$ 3-million signing bonus and $ 380,000 received for meeting performance goals.

Jamain Stephens, a Bengals offensive lineman, also testified.

Hilliard said Black handled all of his finances and that he gave Black that
power without question.

The trial started Monday and is expected to last 4-6 weeks.

In June a federal judge in Detroit sentenced Black to 82 months in a federal
prison for a money laundering charge stemming from a drug operation.

ALABAMA: A federal judge in Memphis, Tenn., has refused to dismiss extortion and
bribery charges against a former high school coach accused of receiving $
200,000 for sending a freshman to play for the Crimson Tide. U.S. District Court
Judge Bernice Donald declined to dismiss charges against Lynn Lang, who was
indicted in August on one count of conspiracy, two counts of traveling across
state lines to promote bribery and six counts of using his position to try to
extort money and property. The indictment stemmed from charges that Lang and
former Trezevant High assistant Milton Kirk set out to sell the services of
Trezevant defensive lineman Albert Means. Kirk pleaded guilty in October to
conspiracy.

AUBURN: Coach Tommy Tuberville was given a one-year contract extension.
Tuberville has gone 21-15 in three seasons, taking the Tigers to a bowl game the
past two years. The extension re-establishes the five-year contract he signed in
2000. The Tigers finished 7-5 after losing four of their final five, including a
16-10 loss to North Carolina in the Peach Bowl.

MIDWESTERN STATE: Coach Linwood Ferguson has been suspended for 10 days after
being charged with hitting his wife.

TENNESSEE: Officials sent paperwork to the NCAA to have receiver Donte
Stallworth's eligibility reinstated. Stallworth, a junior, said Jan. 10 that he
would enter the NFL draft. He changed his mind after he sent in his draft papers
to the NFL the next day and asked to have his name removed before the deadline
for entry. Stallworth's name was not on the list released Monday of 37
underclassmen to be included in the draft.  But under NCAA rules, players who
ask to be placed on a draft list are declared ineligible.

PENN STATE: Quarterback Matt Senneca will graduate this summer and won't return
for his last year of eligibility. The school will have three returning
quarterbacks next season: Zack Mills, a redshirt sophomore, and freshmen Chris
Ganter and Michael Robinson.

ROBERT MORRIS: Coach Joe Walton, former coach of the New York Jets, agreed to a
four-year contract extension through 2005.

UCLA: Coach Bob Toledo agreed to a one-year contract extension through the 2008
season. The Bruins went 7-4 record last season, but the team lost four of its
final five and didn't play in a bowl.

USF: Rodney Joyner, a cornerback/wide receiver from Jacksonville Jackson, has
committed, according to Rivals.com. Joyner (5-11, 170 pounds) picked the Bulls
over Southern Mississippi, Boston College and Vanderbilt. He helped Jackson to
an 11-1 record and the second round of the Class 4A state playoffs.

- Times staff writer Pete Young contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Ike Hilliard

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              81 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Washington: Three Hedge Fund Managers Sentenced in Connection with $40 Million '
Black Diamond' Ponzi Scheme

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

On Wednesday, September 3, 2014, U.S. District Judge Robert J. Conrad, Jr.
sentenced three hedge fund managers in connection with a $40 million investment
fraud conspiracy, announced Anne M. Tompkins, U.S. Attorney for the Western
District of North Carolina. Jeffrey M. Toft, 51, of Sioux Fall, S.D., was
sentenced to 66 months in prison followed by two years of supervised release.
Chad A. Sloat, 36, of Kansas City, Mo. was sentenced to 70 months in prison,
followed by two years of supervised release, and Michael J. Murphy, 54, of Deep
Haven, Minn., was sentenced to 48 months in prison, and two years of supervised
release.

Judge Conrad also ordered the defendants to pay restitution to victims as
follows: Toft in the amount of $2,172,666; Sloat in the amount of $3,747,130 and
Murphy in the amount of $2,552,824.30. Sloat was also ordered to pay $93,727 in
restitution to the Internal Revenue Service. A fourth codefendant, Jonathan D.
Davey, 50, of Newark, N.J. is currently awaiting sentencing.

At sentencing, Judge Conrad noted that the callous greed displayed by the
defendants caused devastating financial ruin to hundreds of elderly and
vulnerable victims. Judge Conrad also stressed that the lengthy sentences were
appropriate given the predatory nature of the scheme.

John A. Strong, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), Charlotte Division, and Thomas J. Holloman III, Special Agent in Charge
of the Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation Division (IRS-CI), join
U.S. Attorney Tompkins in making today's announcement.

According to filed court documents and court proceedings, the defendants
operated "hedge funds" as part of a $40 million Ponzi scheme operating under the
name Black Diamond Capital Solutions (Black Diamond). Court documents show that
from 2007 to 2010, the defendants induced their investor victims to turn over
their money by claiming, among other things, that they had done due diligence on
Black Diamond and were operating legitimate hedge funds with significant
safeguards, when, in reality, those claims were false. Court records also show
that as Black Diamond began collapsing, the defendants and others created a new
Ponzi scheme and used a series of separate bank accounts administered by Davey
to further the scheme. Specifically, the defendants deposited new victim money
into these bank accounts and used the money to make lulling payments to other
victims and to fund the defendants' lifestyles.

Toft pleaded guilty in November 2012 to securities fraud conspiracy, wire fraud
conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy. Sloat pleaded guilty in October 2012
to securities fraud conspiracy and Murphy pleaded guilty to the same charge in
January 2013. Davey was convicted at trial of securities fraud conspiracy, wire
fraud conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy and tax evasion. He will be
sentenced by the court at a later date.

Toft remains free on bond and will be transferred to the custody of the Federal
Bureau of Prisons upon designation of federal facility. Murphy and Sloat have
been in federal custody since their bonds were revoked due to bond violations in
March 2012 and August 2013, respectively. All federal sentences are served
without the possibility of parole.

The case is prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Kurt W. Meyers and
Mark T. Odulio of the Western District of North Carolina. The investigation was
handled by the FBI and the IRS.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Three Hedge Fund Managers Sentenced in Connection with $40 Million '
Black Diamond' Ponzi Scheme

LENGTH: 610  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

On Wednesday, September 3, 2014, U.S. District Judge Robert J. Conrad, Jr.
sentenced three hedge fund managers in connection with a $40 million investment
fraud conspiracy, announced Anne M. Tompkins, U.S. Attorney for the Western
District of North Carolina. Jeffrey M. Toft, 51, of Sioux Fall, S.D., was
sentenced to 66 months in prison followed by two years of supervised release.
Chad A. Sloat, 36, of Kansas City, Mo. was sentenced to 70 months in prison,
followed by two years of supervised release, and Michael J. Murphy, 54, of Deep
Haven, Minn., was sentenced to 48 months in prison, and two years of supervised
release.

Judge Conrad also ordered the defendants to pay restitution to victims as
follows: Toft in the amount of $2,172,666; Sloat in the amount of $3,747,130 and
Murphy in the amount of $2,552,824.30. Sloat was also ordered to pay $93,727 in
restitution to the Internal Revenue Service. A fourth codefendant, Jonathan D.
Davey, 50, of Newark, N.J. is currently awaiting sentencing.

At sentencing, Judge Conrad noted that the callous greed displayed by the
defendants caused devastating financial ruin to hundreds of elderly and
vulnerable victims. Judge Conrad also stressed that the lengthy sentences were
appropriate given the predatory nature of the scheme.

John A. Strong, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation
(FBI), Charlotte Division, and Thomas J. Holloman III, Special Agent in Charge
of the Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation Division (IRS-CI), join
U.S. Attorney Tompkins in making today's announcement.

According to filed court documents and court proceedings, the defendants
operated "hedge funds" as part of a $40 million Ponzi scheme operating under the
name Black Diamond Capital Solutions (Black Diamond). Court documents show that
from 2007 to 2010, the defendants induced their investor victims to turn over
their money by claiming, among other things, that they had done due diligence on
Black Diamond and were operating legitimate hedge funds with significant
safeguards, when, in reality, those claims were false. Court records also show
that as Black Diamond began collapsing, the defendants and others created a new
Ponzi scheme and used a series of separate bank accounts administered by Davey
to further the scheme. Specifically, the defendants deposited new victim money
into these bank accounts and used the money to make lulling payments to other
victims and to fund the defendants' lifestyles.

Toft pleaded guilty in November 2012 to securities fraud conspiracy, wire fraud
conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy. Sloat pleaded guilty in October 2012
to securities fraud conspiracy and Murphy pleaded guilty to the same charge in
January 2013. Davey was convicted at trial of securities fraud conspiracy, wire
fraud conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy and tax evasion. He will be
sentenced by the court at a later date.

Toft remains free on bond and will be transferred to the custody of the Federal
Bureau of Prisons upon designation of federal facility. Murphy and Sloat have
been in federal custody since their bonds were revoked due to bond violations in
March 2012 and August 2013, respectively. All federal sentences are served
without the possibility of parole.

The case is prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Kurt W. Meyers and
Mark T. Odulio of the Western District of North Carolina. The investigation was
handled by the FBI and the IRS.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 11, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Gen Y sits on top of consumer food chain;
They're savvy shoppers with money and influence

BYLINE: Jayne O'Donnell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 745 words


Baby boomers have long been the most important generation to marketers because
there are so many and they have so much money. Now, new research shows
Generation Y -- those born from 1982 to 2000 -- are showing clout with car,
clothing and other retail sales that surpass all previous generations.

Online marketing expert Kelly Mooney will release findings at a National Retail
Federation conference today  showing the 13- to 21-year-olds in the group
influence 81% of their families' apparel purchases and 52% of car choices.

Mooney says that at 82 million people, Gen Y is the most influential generation
for retailers because it is bigger than the baby boomers and its members have
spending power and strong opinions at an earlier age.

Mooney's research into the habits of the teens and young adults, which included
interviews and video diaries, shows slow websites, dismissive sales staff and
free shipping that takes more than two days will turn them off to a brand.

These young people also either want merchandise that's cheap or elite, and
retailers in the middle can get lost, Mooney says.

"They are more demanding and more savvy than they feel they're given credit
for," says Mooney, who is speaking at the Shop.org conference in New York. "In
some instances, they think they know more than the person selling them
something."

Retail and apparel stock analyst Jennifer Black says the research tracks closely
with the success of higher-end retailers such as Abercrombie & Fitch and J. Crew
and lower-end ones such as Forever 21, which are all popular with young people.

"The moderate segment is getting more squeezed," says Black, president of
Jennifer Black & Associates. "Girls want to buy something that's special vs.
something that's kind of in the middle."

Black says her 18-year-old son, like a lot of kids his age, will occasionally
shop at thrift stores, even though he doesn't have to.

"It's not because they don't have they money but because they want to save the
money," Black says.

Mooney, co-author of the book The Ten Demandments: Rules to Live By in the Age
of the Demanding Customer, studied 14- to 24-year-olds -- the subset of Gen Y
with the most money -- and found a strong need for "instant gratification and
immediacy."

These consumers will wait just three seconds for a page to download before they
click away, Mooney says. They also process website information five times faster
than older generations.

"They don't distinguish between 'this is the store' and 'this is the website,'"
Mooney says. "They don't have forgiveness that it's just the website."

Consumer psychologist Kit Yarrow says it shouldn't be surprising these young
consumers have an "equal vote in the look and style of the family."

"Gen Y parents tend to be non-authoritarian and value their friendships with
their kids," says Yarrow, a professor at San Francisco's Golden Gate University.
"These parents also prize their own youthful, 'kid-like' qualities."

Mooney and her husband know firsthand what enterprising consumers kids can be.
Their 7-year-old daughter tried to persuade her father to buy a Toyota Scion
after seeing the car and then Googling it. After he told her it wasn't his first
choice, she suggested a Porsche.

Gen Y's retail favorites can differ markedly from those of their elders. Jupiter
Research surveyed consumers who bought products or services online in the past
12 months and found people ages 18 to 24 favored the websites for Best Buy,
Circuit City and eBay more than consumers as a whole. And they were less likely
to shop at the Macy's or J.C. Penney websites than other consumers.

They also like products that let them show some individuality.

Kenny Warren, a 20-year-old student at Southern Adventist University in
Tennessee and a participant in Mooney's survey, says he got his 1993 Honda
Accord in part because the brand had "credibility" but also because Honda makes
it easy to accessorize cars. He's lowered the car, put on new rims and wheels
and changed the exhaust, among other things. And though he has three computers
and a webcam, Warren says he'll shop at thrift stores as long as it "makes me
look good."

Not Micky Osterman, a 16-year-old high school student from Columbus, Ohio, and a
survey participant. She likes high-end brands. "I want a ... midnight blue
Mustang convertible. I want to buy all my underwear at Victoria's Secret. I want
to shop at Polo (and) The Limited. ... I would love a pair of Dolce & Gabbana
sunglasses. And a Coach purse."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Karl Gelles, USA TODAY, Source: Harris Interactive (BAR
GRAPH)
PHOTO, B/W, Greg Sailor for USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W, Kathleen Greeson for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            November 28, 2016 Monday

Only 6- 10% of the black money is kept in cash: Suman Ghosh

BYLINE: Priyanka Dasgupta

SECTION: KOLKATA

LENGTH: 583 words


KOLKATA: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's move to scrap Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes
is creating ripples across the world. Film-maker Suman Ghosh, who is a professor
of economics at the Florida Atlantic University, agrees that there is a good
intention in wanting to flush out black money. However, he finds the manner of
implementation to be rather "strange".Ghosh points out that there have been a
chorus of economists of the stature of Amartya Sen, Larry Summers, Kaushik Basu,
Maitreesh Ghatak, Ruchir Sharma, Jean Dreze, Prabhat Patnaik and others who have
come out against this move. "Given the partisan scenario in the country, the
latter two might be dismissed as leftist economists.

But one can't deny some basic facts," he says. According to him, any economic
policy consists of a larger analysis. "In this case, the benefits are paltry
compared to the humongous costs. The attack of this drive is on the stock of
cash and not the flow. To strike at black money and corruption, you need to
strike at their root causes. Only 6- 10% (estimates vary) of the black money is
kept in cash," Ghosh says from Miami.In a country like India where the informal
sector is so huge and most of the transactions are paid in cash (not black
money), Ghosh thinks that Modi's team didn't "envisage the problem at hand and
the serious negative consequences of his action - particularly on the poor".Yet,
Ghosh doesn't wish to ignore some of the positive outcomes of this move.
According to him, the message to the citizens that black money will be condemned
is a "nice one". "I personally think that the government wants the citizens to
move to a cashless economy (which presumably will have more white transactions)
and this demonetization move is an exogenous rude shock to bring about the
change in habit and attitude to use more electronic transactions," he says.
However, he also adds that it is kind of "na\xEFve" to assume that this will
"bring about a reduction in corruption and black money without concomitant
institutional changes". "That should have been put in place first before
enacting such a drastic move. Nonetheless, I can see that as a possible intent
of the Modi government's move going beyond cynicism. He is basically using the
'attack against black money' as a political communication to engage the citizens
in his move. It is a catchy rhetoric for sure. He has been successful on that
front... given by some of the reactions I am seeing from many walks of life,"
Ghosh adds. Then, he goes on to give an example of a famous novel by the Russian
writer Andrei Platonov called "The Foundation Pit". The plot of the novel
concerns a group of workers living in the early Soviet Union. They attempt to
dig out a huge foundation pit on the base of which a gigantic house will be
built for the country's proletarians. The workers dig each day but slowly cease
to understand the meaning of their work. The enormous foundation pit sucks out
all of their physical and mental energy. Later they find out that it is a huge
grave that is being built where they will be buried. "The reaction of many
people in spite of so much suffering in the name of patriotism and good for the
country reminded me of that novel by Platonov. Of course, the 'grave' comparison
is a bit of a stretch but I wonder if people understand why they are saying so?
Or they have been made to understand certain things by some clever political
marketeering?" he concludes throwing open a question.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                            November 28, 2016 Monday

Only 6- 10% of the black money is kept in cash: Suman Ghosh

BYLINE: Priyanka Dasgupta

SECTION: KOLKATA

LENGTH: 583 words


KOLKATA: Prime Minister Narendra Modi's move to scrap Rs 500 and Rs 1000 notes
is creating ripples across the world. Film-maker Suman Ghosh, who is a professor
of economics at the Florida Atlantic University, agrees that there is a good
intention in wanting to flush out black money. However, he finds the manner of
implementation to be rather "strange".Ghosh points out that there have been a
chorus of economists of the stature of Amartya Sen, Larry Summers, Kaushik Basu,
Maitreesh Ghatak, Ruchir Sharma, Jean Dreze, Prabhat Patnaik and others who have
come out against this move. "Given the partisan scenario in the country, the
latter two might be dismissed as leftist economists.

But one can't deny some basic facts," he says. According to him, any economic
policy consists of a larger analysis. "In this case, the benefits are paltry
compared to the humongous costs. The attack of this drive is on the stock of
cash and not the flow. To strike at black money and corruption, you need to
strike at their root causes. Only 6- 10% (estimates vary) of the black money is
kept in cash," Ghosh says from Miami.In a country like India where the informal
sector is so huge and most of the transactions are paid in cash (not black
money), Ghosh thinks that Modi's team didn't "envisage the problem at hand and
the serious negative consequences of his action - particularly on the poor".Yet,
Ghosh doesn't wish to ignore some of the positive outcomes of this move.
According to him, the message to the citizens that black money will be condemned
is a "nice one". "I personally think that the government wants the citizens to
move to a cashless economy (which presumably will have more white transactions)
and this demonetization move is an exogenous rude shock to bring about the
change in habit and attitude to use more electronic transactions," he says.
However, he also adds that it is kind of "na\xEFve" to assume that this will
"bring about a reduction in corruption and black money without concomitant
institutional changes". "That should have been put in place first before
enacting such a drastic move. Nonetheless, I can see that as a possible intent
of the Modi government's move going beyond cynicism. He is basically using the
'attack against black money' as a political communication to engage the citizens
in his move. It is a catchy rhetoric for sure. He has been successful on that
front... given by some of the reactions I am seeing from many walks of life,"
Ghosh adds. Then, he goes on to give an example of a famous novel by the Russian
writer Andrei Platonov called "The Foundation Pit". The plot of the novel
concerns a group of workers living in the early Soviet Union. They attempt to
dig out a huge foundation pit on the base of which a gigantic house will be
built for the country's proletarians. The workers dig each day but slowly cease
to understand the meaning of their work. The enormous foundation pit sucks out
all of their physical and mental energy. Later they find out that it is a huge
grave that is being built where they will be buried. "The reaction of many
people in spite of so much suffering in the name of patriotism and good for the
country reminded me of that novel by Platonov. Of course, the 'grave' comparison
is a bit of a stretch but I wonder if people understand why they are saying so?
Or they have been made to understand certain things by some clever political
marketeering?" he concludes throwing open a question.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Black's bid to nix remaining convictions fails

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 440 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Conrad Black has lost a bid to have his remaining convictions dismissed on the
basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the former media baron from
hiring the defence lawyers he wanted.

The filing, made last year in a U.S. district court in Chicago, centred around
claims that law enforcement's seizure of $9 million of proceeds from the sale of
his New York apartment left Black without enough money to retain lawyers Brendan
Sullivan and Gregory Craig, who both worked at Williams & Connolly LLP in
Washington.

Black purchased the apartment from his company Hollinger in 2000 for US$3
million and later sold for US$9 million. His lawyers argued that prosecutors
deceived the court to obtain two warrants to seize the assets by concealing
information that would have undermined their case for taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for $9 million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale wasn't
available to Black, his lawyers argued that denied him his right to counsel.

Black said that without the money he couldn't afford the services of the two
high-profile lawyers. Sullivan served as defence counsel for U.S. Marines
Lt.-Col. Oliver North during the Iran-Contra scandal. Craig worked on Barack
Obama's White House Counsel, represented John Hinckley, Jr. when he was
acquitted of an attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan, and represented
Goldman Sachs in 2010.

On Tuesday, Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge who presided over
Black's initial fraud charges, denied the motion.

"It is worth noting that this case was hotly litigated from the beginning," Eve
said in her decision.

"During the course of the pretrial proceedings and the trial, (Black) never
informed the court that he was not represented by his counsel of choice."

The filing accused prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims that Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a purchase
price of $3 million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had paid for it
initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Black, who was released from prison last May, would have been cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his motion was successful.

The initial filing stated that while it was too late to "turn back the clock"
and allow Black access to his chosen lawyers, it was not too late to overturn
his convictions.

Black served 37 months of a 42-month sentence in a Florida prison and returned
to Canada last year under a special temporary permit given that he is no longer
a citizen.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            February 3, 2008 Sunday
                                MANATEE EDITION

Events celebrate the history of blacks

BYLINE: Yvette Kimm

SECTION: B SECTION; Pg. BM4

LENGTH: 644 words


Lillette Jenkins-Wisener, an internationally known musician, is focused on
giving back to her community.

In addition to presenting free concerts in senior care facilities and teaching
up-and-coming musicians in schools and colleges, she started Lillette's
Foundation for the Arts to inspire and support promising performing arts
students.

"This is a new era," Jenkins-Wisener said. "The students don't have much in line
of mentoring and guidance like we did. It's very difficult today; that's why we
are doing all we can to help them along their road to success."

Born in Harlem, N.Y., Jenkins-Wisener quickly mastered the keyboard at age 6.
The classically trained musician studied at New York College of Music, New York
University and Westminster Choir College among other institutions.

As a concert pianist and singer, she traveled the world many times and became
known as the "Queen of the Keys" during her remarkable career.

Jenkins-Wisener will take to the stage for a special concert to raise money for
her foundation's scholarships. In addition to Jenkins-Wisener, the third annual
event Feb. 11 at the Asolo Mertz Theatre, "An Elegant Evening with Lillette"
will feature guest performers that will include scholarship recipients.

"It's going to be a wonderful affair," Jenkins-Wisener said. "We are looking
forward to making sure it's the best we've ever had."

The performers will include the West Coast Black Theatre Troupe and Gocio
Elementary School's Gocio Song & Dance Kids. Gocio's dance team will receive a
donation from the foundation to help support the student's trip to Washington,
D.C., to perform at the John F. Kennedy Center in March.

"They are trying to raise $25,000, so we're doing all we can to help them get
there," said Michele A. Carter of Lillette's Foundation for the Arts.

Acting troupe schedules performances of two programs

The Westcoast Black Theatre Troupe will present two programs this month.

The troupe will stage the classic drama "A Soldiers Play" on Feb. 21 at the
Historic Asolo Theater. It will also present the musical choreopoem "Freedom
Song," which celebrates black history during the civil rights movement, on Feb.
25 at The Players Theatre in Sarasota.

While the productions help to celebrate Black History Month, Nate Jacobs, the
troupe's founder, artistic director and producer, said black history should be
celebrated year-round.

"Although I don't agree that black history should be celebrated only during the
month of February, I feel that we as African-Americans should take full
advantage of this time to encourage our youth and young adults to embrace their
heritage, learn about African-American contributions and culture," Jacobs said.
"Black History Month is a prime time to instill pride into young
African-Americans about their heritage."

Gala dinner and dance will raise scholarship money

The Manatee/Sarasota United Negro College Fund Committee's 24th annual Awards
Dinner at the Sarasota Hyatt on Friday will raise money to provide scholarships
for area students.

"These funds will help deserving students obtain a college education who
otherwise would not have the financial resources to attend college," said Sherry
Priester Paramore, UNCF development director.

Brenda Blalock Belsito, UNCF committee member and co-chair of the dinner and
dance, said she's honored to be a part of such an important fundraising effort.

"Volunteering to raise funds for students of Manatee and Sarasota counties is my
response to the critical need of fulfilling the desire of young men and women
who have the desire of achieving higher education, but are limited because of
fiscal constraints," she said.

This year's gala fundraiser will include a salute to retired educator Dr. Addie
Mitchell and the local chapter of ASALAH, the Association for the Study of
African-American Life and History.

Contact Yvette Kimm at yvettekimm@aol.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 3
 COURTESY PHOTO / WESTCOAST BLACK THEATRE TROUPE The Westcoast Black Theatre
Troupe will present the classic drama "A Soldiers Play" and the musical "Freedom
Song" in observance of Black History Month. A Feb. 11 concert featuring Lillette
Jenkins-Wisener will raise scholarship money. COURTESY PHOTO / WESTCOAST BLACK
THEATRE TROUPE Dr. Henry L. Porter and the Westcoast Gospel Chorus of Florida
will present the "Anthology of Gospel Music" on Feb. 15 and Feb. 16.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 20, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Black Minister Criticized for Taking Corzine's Money

BYLINE: By ANDREW JACOBS

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Sept. 19


The Rev. Reginald T. Jackson knows how to move an audience, whether it is the
parishioners of his congregation in Orange, N.J., or a nation outraged by
allegations of racial profiling on the New Jersey Turnpike.

As director of the Black Ministers Council, which represents 600 churches
statewide, Mr. Jackson's relentless agitation helped spur an investigation into
the systematic stopping of black and Hispanic motorists and led to the firing of
the state police superintendent, Carl A. Williams, for disparaging comments
about blacks.

But Mr. Jackson and the council's reputation as a nonpartisan advocate for
racial justice may have been compromised by the disclosure yesterday that he
accepted money from Jon S. Corzine, the Democratic candidate for the Senate,
four months before giving Mr. Corzine his influential endorsement.

Although Mr. Jackson says the $25,000 contribution helped pay for the opening of
council offices in Trenton, he and Mr. Corzine remained silent when a reporter
asked about such contributions last April. At the time, several ministers
angrily objected to the suggestion that they would accept money from a political
candidate.

No one has accused Mr. Jackson of any wrongdoing, but some black leaders say his
acceptance of Mr. Corzine's generosity could hurt the council's ability to
navigate the state's political waters. Politically savvy but strenuously
independent, Mr. Jackson has been admired for his ability to work with both
Democrats and Republicans.

"It somehow gives the idea that there was a quid pro quo, that political favors
were exchanged for money," said Walter Fields Jr., a former president of the
N.A.A.C.P. in New Jersey who once worked for Jim Florio, the Democrat who lost
to Mr. Corzine last June. "It compromises your ability to speak forcefully.
People look at you cross-eyed."

In a telephone interview from Boston, where he was attending a conference, Mr.
Jackson said he regretted not revealing the source of the donation sooner, but
said he did not because the money came from Mr. Corzine's charitable foundation,
not his political campaign. He also said he feared that disclosing Mr. Corzine's
name might improperly influence some of the 20 council members who later
endorsed him. "In hindsight, I wish I had spoken up sooner," he said.

But he rejected suggestions that the episode would compromise his independence.
"If you take a look at my record, there have been politicians I have been close
to personally and I have supported and endorsed and with whom I later disagreed
with," he said. "I am not for sale. Black preachers are not for sale."

But many of his colleagues said they were troubled by the incident. The Rev.
Calvin McKinney, pastor of Calvary Baptist Church in Garfield and one of the
council members who said he had not accepted money from Mr. Corzine during the
April news conference, said he was angry that he was left in the dark. "I stood
there flat footed, standing my ground, and the two of them didn't tell me," he
said.

Mr. McKinney said he did not think the group's reputation would be harmed by the
episode, however. "If there's any credibility that's going to be shot, it's
probably Reggie Jackson that will face the brunt of it," he said.

In the two years since four unarmed basketball players were shot and wounded by
state troopers on the turnpike, Mr. Jackson, 46, has emerged as the state's most
prominent black leader. He is skilled at dealing with the press and with
politicians, who value his support at election time. "He is probably the top
spokesman for African-Americans in New Jersey," said Richard J. Codey, a state
senator from Essex County. "As far as I'm concerned, he's beyond reproach."

Several ministers and elected officials said they thought excessive attention
had been placed on Mr. Jackson, who they said should be praised for keeping Mr.
Corzine's donation anonymous. Other criticized the suggestion that Mr. Jackson
controls the state's black vote.

"Parishioners aren't going to vote for John Doe because the pastor says so,"
said the Rev. M. William Howard Jr., the pastor of Bethany Baptist Church in
Newark. "That's just not the way it works."

Mr. Jackson suggested that he was being singled out, and asked why other
religious leaders have not been grilled about charitable donations from
candidates. "It's a double standard," he said. "There's a stigma on black
ministers."

That stigma was raised after the 1993 gubernatorial race, when Ed Rollins,
Christine Todd Whitman's campaign manager, attributed her victory to black
ministers who, he said, had been paid to discourage parishioners from voting.
Mr. Rollins boasted that the campaign had secretly spent $500,000 on the effort,
which helped give Mrs. Whitman her narrow margin of victory over Mr.  Florio, a
Democrat. Mr. Rollins later retracted his statement, but it still haunts black
political leaders.

"We just can't seem to escape that age old notion that black ministers can be
bought off," Mr. McKinney said. "I wish it would go away."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 21, 2000, Thursday

CORRECTION:

An article yesterday about the Rev. Reginald T. Jackson, director of the Black
Ministers Council in New Jersey, which has campaigned against racial profiling
by the state police, misstated the number of black and Hispanic men shot and
wounded by state troopers during a traffic stop on the New Jersey Turnpike in
April 1998. It was three, not four.


GRAPHIC: Photo: From left, the Rev. Jesse Jackson, the Senate candidate Jon S.
Corzine and the Rev. Reginald T. Jackson at a June rally. Reginald Jackson
endorsed Mr. Corzine four months after receiving a $25,000 donation from him.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              89 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday

Black loses bid to have some convictions dismissed

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: INTERNATIONAL; LITIGATION; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 419 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Conrad Black has lost a bid to have his remaining convictions dismissed on the
basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" him from hiring the defence
lawyers he wanted.

The filing, made last year in a U.S. district court in Chicago, centred around
claims that law enforcement's seizure of $9-million (U.S.) of proceeds from the
sale of the former media baron's New York apartment left Lord Black without
enough money to retain lawyers Brendan Sullivan and Gregory Craig, who both
worked at Williams & Connolly LLP in Washington.

Lord Black purchased the apartment from his company Hollinger in 2000 for
$3-million and later sold for $9-million. His lawyers argued that prosecutors
deceived the court to obtain two warrants to seize the assets by concealing
information that would have undermined their case for taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for $9-million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale wasn't
available to Lord Black, his lawyers argued that denied him his right to
counsel.

Lord Black said that without the money he couldn't afford the services of the
two high-profile lawyers. Mr. Sullivan defended U.S. Marines Lt.-Col. Oliver
North during the Iran-contra scandal, while Mr. Craig worked on Barack Obama's
White House counsel, and represented John Hinckley, Jr. when he was acquitted of
an attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan.

On Tuesday, Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, who presided over Lord Black's initial
fraud charges, denied the motion. "It is worth noting that this case was hotly
litigated from the beginning," she said in her decision. "During the ...
pretrial proceedings and the trial, he never informed the court that he was not
represented by his counsel of choice."

The filing accused prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims that Lord Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a
purchase price of $3-million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had
paid for it initially, even though its value had appreciated.

Lord Black, who was released from prison last May, would have been cleared of
two remaining fraud counts if his motion was successful. He served 37 months of
a 42-month sentence in a Florida prison and returned to Canada last year under a
special temporary permit. In 2001, he renounced his Canadian citizenship so he
could accept a peerage in the British House of Lords.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Independent on Sunday (London)

                           February 22, 2004, Sunday

AFTER THE GRILLING, BLACK CAN ONLY SIMMER;
 THE FORMER TELEGRAPH' OWNER, CHARGED WITH TAKING MONEY FROM HIS

BYLINE: DAVID USBORNE Conrad Black, left, speaks to reporters on Friday outside
the court in Wilmington, Delaware, after three days of testimony against him
BRADLEY BOWER/AP

SECTION: FOREIGN NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 694 words


He may be Lord Black of Crossharbour in London, but no one in the chancery court
in Wilmington, Delaware, was paying much heed to fancy titles last week. There
were serious financial fraud allegations and the fates of famous newspaper
titles to consider here. And Mr Conrad Black was the man standing accused.

It was Mr Black, according to lawyers for Hollinger International, the media
company that he created, who pilfered $ 7.2m (pounds 3.9m) from its coffers, and
Mr Black who agreed last November to pay it back, but had failed to do so. And
it was Mr Black who had negotiated a secret deal to pass control of its most
valuable asset, the Telegraph Group, to Sir David and Sir Frederick Barclay.
Correct? Correct? Correct?

Not correct, insisted Lord Black, when he took the stand on Friday at the end of
three days of testimony, given mostly by witnesses ranged against him. He had
done nothing wrong. He had been falsely accused by the Hollinger board and if
only the court would listen, it would understand. The money transactions had
been disclosed. His deal with the Barclays was done in good faith. He wanted his
good reputation back.

For almost six hours, Lord Black tried to put his case. He was deferential to
Judge Leo Strine. There was no bombast from the Canadian-born biographer of
Franklin D Roosevelt, although Latin did occasionally creep into his answers. He
was conspicuously uncertain when grilled about documents that he had or had not
signed pertaining to the missing money.

Just twice, the fury inside him simmered at the surface. His disdain for the
chief lawyer for the plaintiffs, Martin Flumenbaum, was painted all over his
face. Didn't Mr Flumenbaum understand that whatever else had happened, he had
built Hollinger into a great company that made shareholders rich? That the
Barclay deal would make them rich?

"Does that give you the right to steal other people's money?" the lawyer shot
back.

Lord Black glared and his lawyers barked, "Objection!" It was close to the end
of the day, and perhaps Judge Strine was weary of Lord Black, or of the case
entirely. But he looked up from the bench and, without taking a breath, replied,
"Over-ruled!" It seemed he was giving little leeway to the defendant.

Indeed, the judge twice intervened to press the peer on his answers. Why,
exactly, had he chosen to tell nobody at Hollinger about his impending deal with
the Barclays? Why had he waited to present it as a fait accompli - Lord Black's
own words - when it was already done and signed?

Judge Strine had been less harsh on the other witnesses. He listened in silence
as Richard Breeden, the former chairman of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, repeatedly asserted that Lord Black's money had been ill-gotten and
that the deal with the Barclays was his attempt to "get out of Dodge". He said
nothing when Ray Seitz, a former US ambassador to London, accused Lord Black of
"classic self-dealing".

For three days, in this tiny courtroom in Wilmington - a town of zero glamour,
where half of America's largest companies are incorporated because of the
state's favourable laws - the whole, astonishing mess of the Hollinger
International affair was laid out, skinned and dissected. Now it is over, and
Lord Black must await the ruling of the judge.

That will come quickly. Indeed, Judge Strine has only until Friday to decide
whether to uphold the suit brought against Lord Black. If he does, the board of
Hollinger will be free to adopt a "poison pill" plan to deflect the deal with
the Barclays, due to close in the first week of March. In that case, the future
of the Telegraph titles will again be in the air. And there may be no rescuing
the reputation of Conrad Black.

Conversations outside the court on Friday evening revealed a consensus among
observers that the day had not seemed to go well for the embattled peer. There
had been occasional sniggering in the overflow courtroom next door, which was
connected to the proceedings by closed-circuit TV, when he had given some of his
answers. Lord Black was, of course, unaware of that second audience, which was
surely a good thing.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Independent Print Ltd


                              91 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 10, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

Rollins: GOP Cash Suppressed Black Vote;
Manager Says Whitman Campaign Paid N.J. Ministers, Democrats

Thomas B. Edsall, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 665 words


Republican political consultant Edward J. Rollins said yesterday that the
successful gubernatorial campaign of Christine Todd Whitman in New Jersey spent
roughly $ 500,000 in "walking around money" largely to suppress black voter
turnout.

Rollins, who managed the Whitman campaign, said much of the money was paid to
politically active African American ministers and to city Democratic political
workers. In both cases, the recipients, whom Rollins declined to identify, were
asked to minimize or stop get-out-the-vote activities in behalf of Democratic
incumbent Gov. Jim Florio.

"We played the game the way the game is played in New Jersey," Rollins told
reporters at a breakfast discussion of political matters. "To a certain extent,
we suppressed their [the Democratic] vote."

Rollins, who is well-known as an unusually forthcoming political operative,
said:

"Here is how we used it [the walking-around money]. We went into the black
churches and basically said to ministers who had endorsed Florio: 'Do you have a
special project [that needs financial support]? We see you have already endorsed
Florio. That's fine. But don't get up in the Sunday pulpit and preach. . . .
Don't get up there and say it's your moral obligation to vote on Tuesday, to
vote for Jim Florio." Asked how the payments were made, Rollins said, "We made
contributions to their favorite charity."

In addition, Rollins said, the Whitman campaign approached workers for black
mayors who were unhappy with Florio and said, " 'How much have they paid you to
do your normal duty? We'll match it, go home, sit and watch television,' and I
think to a certain extent we suppressed their vote."

Whitman campaign spokesman Carl Golden said neither he nor Whitman has any
knowledge of payments made to suppress the black vote: "To my knowledge, I am
not aware of anything like that, the campaign was not doing anything like that.
The candidate, and now governor-elect, is not aware of anything like that."

Historically, walking-around money has been used to pay precinct and poll
workers in the final weeks of a campaign to get out the vote, not suppress it.
Through the mid-1970s, for example, statewide candidates in Maryland routinely
made walking-around payments of $ 5,000 to $ 50,000 to political clubs in
various sections of Baltimore in an effort to guarantee maximum vote turnout.

The legality of the tactics described by Rollins is uncertain. A Justice
Department spokesman said, "The matter has not been brought to our attention [as
a formal complaint] and we therefore could not comment on it."

Support for Florio in traditionally Democratic black areas was lukewarm, Rollins
said, and the effort to keep black turnout down played to a receptive audience.
Exit polls conducted for the television networks indicated that 8 percent of the
New Jersey electorate was black, 87 percent white, and the rest Latino, Asian
and other groups. The black vote was solidly in Florio's camp, 75 percent to 25
percent, although the advantage was well below the 90 to 10 ratio seen in many
other Democrat-Republican contests.

A spokesman for Florio, who lost by just under 40,000 votes out of 2.4 million
cast -- 1,224,578 to 1,184,728 -- voiced outrage over the tactics Rollins
described.

Noting that a federal judge in 1981 barred the Republican National Committee
from using voter intimidation tactics, Jon Shure, director of communications for
Florio, said the walking-around payments described by Rollins "sound like a
sweeter way to accomplish the same goal: if not to intimidate people, at least
to find some other way to depress turnout." Shure said he did not know whether
the payments were legal.

In 1981, the RNC agreed in federal court in Newark to "refrain from undertaking
any ballot security activities [the use of uniformed and/or armed guards at
polling places, for example] in polling places or election districts where the
racial composition of such districts is a factor."


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, ACCORDING TO EDWARD J. ROLLINS, THE CAMPAIGN'S "WALKING AROUND
MONEY" WAS ROUGHLY $500,000.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              92 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 May 18, 2000, Thursday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Taylor and Hilliard suing Black

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 697 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



Jaguars running back Fred Taylor and Giants wide receiver Ike Hilliard are suing
sports agent William "Tank" Black, claiming he defrauded them out of millions of
dollars.

The lawsuit mirrors somewhat federal criminal charges that Black and his
associates defrauded Taylor and Hilliard, said Miami attorney Lance Harke, who
filed the lawsuit Wednesday in federal court.

Named as defendants are Black, James A. Franklin Jr., Alfred Twitty, Lisa Adams,
Professional Management Inc., Professional Managing Consulting Inc., P.E.
Communications Inc., Jimmy B. Roof, Robert C. Ellenburg, Roof and Ellenburg LLC,
Richard Homa, and Cash 4 Titles Inc.

Franklin is an attorney for PMI. Adams is a PMI employee and Twitty served as a
runner for Black.

Calls to Black and other defendants were not immediately returned.

"They were caught in a complicated scheme," Harke said.

The suit claims Black and his associates invested millions  of the players'
money in phony schemes, diverted money to offshore bank accounts, and
misrepresented investments.

The lawsuit claims Black gained control of the players' lucrative contracts
through his Columbia, S.C., based agency.

Harke said attorneys still have not determined how much money Taylor and
Hilliard lost, "but it is in the millions."

The lawsuit claims Black and Franklin convinced Hilliard to liquidate the $
1.1-million stock portfolio he purchased for his retirement and invest in Cash 4
Titles Inc., a title loan company based in Atlanta. Black's agency was retaining
40 percent of the monthly return on clients' investments, according to the
lawsuit.

The lawsuit also said Taylor, on Black's advice, invested $ 3.4-million,
including $ 2.4-million of the first payment of his signing bonus.

Black's trial on the criminal charges is scheduled to begin June 5.

Black also faces a civil action filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission,
charging him with defrauding his clients of at least $ 5-million in investment
scams.

Black became the center of an investigation by University of Florida police last
spring for possible illegal inducements to former university players.

COWBOYS: Receiver Joey Galloway has apologized to owner Jerry Jones for a
weekend party in West Virginia that got out of control.

A party Galloway was hosting at a Wheeling, W.Va., hotel erupted into a brawl
early Sunday. The party was to celebrate Galloway's $ 42-million dollar
contract. No arrests were made and Galloway was not involved in the fight.

DOLPHINS: Wide receiver Oronde Gadsden's agent, Michael Todd, said his client
will sign a revised injury waiver today, allowing Gadsden to participate in
off-season workouts. Todd said coach Mike Wannstedt told him the team would
begin negotiations on a long-term deal next week.

An agreement was reached with guard Mark Dixon on a three-year deal that could
be worth more than $ 3-million. The deal won't be finalized until after June 1
because of salary-cap considerations. Dixon, 29, said he was willing to trade a
year of restricted free agency and a year of unrestricted free agency for some
security.

FALCONS: Third-round choice Mark Simoneau, a linebacker, and seventh-rounder
Darrick Vaughn, a cornerback, agreed to three-year deals. That leaves only one
of the team's six draftees unsigned.

JETS: Defensive tackle Richard Seals, the team's seventh-round pick, agreed to
terms.

RAMS: Super Bowl MVP Kurt Warner was released from the hospital after an
appendectomy. Contrary to early reports, Warner was not rushed into emergency
surgery and was able to drive himself to the hospital.

JAGUARS: Seventh-round picks Rob Meier and Shyrone Stith were signed. Terms were
not disclosed.

NINERS: General manager Bill Walsh and Jim Steiner, the agent for receiver Jerry
Rice, said they had made significant progress in working out a new deal after
meeting for 2 1/2 hours.

While the sides were closing in on a more salary-cap friendly contract for Rice,
37, the future of quarterback Steve Young, 38, is still up in the air.

Walsh said Young continues mulling over whether to resume his career and
probably won't make a final decision for at least several more weeks.


LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Tank
Black; TOUCHDOWN!: Brett Favre strikes a familiar pose with long snapper Rob
Davis after completing a pass in the end zone at Packers camp.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              93 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Weatherford Democrat (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            June 25, 2008 Wednesday

Former associate calls on Black's victims: Mississippi businessman asking for
North Texans to speak up

BYLINE: Phil Riddle, Weatherford Democrat, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 483 words


Jun. 25--Admitted swindler Oscar Black not only has the law on his trail, he has
a former business associate who wants his alleged victims to speak up.

Bud Cervantes of Hattiesburg, Miss. said he hopes anyone who lost money to Black
will contact the Assistant United States Attorney of the Northern District of
Texas with details of the loss before his Sept. 2 sentencing.

Black's Mississippi cattle company went belly-up in the 1980s, leaving debts in
the millions of dollars according to bankruptcy court documents.

"I have seen so many people in this country hurt the same way folks out there
were hurt," Cervantes said. "The older people probably won't ever get their
hard-earned money back. If the situation is the same there, their children may
have to pay banks to save family farms and ranches. There have been lives ruined
financially and mentally."

In a similar scenario in Weatherford, Black, who ran a cattle operation and a
mortgage lending brokerage as well as offering investment advice, reportedly ran
out on millions of dollars in debt.

Among those who filed charges of theft against Black, is local resident Charles
Burkhalter, who lost $150,000 he and his wife planned to use for retirement. He
was on hand in May when Black pleaded guilty to felony mail fraud in U.S.
District Court.

"I think he ought to rot in prison," Burkhalter said. "you try to save for
retirement, and then...it's gone."

According to reports, Black had offered high returns on investments, then used
the money to fund his own businesses and as collateral against personal bank
loans.

When the cattle business declined, Black was unable to repay investors.

A plea agreement signed by Black would require him to pay back more than $3.6
million in restitution to 17 individuals, including nearly $600,000 to
Weatherford's First National Bank, where he served on the board of directors.

Cervantes said he hopes Black's apparent pattern of deception will stop in
Texas.

"All these individual people from Parker County will be a big help to (Assistant
U.S. Attorney Jay) Weimer," he said, "As I understand it, a judge would really
like to hear from those individuals in their own words. Please tell them it is
their money Black is using to defend himself."

Anyone wishing to relate a loss to Black may contact Jay S. Weimer by mail at
United States Attorney's Office, 801 Cherry Street, Suite 1700, Fort Worth,
Texas, 76102.

Black faces up to 20 years in prison and a fine of as much as $250,000.

To see more of the Weatherford Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.weatherforddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Weatherford Democrat,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080625-ZQ-Former-associate-calls-on-Black-s-victims-0625

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZQ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              94 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  February 16, 2000, Wednesday, Final Edition

A Targeted Payback; Black Communities in Md. Want More Tobacco Money

Tracey A. Reeves , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1385 words


Prince George's County and Baltimore lawmakers are requesting a greater share of
Maryland's tobacco settlement, joining a bevy of minority communities across the
country that argue they are entitled to more money because tobacco companies set
out to lure blacks into smoking.

The Prince George's legislative delegation is asking for $ 30 million, or nearly
a third, of the roughly $ 100 million that will be available this year for
anti-smoking programs under the state's first installment from the national
tobacco settlement. The City of Baltimore is requesting at least $ 25 million.
Legislators from both jurisdictions say they plan to use the money for
health-related projects that address blacks' higher death rates from
smoking-related diseases, as well as for drug treatment programs.

"If you look at the people who smoke and the people the tobacco companies
targeted, you're talking about Prince George's," said state Sen. Ulysses Currie
(D), chairman of the Prince George's Senate delegation. "That's where the money
should be spent."

Across the country, minority communities are urging their states to commit big
chunks of tobacco money to African Americans. Legislators in Massachusetts,
Mississippi and North Carolina have asked their state legislatures not to ignore
the health problems African Americans have suffered as a result of being
targeted by cigarette makers.

In Ohio, for example, a messy debate is brewing over complaints that not enough
of that state's $ 10 billion settlement is going to minority health concerns.

And in Indiana, the director of a minority health coalition has asked the state
to set aside 15 percent of its $ 4.2 billion in tobacco settlement money to be
controlled and distributed by the minority community, which is largely African
American.

"Clearly, it's an area that we, in positions to do so, need to make sure we
address now that the settlement money is coming in," said North Carolina state
Rep. Alma Adams (D). "How else are we going to counter the targeting of our
communities?"

Fearing a dip in sales when studies started linking smoking to lung cancer in
the 1950s, the tobacco industry sought alternative ways to market its product.
Among them was an increased effort to market menthol cigarettes to blacks, many
of whom prefer that type, said Michael Cummings, director of cancer prevention
at Roswell Park Cancer Institute, a treatment center in Buffalo.

Researchers suspect that the cooling quality of menthol allows smokers to inhale
more deeply, causing greater damage to their bodies.

"That's advertising. You market to a certain segment of the population and
target them," Cummings said. "The problem is in the case of cigarette companies,
they were marketing an addictive and dangerous product."

Before states and tobacco companies settled, nearly four out of 10 billboards in
the United States were in black communities, and there were four to five times
as many tobacco billboards in black neighborhoods as there were in white
neighborhoods, according to the American Cancer Society.

Though most of those signs have come down, tobacco companies still spend
millions of dollars a year advertising their products in publications targeted
at minorities.

"I don't know if I smoked because I saw the ads. I do know that they made me
feel a certain way, like I was part of that whole glamour thing," said Suitland
resident Warren Mitchell, who began smoking at 12, working up to three packs a
day of menthol Kools.

But early last year, something happened that made Mitchell, now 57, quit cold
turkey. He noticed a lump inside his mouth. A biopsy revealed the bad news:
cancer.

His doctor, Walter Talbot Jr., was not surprised. An oral surgeon in Suitland,
he has treated dozens of African American smokers.

"I've seen it all," said Talbot, 61. "Cancer of the mouth, lip, tongue, head and
neck. It's all here, and ain't none of it pretty."

Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death among African Americans,
according to the American Cancer Society. African American men, for example, get
lung cancer and die of it far more than whites do, even though they begin
smoking at an older age and smoke fewer cigarettes a day, said a 1999 study by
the Cancer Society.

In addition to the preference for more dangerous menthol cigarettes, blacks tend
to be diagnosed in later stages of the disease and have poorer overall heath.

The numbers are sobering, though not surprising to Prince George's County and
Baltimore, home to the state's largest African American populations. Of the
690,000 people in Baltimore, 65 percent are black, while 60 percent of the
774,000 people in Prince George's are black.

The two jurisdictions have some of the highest cancer mortality rates in the
state and the nation, according to the Maryland health department's Cancer
Registry. Both jurisdictions have lung cancer mortality rates higher than the
U.S. rate of 48.8 per 100,000 for 1996. In 1996, 56 out of 100,000 people died
of lung cancer in Prince George's. In Baltimore, 75 of every 100,000 people died
of lung cancer.

Del. Howard P. Rawlings (D-Baltimore), chairman of the Appropriations Committee,
said he is sympathetic to the need for money to address minority health issues
but called the amount of money Prince George's is requesting "outrageous."

"Prince George's has a robust middle class," said Rawlings, who is African
American. "I think it's a reach for them to say they're entitled to this sum
just because they are a minority community."

Rawlings said Baltimore is more deserving of the money than Prince George's
because its black population is poorer and in greater need.

Gov. Parris N. Glendening (D) has said he wants to spend $ 100 million in the
next decade on anti-smoking efforts in minority communities. The state's share
of the national settlement is $ 4 billion, to be doled out over 25 years.

"Make no mistake about it, the African American community has been targeted by
tobacco companies for addiction, especially African American children,"
Glendening said at an event in December honoring him for his anti-smoking
efforts.

In Prince George's, doctors say they are seeing increasing numbers of cancers of
the mouth, larynx, esophagus, bladder, kidney, pancreas and cervix, all of which
have been linked to smoking.

"I always say that Prince George's and the greater Washington area is one of the
best places to live," said Willie Blair, a Greenbelt surgeon who has treated his
share of smokers. "But it can also be one of the deadliest, particularly when
you factor in things like the high smoking and cancer mortality rates."

Prince George's leaders said they would use part of the $ 30 million to start
programs for pregnant women who smoke to prevent them from delivering babies
with low birth weights. The plan also includes establishing mobile dental and
medical clinics and a pulmonary rehabilitation unit at Prince George's Hospital
Center for people with lung conditions.

The all-black Prince George's Society of Health Professionals, an affiliate of
the National Medical Association, hosted a reception for members of the General
Assembly this week in Annapolis, where they will make their push for $ 7 million
to build a radiation oncology center in the county. The center would provide a
place where Prince George's residents could go for cancer treatments without
having to travel great distances, members say.

"One of the things at issue here is that we have a disproportionate number of
these patients but few places close by for them to get treatment," said Michelle
Thomas, a surgeon and critical-care specialist in Prince George's who is
president of the Society of Health Professionals. "My concern is that we're
seeing more of these cases, yet we are struggling to help them."

Mitchell had to bum rides to the University of Maryland Medical Center in
Baltimore to get his treatment. Although his speech is slurred from the
radiation to shrink his cancerous tumors, he said he would love to go to
Annapolis to lobby for tobacco money for Prince George's.

"What I would tell them is that it might be too late for me," Mitchell said.

But, he said, it's not too late for all the other 12-year-olds who may be just
beginning to light up.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              95 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                       March 3, 2000 Friday Final Edition

Agent on trial for fraud wins freedom on bond

SOURCE: AP

SECTION: Sports; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 463 words

DATELINE: Gainesville, Fla.

A judge released indicted agent William (Tank) Black on $1-million bond
Thursday, but not before prosecutors said he was a target of an investigation
into a multimillion-dollar federal drug case in Michigan.

Further spoiling the agent's victory, NBA star Vince Carter of the Toronto
Raptors suspended his relationship with Black pending the outcome of the
criminal money laundering and fraud case.

After the 9 1/2-hour bond hearing, Black walked out of the courtroom smiling.
Asked for any comments, he said: "Nothing, only that I'll see you all when court
starts."

Still, the day could not be construed as a good one for the South Carolina-based
agent, who is accused of scamming former clients, most of them NFL players, out
of millions of dollars.

Carter's announcement further punctured a once-thriving business that now is
nearly devoid of big-name clients.

"I support Tank and his efforts to bring these matters to an early and
successful resolution," Carter said. "Tank is a good friend and advisor and I
wish him the best.

"However, I feel I must take this action in the best interest of my overall
career."

Carter said he won't entertain any proposals from other agents until Aug. 1.

"This will allow me to focus on my game and what is best for my team without
undue distractions," Carter said.

Assistant U.S. attorney Jerry Sanford signaled more legal troubles for Black by
using evidence gathered from an unrelated federal investigation in the Detroit
area to try to prove Black was a flight risk. Sanford said Black and his
associates played a key role in helping drug traffickers launder money and
escape the country.

"That man has been virtually a liar, cheat and thief for the last three years,"
Sanford said, his arm extended, pointing directly at Black. "He has lied to
clients, stolen from players. He has no sense of integrity and no sense of
honour."

IRS criminal investigator Kevin Boudreau testified about Black's alleged money
laundering, saying one witness had heard the agent ask for a 25 per cent fee to
"help you clean your money."

Also at issue were two overseas business trips Black and business associate
Linda Wilson took with the alleged drug traffickers.

The first trip was to Rio De Janeiro in February 1998 so purported drug dealers
could search for real estate.

The next came two months later to Jamaica with two fugitives who filled the
small jet with luggage and still haven't returned to the United States.

"How you can make a business trip with someone with all that luggage and not
have more insight into the person, I don't understand," said U.S. Magistrate
Gary R. Jones.

Black's lawyer, Peter George, claimed his client didn't know the travel partners
were drug traffickers or fugitives.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Crime

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Deposits Surge at Black-Owned Banks After Celeb Appeals

BYLINE: John Reosti

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 1 No. 139

LENGTH: 795  words


He may be called Killer Mike, but he's been a savior for these banks.

Executives at several minority-owned community banks nationwide, including
OneUnited Bank in Boston and Carver Federal Savings Bank in New York, say they
have received a windfall of deposits in recent weeks, coinciding with the
introduction of the Black Money Matters Project.

"I've been in banking since 1989 and I've never experienced anything like this,"
said Thomas McLaurin, chief operating officer at the $389 million-asset
Industrial Bank in Washington, D.C.

The project is not associated with the Black Lives Matter activist movement,
although the two groups share similar goals. Michael Render, who performs under
the name Killer Mike, and Usher Raymond, who goes by his first name, recently
urged African-Americans to open accounts at black-owned or black-operated banks
and credit unions as a way to support the black community. Killer Mike and Usher
have also led an account-opening drive at the $404 million-asset Citizens Trust
Bank in Atlanta.

Since the account drive, Citizens Trust has received more than 8,000 new-account
applications.

For some of these banks, the deposit surge amounted to a case of extremely good
timing.

The $622 million-asset OneUnited in April announced plans to close two
California branches for financial reasons, and it still has about $12 million in
outstanding shares in the Troubled Asset Relief Program. But since the Black
Money Matters effort began, OneUnited has brought in about $3 million in
deposits, said President Teri Williams.

"We've seen a big influx of applications online, and the lines have been out the
door" at the bank's Los Angeles branches, Williams said. "We're talking about
what our staffing needs are going to be going forward. We didn't see this
coming."

OneUnited has introduced a promotion called "Black Bank Challenge," urging
individuals to open a checking or savings account and to ask 20 friends and
associates to do the same. Williams' ultimate goal is to collect $100 million,
which she admits is a longshot. The bank will host a rally at a branch in the
Crenshaw neighborhood of Los Angeles on Saturday.

"We're using the $100 million figure as an example of what's possible," Williams
said. "We want the community to think about depositing money. It not only earns
interest, it serves a community purpose. It helps buy homes, increase jobs,
start businesses and reduce unemployment. Anyone interested in helping the
African-American community can deposit."

OneUnited plans to use some of the deposits to expand some of its existing
programs through the Treasury Department's Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund, such as mortgage lending and affordable housing projects in
predominantly black and Hispanic neighborhoods.

The $754 million-asset Carver on July 15 said it would restate its results for
its fiscal year 2015, which will likely result in a loss for the year. But
deposit-gathering is another story, as it has collected about $2.4 million in
new deposits since the Black Money Matters movement started, Blondel Pinnock,
chief lending officer, said in an email to American Banker.

"We attribute this growth to the deep relationships we have built with our
customers and community partners at a time when messages of social justice,
community, and diversity have taken on renewed importance," Pinnock said.

At Industrial Bank, "account opening volume has increased exponentially," CEO
Doyle Mitchell wrote in a recent letter to depositors. In tracking new accounts,
Industrial's bankers have noticed that many have increased the size of their
balances in recent days, McLaurin said.

Industrial has beefed up its back-office operations to deal with the increased
traffic and is considering extending its customer-service hours, McLaurin said.

"This is a wonderful experience to go through," he said.

African-American credit unions don't seem to be enjoying the same benefits, at
least to this point. Only a handful of credit unions have reported deposit
increases, said Timothy Anderson, chairman of the African American Credit Union
Coalition. But it would be a good thing for credit unions to experience a
deposit surge, he said.

"We don't want to seem like we're capitalizing on unrest, but we do have credit
unions that could benefit from new deposits," said Anderson, who's also chief
executive of the $40 million-asset Government Printing Office Credit Union in
Washington.

Bankers appreciate the enthusiasm generated by the Black Money Matters movement,
but they also acknowledge that advances in financial technology has also played
a big role.

"Before, people literally had to go to the branch for the bank to gather money,"
Williams said. "With technology, garnering spending power and channeling it is
easier."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               americanbanker.com

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Deposits Surge at Black-Owned Banks After Celeb Appeals

BYLINE: John Reosti

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 795  words


He may be called Killer Mike, but he's been a savior for these banks.

Executives at several minority-owned community banks nationwide, including
OneUnited Bank in Boston and Carver Federal Savings Bank in New York, say they
have received a windfall of deposits in recent weeks, coinciding with the
introduction of the Black Money Matters Project.

"I've been in banking since 1989 and I've never experienced anything like this,"
said Thomas McLaurin, chief operating officer at the $389 million-asset
Industrial Bank in Washington, D.C.

The project is not associated with the Black Lives Matter activist movement,
although the two groups share similar goals. Michael Render, who performs under
the name Killer Mike, and Usher Raymond, who goes by his first name, recently
urged African-Americans to open accounts at black-owned or black-operated banks
and credit unions as a way to support the black community. Killer Mike and Usher
have also led an account-opening drive at the $404 million-asset Citizens Trust
Bank in Atlanta.

Since the account drive, Citizens Trust has received more than 8,000 new-account
applications.

For some of these banks, the deposit surge amounted to a case of extremely good
timing.

The $622 million-asset OneUnited in April announced plans to close two
California branches for financial reasons, and it still has about $12 million in
outstanding shares in the Troubled Asset Relief Program. But since the Black
Money Matters effort began, OneUnited has brought in about $3 million in
deposits, said President Teri Williams.

"We've seen a big influx of applications online, and the lines have been out the
door" at the bank's Los Angeles branches, Williams said. "We're talking about
what our staffing needs are going to be going forward. We didn't see this
coming."

OneUnited has introduced a promotion called "Black Bank Challenge," urging
individuals to open a checking or savings account and to ask 20 friends and
associates to do the same. Williams' ultimate goal is to collect $100 million,
which she admits is a longshot. The bank will host a rally at a branch in the
Crenshaw neighborhood of Los Angeles on Saturday.

"We're using the $100 million figure as an example of what's possible," Williams
said. "We want the community to think about depositing money. It not only earns
interest, it serves a community purpose. It helps buy homes, increase jobs,
start businesses and reduce unemployment. Anyone interested in helping the
African-American community can deposit."

OneUnited plans to use some of the deposits to expand some of its existing
programs through the Treasury Department's Community Development Financial
Institutions Fund, such as mortgage lending and affordable housing projects in
predominantly black and Hispanic neighborhoods.

The $754 million-asset Carver on July 15 said it would restate its results for
its fiscal year 2015, which will likely result in a loss for the year. But
deposit-gathering is another story, as it has collected about $2.4 million in
new deposits since the Black Money Matters movement started, Blondel Pinnock,
chief lending officer, said in an email to American Banker.

"We attribute this growth to the deep relationships we have built with our
customers and community partners at a time when messages of social justice,
community, and diversity have taken on renewed importance," Pinnock said.

At Industrial Bank, "account opening volume has increased exponentially," CEO
Doyle Mitchell wrote in a recent letter to depositors. In tracking new accounts,
Industrial's bankers have noticed that many have increased the size of their
balances in recent days, McLaurin said.

Industrial has beefed up its back-office operations to deal with the increased
traffic and is considering extending its customer-service hours, McLaurin said.

"This is a wonderful experience to go through," he said.

African-American credit unions don't seem to be enjoying the same benefits, at
least to this point. Only a handful of credit unions have reported deposit
increases, said Timothy Anderson, chairman of the African American Credit Union
Coalition. But it would be a good thing for credit unions to experience a
deposit surge, he said.

"We don't want to seem like we're capitalizing on unrest, but we do have credit
unions that could benefit from new deposits," said Anderson, who's also chief
executive of the $40 million-asset Government Printing Office Credit Union in
Washington.

Bankers appreciate the enthusiasm generated by the Black Money Matters movement,
but they also acknowledge that advances in financial technology has also played
a big role.

"Before, people literally had to go to the branch for the bank to gather money,"
Williams said. "With technology, garnering spending power and channeling it is
easier."

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AMERICANBANKER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      July 7, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

Maine Hockey Coach Walsh Has Cancer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 799 words


Shawn Walsh, who built the University of Maine into a college hockey power and
coached the Black Bears to two national championships, has kidney cancer.

Walsh, 45, temporarily plans to cut back on his speaking engagements,
administrative duties and other tasks away from the team while recovering, the
school said in a statement yesterday.

"The world is full of people who have had to face challenges like this one,"
Walsh said. "It's a battle I have to take on and I am prepared to do so,
thankfully with the support of my family and friends." . . .

A jury awarded $ 24.5 million to a former hockey player who claimed his name was
stolen for use in a popular comic book series.

Former St. Louis Blues winger Tony Twist sued Todd McFarlane, creator of the
"Spawn" comic book and HBO cartoon series, on the grounds that the mobster
character "Antonio Twistelli" was named after him without his consent.

The St. Louis Circuit Court jury agreed with Twist and awarded him the money. A
marketing consultant who testified during the trial suggested Twist could be
entitled to as much as 20 percent of all Spawn revenues of about $ 120 million.

McFarlane, of Phoenix, said he would appeal. Otherwise, he said, the award could
put him out of business.

Co-defendant HBO settled with Twist at the trial for an undisclosed sum. . . .

The Philadelphia Flyers re-signed right wing Rick Tocchet to a two-year contract
and signed defenseman Michael Sykora to a multiyear deal.


Courts

Football Players Sued

An off-duty police officer beaten unconscious outside a Hoboken, N.J., bar has
sued Penn State quarterback Rashard Casey, Syracuse safety Keeon Walker and a
onetime teammate of theirs at Hoboken High School.

Officer Patrick D. Fitzsimmons seeks an unspecified amount of money as
compensation for "severe and painful injuries" that have brought "significant
loss in the quality and enjoyment of his life," according to the lawsuit.

Casey and the third man, Desmond Miller, have pleaded innocent to charges of
aggravated assault. Police said Walker tried to stop the May 14 attack and was
not charged.

The lawsuit, filed June 29, accuses all three men of "maliciously striking and
kicking plaintiff Fitzsimmons repeatedly about the head, face and body."

Casey, a 22-year-old senior, remains on the team pending the outcome of an
investigation by a Penn State judicial review committee, school spokesman
William M. Mahon said yesterday. . . .

Federal authorities seized computers and reams of financial documents from
sports agent William "Tank" Black, who was indicted on money laundering and drug
charges by a grand jury in Detroit.

Investigators searched two Columbia, S.C.-area homes belonging to Black and the
office of World Express International, where they collected records of Black's
management company, Professional Management Inc., according to court documents
filed with U.S. Magistrate Joseph McCrorey.

Linda Wilson, Black's business partner who also was indicted, operated World
Express Travel Inc., a Columbia travel agency of which Black was chairman and
chief executive.

Black, who was arrested Wednesday, is being held until a bond hearing before
McCrorey on Monday. He also faces a federal criminal fraud case scheduled for
trial in Florida in January.

The 34-page indictment said Black was part of a multimillion-dollar Detroit drug
ring. Prosecutors said Black hid dealers' money, moved drugs and helped dealers
hide out of the country.


Sports Business

Denver Sales Completed

St. Louis real estate developer Stanley Kroenke completed his $ 450 million
purchase of the Colorado Avalanche, the Denver Nuggets and the Pepsi Center only
10 weeks after the deal was announced.

Kroenke, a Wal-Mart heir, owns 40 percent of the St. Louis Rams.


Swimming

Swiss Go 1-2 in 800

Training partners Flavia Rigamonti and Chantal Strasser gave Switzerland its
first 1-2 finish at the European championships, in the women's 800-meter
freestyle in Helsinki.

Rigamonti was timed in 8 minutes 29.16 seconds. Strasser finished in 8:31.36.

Stev Theloke of Germany set the first European record during the meet with a
time of 25.60 seconds in the men's 50-meter backstroke, a non-Olympic distance.
It was .03 seconds faster than his previous mark, set three weeks ago in Berlin.

Beatrice Caslaru of Romania and Yana Klochkova of the Ukraine broke the
19-year-old championship record in the women's 200 medley. They turned in
identical times of 2:12.57 to share the gold.


Olympics

Drug Probe Ended

Australia's Olympic Committee abandoned an inquiry into systematic doping of
elite athletes after one day when Werner Reiterer, the discus thrower who raised
the allegations, refused to give names to investigators.

LOAD-DATE: July 07, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              99 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 27, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Investor Put Pennsylvania School Assets at Risk, Officials Say

BYLINE: By LESLIE EATON

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 560 words


School districts across Pennsylvania face the loss of more than $70 million that
they invested with a financial adviser who secretly ran up big trading losses,
Federal regulators said yesterday.

The school districts, about 75 of them, had invested more than $233 million with
the adviser, Devon Capital Management, which is run by John Gardner Black from
Tyrone, Pa., according to a complaint filed yesterday in Federal district court
in Pittsburgh by the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Judge William L. Standish issued a temporary restraining order against Mr. Black
and his firm and separately froze his assets.

The amount of money that the school districts will be able to recover remains
unclear, said Richard L. Thornburgh, a former United States Attorney General and
former Governor of Pennsylvania, who was appointed by the court to serve as
trustee for the schools' assets.

"Our job is to minimize whatever losses there may be," said Mr. Thornburgh, now
a partner based in Washington with the law firm of Kirkpatrick & Lockhart of
Pittsburgh.

A woman who answered the telephone at Devon Capital Management said that Mr.
Black had left for the day and that no one was available to answer any
questions. Telephone calls late yesterday were not returned by either Mr. Black
or a lawyer who has represented him.

About the same time, Federal officials were still notifying the school districts
of the problem, and school administrators could not be reached for comment. Mr.
Thornburgh said he hoped to have a preliminary meeting with local officials next
week and would provide a status report to the court next month.

The school districts, including those of Bethlehem, Lancaster and Beaver Falls,
invested with Mr. Black money that they had raised by selling bonds -- usually
for construction projects -- but not yet spent, according to the complaint filed
by the securities commission. They were reportedly promised that the principal
would be safe.

But in 1995, Mr. Black, who has been an investment adviser since 1989, lost at
least $50 million from trading securities, according to the commission. He tried
to cover up the losses by sending the school districts false monthly statements,
the complaint said.

It said he had also carried on his books a bond he said was worth $83 million.
Two independent investment banks said it was worth $14 million at most, said
William R. McLucas, director of enforcement for the commission.

The securities commission's complaint also contends that Mr. Black took about $2
million that belonged to the schools districts and used it to pay his expenses.

Despite such problems, Mr. Black continued to solicit school districts for more
money; indeed, according to the complaint, his firm "must continue to attract
new funds for investment in the program in order to fulfill its entire
obligations to current advisory clients."

The situation appears to be similar to the case of Steven D. Wymer, a California
investment adviser who promised small cities that he would put their money in
conservative investments but secretly racked up losses that ended up costing the
governments more than $90 million. In 1993, Mr. Wymer was sentenced to 15 years
in prison.

"The difficulty of these cases," Mr. McLucas said, "is the harm you have to
public money, public investors and ultimately taxpayers."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              100 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 5, 1994, Saturday

Campaign '94 Street money: Both parties spread it among black voters Mark
Sherman STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section B; Page 5

LENGTH: 590 words


The Democrats last month paid $ 30,000 to a firm with no offices that lists a
mail drop on Monroe Drive as its place of business.

The company, Concerned Community Development Corp., is owned by a black
political consultant, Munson Steed, who is helping carry on a tradition in
American politics - last-ditch efforts to get out the vote.

Critics refer to the money paid to boost black turnout as "street money" or
"walking around money" because it often is distributed in small cash payments
that are nearly impossible to track.

State party chairman Ed Sims said Democrats don't do that. "There's no street
money that the Democratic Party is paying out in 1994," Sims said.

But the only specific example he could give of Steed's work is the printing of
T-shirts. Steed did not return repeated telephone calls for this article.

Paying for turning out voters is a sensitive subject for both parties. Georgia's
Republicans have drawn most of the attention this year because of their
agreement to pay the company of Democratic state Rep. Tyrone Brooks of Atlanta $
52,000 to drum up support for Republican gubernatorial nominee Guy Millner. The
disclosure of the agreement came as Brooks was crossing party lines to endorse
Republican gubernatorial nominee Guy Millner.

Those types of payments have drawn increased interest since last year's
governor's election in New Jersey, when Republicans were alleged to have paid
black leaders to discourage black turnout.

But it is the Democrats who are the primary practitioners of spreading money to
maximize black turnout because black voters have long been a crucial
constituency for Democrats. That is no less true this year for the party and
Gov. Zell Miller.

Rep. Calvin Smyre (D-Columbus), chairman of the Democrats' statewide coordinated
campaign, refused to say how much the party would spend this year. But Brooks,
although he is working with the Republicans, put the figure at upward of $
300,000.

The civil rights activist knows about this kind of thing because he most
recently worked for the Democrats.

His political consulting company was paid $ 50,000 by the state party and Sen.
Wyche Fowler Jr.'s campaign to lure people to the polls for the Senate runoff
election in 1992.

" 'Street money' is a bad term," Brooks said. "It's campaign funds to mobilize
your troops and give you exposure just like it is when they write checks to buy
ads in your newspaper and put commercials on television."

He also described how the money is typically spent: "When we hire people, we
usually have to pay them by cash. Most of these people don't write checks. But
we will send the party a bill to say, 'This is how we dispersed your funds.' "

Political parties often are a good conduit of money to get out the vote because
they can receive and spend huge amounts of money on behalf of a slate of
candidates, whose members, unlike the parties, are individually subject to
contribution limits.

For example, Columbus-based AFLAC, the insurance company, has given more than $
50,000 to each of the parties.

Because the money typically is dispensed on or just before Election Day, it is
difficult to say how much is being spent until months after the election.
Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell paid $ 100,000 in street money to aid his election
last year, $ 75,000 of it in cash payments of $ 100 or less, according to his
campaign finance reports.

A Campbell aide, Michael Langford, this year is helping the state Democratic
Party with its activities to maximize turnout in Fulton County.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943110113

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              101 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 12, 1994, Monday

YOUR MONEY Black women need more financial expertise, author says

BYLINE: By Gertha Coffee STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 703 words


Black women can play a larger role in dealing with some of the country's
economic ills by learning more about personal finance and then sharing that
information with others in the African-American community.

So says investment adviser Cheryl D. Broussard, author of "The Black Woman's
Guide to Financial Independence: Money Management Strategies for the 1990s."

"We've done really wonderful in terms of establishing social groups," said
Broussard, who will speak in Atlanta on Saturday at a financial strategies
workshop for black women. "But we need to get past the social and focus on the
economic."

Black women can't afford not to do that, experts say.

Broussard points out that:

The number of black women who are heads of households is increasing. Nearly half
of all black households are headed by females.

Black women who work full-time earn about 64 cents for every dollar earned by
white males, and 90 cents for every dollar earned by white females.

Black children in female-headed households are far more likely than white
children to live in poverty.

To combat such problems, black women need to stretch every dollar by developing
better money-management skills, said Broussard, a principal in Broussard &
Associates, an Oakland, Calif.-based investment firm. And to do that, more
expertise is needed.

"African-American women typically aren't sought out as clients and customers" by
financial planners, said Shirley McCrary-Simmons, an Atlanta lawyer who will be
talking about estate planning and taxation at the seminar.

"We, as a people, haven't been educated about planning, period," she said. In
fact, many black people are first-generation savers and investors who may not
know where to turn for information.

"Some white people are born into estate planning," McCrary-Simmons said. "But
financial planning isn't about the size of your estate. It's about control of
your assets.

"Many of us are underinsured, don't understand our retirement plans and have no
wills. We need to prevent these problems so we can have funds to pass on to the
next generation, in the best possible manner."

According to Prudential financial services representative Cherilynn Castleman,
who also will be speaking at the seminar, there are four steps to financial
independence:

Set your goals.

Review your current situation.

Develop a game plan.

Take action.

Saturday's workshop is sponsored by the Georgia Association of Black Women
Attorneys, which hopes to make it an annual event. Topics that will be discussed
include debt management, estate and tax planning, insurance and saving and
investing strategies.

One way to invest is through local investment clubs.

"It's an affordable way to save money through reasonable monthly investments,"
said Julie MTW Foster, an Internal Revenue Service tax attorney and president of
an Atlanta investment club for black women.

"An investment club creates a network among women of different professions,
social and economic backgrounds toward a common goal - wealth. It provides a
forum to learn how to make money in different financial markets."

Her group, the Atlanta Women's Investment Club, was started in January 1990 with
13 black women. Each invested $ 500, for a total of $ 6,500. Four years later,
the value of the portfolio is $ 60,000, Foster said.

"Individually, none of us would have accumulated this wealth," she said.

Another way to accumulate more wealth, Castleman said, is to restrict spending.

"Some African-American women have the appearance of wealth," she said. "But they
acquire material goods that don't generate income. I attribute that to lack of
knowledge."

She said one of the best ways to interrupt this pattern of consumerism is to
learn to pay yourself first - by regularly saving and investing.

Sponsors say the seminar will be especially attractive to black women because
the speakers are all African-American females.

"We have our common experience to draw on that makes it more real to them,"
McCrary-Simmons said.

The seminar, "She Means Business," will be Saturday from 9 a.m. to noon at the
Embassy Suites Hotel near the Atlanta Airport. There is a $ 25 registration fee.
For more information, call 816-1779.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942580209

GRAPHIC: Color photo: Julie Foster (left), Cherilynn Castleman (center) and
Shirley McCrary-Simmons will be part of a financial seminar for black women /
RENEE' HANNANS / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              102 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 30, 1996, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

CHRIS ROCK STRETCHES THE LIMITS

BYLINE: Dunkor Imani

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 455 words


CHRIS ROCK

Westport Playhouse, Saturday, Aug. 24

PAINFUL, biting political-social commentary with an urban spin has always been
Chris Rock's trademark. And in this election year, he has become as hot, topical
and controversial as the issues he addressed in his comedy routine Saturday
night at Westport Playhouse.

For Rock, who reported live for "Comedy Central" from the Republican National
Convention in San Diego, no subject or topic seems off-limits. Take abortion. He
rhetorically asked whether women have a choice in the lives of their unborn
children. Then he pointed to the stupidity of the system.

"Women need the right to make the choice," he said. "Well, where's the choice?
It's $ 5,000 dollars to have the child and only $ 200 to have an abortion. What
kind of *#%*know, Roe vs. Wade is really Broke vs. Paid. A woman has to look at
her budget and go: 'Let me see. Are we going to have children or cable?' "

The heart of Rock's act is discussing the differences between black people and
white people - and between black people and black people.

"It all comes down to racism - and money," said Rock. "Blacks don't got s-. Even
blacks with money don't got money like white people. Hell, if Bill Gates woke up
with Oprah's money, he'd jump out the *#hite man wrote the check: 'Here you go,
Shaq. Go buy yourself a bouncing car.' "

There's intra-racism, too, according to Rock.

"Who's more racist, black people or white people?" he asked.

"Black people," he said, answering his own question. "Because we hate black
people, too. See, there's black people and then there's n-. A n- will spend $
300 on a pair of shades when he knows good and well that his rent is $ 350."

Then, in lightning-fast time, he slid right back to poking fun at whites for
their awkward dancing:

"Listen, white people, just because they canceled 'American Bandstand,' don't
y'all come over on 'Soul Train' trying to mess our show up."

For those who've never seen Rock's routine, no doubt his handle on the issues of
the day came as a shock. But he's always been an intelligent, up-on-it comic.
Not all his bits are great, and he tends to muffle the microphone on some lines,
making it hard to hear. However, at age 29 and after 10 years of riffing, Rock's
rolling, as new people discover that here's a comic with something to say.

Opening the show was Mario Joyner, former host of MTV's "Yo MTV Raps." His
intelligent musings kept the audience laughing and thinking about lines like:

"The stewardesses on airplanes always tell you to sit down on the plane. Why? Is
that because the pilot can't see or something: 'Hey, man. You need to sit down
back there. I'm trying to back up. And your head's in the way.' "

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - Chris Rock

TYPE: REVIEW MUSIC

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              103 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 12, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

You know, black void doesn't make sense

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTS FORUM; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 990 words



Re: A black void, John Harris' column, April 29.

    You read John Harris' column, A black void among the agent ranks, and you
know.

    You know it doesn't make any sense.

    You know Team Rocket got as much for Ismail as they could because 10 percent
of a large number is also a large number.

    You know he'll miss out on mass marketing in this great country of ours.
Just ask Air Jordan.

    You know $ 8-million would keep his family from pinching pennies and
clipping coupons just about as well as $ 18.4-million.

    You know Ismail, the money-grubbing African-American athlete, at $
18.4-million in four years, will make more money than this money-grubbing
Judeo-American doctor will in over 20 years and without government intervention.


    You know the amount of money most athletes make is obscene.

    You know who cares if there are no black agents?



I'll bet Ismail doesn't.
  David J. Lubin, M.D., Tampa
 Reader praises Fry,
 NASCAR coverage


    I just wanted to commend your paper on the excellent NASCAR racing coverage
you have had this season. Darrell Fry's knowledge of racing and the insightful
articles are a most pleasant change from the past material off the "wire."

    Keep up the good work and again, thanks, Darrell.
  J. . Caton, St. Petersburg
 More wanted on WLAF, Minnesota teams


      How about more coverage on the WLAF, including listing them Fridays in the
weekend TV highlights?

    Also, as former Minneapolis residents, we look forward to any Minnesota
sports news.
  Leno M. Nordquist, Seminole
 Here's how you can
 obtain Kelly autograph


      I am interested in obtaining an autographed picture of Jim Kelly, the
quarterback for the Buffalo Bills, as a gift for one of my fanatic friends.
Please help me with an address, phone number, etc., if possible.
 Grace E. Messick,
 St. Petersburg
 You can request an autograph of Kelly by writing to the Buffalo Bills, One
Bills Drive, Orchard Park, N.Y. 14127. Or call the team at (716) 648-1800.
 Writer missed mark
 on youth triathlon


    It's too bad that Times staff writer Mike Sappington was sent to report on
the St. Anthony's Youth Triathlon held in downtown St.  Petersburg on Saturday,
April 27. It was quite apparent from his article in the (regional) sports
section April 28 that he was not the parent of a participant in the race, nor
did he understand the spirit of the event.

    Although Sappington was not even sure the Youth Triathlon should be
classified as a "race," a great number of our children worked very hard to train
for this event. Sappington did not mention that North Shore Pool is also the
home of the St.  Petersburg Aquatics swim team, which had a number of
participants in the "race." Coach Fred Lewis of SPA deserves a great deal of
credit and praise for his efforts in helping the  swimmers train and place

    For most of our children, this was probably the first time they participated
in such an event, and they should all be highly commended for doing so. No
matter how bad a day your writer had, it is our job as adults to praise and
encourage a child's motivation, determination and enthusiasm to participate in a
challenging event such as this. The support and encouragement of parents and
adults is a must for our children to exist and thrive in today's world. Next
time, send a writer who understands that.
 Chris Cahill, St. Petersburg
 Stewart, not Wayne,
 was a true hero


   Symptomatic of the American public's willingness to adopt cardboard heroes is
John Wayne, a fake who never heard a shot fired in anger, was held in contempt
by most real soldiers, yet presumed to have qualifications to become Secretary
of Defense under Ronald Reagan whose credentials were equally suspect.  The pity
is that Americans would have applauded such a choice.

    As for Mr. Mizell's column, those of us lucky to know the 445th Bomb Group's
Jimmy Stewart at Tibenham, in East Anglia, before he moved up to Wing, admired a
modest, friendly, competent officer who insisted on taking his turn on all
missions. A fine pilot, Col. Stewart flew B-24 Liberators, not B-17s. His
unadulterated record, for one, ought to make Americans ashamed of their weird
preference for those film phonies who managed comfortable billets or, even
worse, escaped service entirely, then pretended otherwise.
 Clem Scerback, Seminole
 Florida team should
 be called "Summer'


    With a Florida city a near certainty to land a Major League team, it is time
to seriously consider only one nickname for the fledgling St. Petersburg, Miami
or Orlando baseball club, and that name is the "Summer."

    News media across the country could refer to the players as the "Boys of
Summer." During the cold northern days of early April or late September, the
opposing teams could always look forward to the "Summer" arriving in a few days.


    If the team lost a close game in extra innings, the loss could be called a
"Summer bummer." A young rookie phenom with promise would be called a "Summer
comer."

    If a player made numerous errors, he could be called a "dumber Summer," and
a pitcher with a blazing fastball could be said to throw a "Summer hummer."

    As you can see, the possibilities seem unlimited, as in the case of new
players coming and going in an "endless Summer."
 Jack Kaplan, St. Cloud
 SPORTS FORUM
 Share your views in the Times' Sunday Sports Forum. Letters should be 150 words
or less and must include the writer's name and hometown. Letters will be edited
for brevity and clarity. The Forum also welcomes your questions. We will try to
find answers and publish them. Address: Sports Forum, P.O. Box 1121, St.
Petersburg, Fla., 33731. Correspondence also may be sent by facsimile to (813)
893-8675.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              104 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           August 15, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

'Criminal proceeds' sought; U.S. wants to seize millions from Black, Hollinger

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO - U.S. prosecutors are looking to seize more than $16.9 million in
"criminal proceeds" from former press baron Conrad Black and two Hollinger
executives following their fraud convictions.

In a document filed Monday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois, prosecutors claim that Black, Jack Boultbee and Peter Atkinson are
liable for the forfeiture of proceeds from the "U.S. community newspaper fraud
scheme," and requested court permission to recover part, if not all, of the
money from Black, either as traceable proceeds or substitute assets.

The prosecutors said financial records and other documents show that Black spent
millions of the proceeds from the non-compete scheme on his second-floor New
York apartment and his Palm Beach, Fla., mansion within weeks of the funds being
deposited in his account.

The U.S. government said Black should forfeit money from the sale of his two
properties. The prosecution also listed Atkinson's property in Napa, Calif., as
a means of collecting the forfeiture.

Black cannot argue that the money used to buy and improve his properties came
from legitimate means, such as his non-compete agreement in the sale of CanWest
Global Communications, the prosecution argued in the motion.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 17, 1994 Sunday 1ST EDITION

GOLDEN OPPORTUNITIES Education gets $ 60 million a year from United Negro
College Fund

BYLINE: Jeri Fischer-Krentz, Knight-Ridder News Service

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-29

LENGTH: 1105 words


Bernard Anderson's family pictured him preaching from a pulpit, thundering to
the crowds.

But he needed money for college. His widowed mother couldn't afford to send her
sons to school with no financial help.

When Anderson was a junior at Livingstone College in Salisbury, N.C., that help
came from a new organization known as the United Negro College Fund, which
celebrates its 50th anniversary this year.

Joined forces

In 1944, a group of black-college presidents created UNCF after watching their
small, private schools struggle to stay open. They decided to join forces to
raise money, then share the proceeds.

The idea worked. That first year, they raised $ 765,000 - more than three times
what the colleges had raised separately the year before.

These days, the nation's largest and oldest black educational fund-raising
organization brings in $ 60 million a year. The annual "Lou Rawls Parade of
Stars" telethon has raised $ 109 million in cash and pledges for the fund since
it first aired 14 years ago.

The UNCF has raised $ 800 million since its beginning and expects to pass the $
1 billion mark in the months ahead.

Enrollments at many of the 41 UNCF schools are at all-time highs.

Administrators at UNCF colleges say the fund helps by providing building grants,
teacher fellowships and discretionary money - the toughest money to raise.

"If I had to go out and replace our UNCF dollars, it would be almost
impossible," said Robert Albright, past president of Johnson C. Smith University
in Charlotte, N.C.

The UNCF also provides scholarships for about 2,000 students each year.

Anderson benefited in 1957. He never became a preacher: After majoring in
economics, he went to the University of Pennsylvania's prestigious Wharton
School of Finance and Commerce and later became its first tenured black faculty
member.

Anderson now is assistant secretary of the U.S. Labor Department.

Terrell Byrd benefits today. Raised by his grandmother in inner-city Los
Angeles, he would have needed college loans without the UNCF "Ladders of Hope"
scholarship that pays his way to Johnson C. Smith University.

'Opened doors'

"The scholarship has opened doors for me," said Terrell, 18. "Instead of
worrying about loans, I can concentrate on my studies."

He wants to go to graduate school in history or religion at Duke, Princeton or
Harvard.

Former U.S. Rep. William Gray, UNCF executive director, said that's the whole
point behind the fund.

"This isn't so much about saving schools," Gray said, "as saving kids."

Anderson remembers the excitement UNCF stirred up in the 1950s. He helped spread
the word during Christmas breaks, when he went home to Philadelphia to earn
spending money as a mail carrier.

"As students, we went back to our communities to speak in churches and other
places about supporting the fund," Anderson said.

Historically small

Most UNCF schools, among the 105 historically black colleges nationwide, opened
after the Civil War as small institutions. The early Johnson C. Smith
University, for example, was a single building with two white teachers and a
handful of graduates.

From the beginning, raising money was hard.

"In the 1940s, many (black colleges) were in danger of closing," said Viola
Trent of Greensboro, N.C. "The presidents were going around trying to get loans
and grants and they'd only get little bits because they all were going to the
same people asking for the same thing.

"The leaders could see the United Negro College Fund was a fine proposition and
it took root, even though it was the first organization of its kind in the
country."

Trent's late husband, William, was the first executive director. A graduate of
Livingstone, where his father was president, Trent believed the fund would help
turn schools into "strong citadels of learning, carriers of the American dream,
seedbeds of social evolution and revolution."

He was urbane, sophisticated and eloquent. He and others involved in the fund's
early days got American oil magnate and philanthropist John D. Rockefeller Jr.
to lend his name to the cause.

"Rockefeller could get the big names," Viola said. "People wouldn't turn John D.
Rockefeller down. He would even tell them how much he expected them to donate."

In the '40s and '50s, UNCF money helped students prepare for medical and law
schools when there were few black doctors and lawyers.

Ironically, desegregation hurt many UNCF schools.

In the 1970s and 1980s, when racial barriers began to fall, many black colleges
found their financial futures threatened. Black middle-class families wanted
their children to go to schools that had been closed to them before, Anderson
said. Predominantly white institutions started attracting top black students and
faculty.

"There was a stigma about going to black institutions in the South," said
34-year-old Marla Davis, director of a holistic health education program in
Philadelphia. "We certainly didn't have the facilities that major universities
had. We didn't have the course offerings. And many African-American students
felt they would get a better education elsewhere."

'No options'

When her father drove her the 544 miles to Charlotte to attend Johnson C. Smith
University in 1976, she joined a class of 250.

"In the beginning, black students had no options so they came here," said
Albright at Johnson C. Smith. "After integration, we had to scratch and fight
for students and change our focus."

Albright said UNCF support allowed schools to keep tuition low, which made them
a bargain.

The fund also helped by raising public awareness: In 1971, it introduced its
famous slogan, "A mind is a terrible thing to waste."

Later, it worked to establish matching federal funds for private money raised by
colleges. The bill passed in 1983.

Today, when Davis returns to her alma mater, she sees changes.

Since 1986, enrollments at many UNCF colleges have increased nearly 28 percent
to all-time highs.

Academic leaders see several reasons UNCF enrollments now outpace national
averages.

Parents and students want schools where they can learn more about their
heritage.

Said Albright: "We had a student who said 'At Johnson C. Smith, we don't have to
invent black history month. We have it every week."'

"Young minorities can attend UNCF schools, and they don't have to prove (to)
themselves every day that they are superhuman beings," said Prezell Robinson,
president of St. Augustine's College in Raleigh.

The students also don't have to look hard for role models, Albright said. "They
have a president who looks like them and who comes from the same experiences."

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Denver Post file photo William Gray: 'This isn't so much about
saving schools as saving kids.' The Denver Post/Cindy Enright United Negro
College Fund

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                              July 10, 2015 Friday
                                  Pune Mirror

How black is black money?

BYLINE: Pritish Nandy

SECTION: PRITISH NANDY

LENGTH: 903 words


While we may outrage over black money, we rarely appreciate the reasons why it
exists. The new chief economic adviser cautions against going overboard in our
outrage without tackling the factors that have actually created the black
economy.

Someone has finally spoken wisely. For a while now, we have heard everyone
outrage over black money without offering any real solutions. It began with
Bofors and then, when outrage managed to unseat the well-ensconced Rajiv regime,
everyone saw in black money the perfect device to discredit political rivals.
So, the rant began. The NDA has gone a step further and introduced Draco's code
of laws to tame it.

In such a time, it's heartening to hear the chief economic adviser talk common
sense. Arvind Subramanian has simply said it's a bad idea to talk so much about
something we can do so little about. Every time we beat our chests and howl in
righteous indignation, what we are actually doing is giving India a bad name. We
are not the only country in the world where people evade taxes or sneak illegal
gains out and park them overseas. But, we seem to be the only one to make such a
noise about it without doing anything to set it right.

On one hand, our leaders rant. On the other, our media proudly declaims how more
and more Indians are buying luxury apartments in London and New York, shopping
in Dubai Mall and Bond Street, buying second homes near Lake Como and Montenegro
and playing high stakes poker in Vegas and Macao. Everyone's going on overseas
vacations even as the rupee keeps falling. Everyone's sending off their kids to
fancy schools abroad even though they keep complaining that the economy is
slowing down and reforms are not happening as quickly as promised.

So, let's cut to the chase and ask ourselves: what's the actual problem? Black
money keeps the Indian economy well-oiled and is moving our GDP target closer to
double digits. Is it really such a big issue? Or are we, as usual, just sounding
off? Most economists will tell you that the size of our black economy is big,
but perhaps not as big as we claim it to be. The reason why it exists is also
very simple. Our tax system is deeply flawed and has always been so. In our
effort to bring about social justice, we have traditionally overtaxed a tiny
minority. So, they resented it. The collection machinery also took advantage of
this resentment and ran their own private rackets.

The truth is, it's bad policy that generates black money. No citizen is
criminally inclined, to begin with. We do wrong when we can't afford to do
what's right. In India, the entire focus of the tax authorities is on the 2 to 3
per cent who actually pay tax on their income. Every year, they are squeezed for
more. What about the rest? Look around and you will see the maximum cash
floating around in rural strongholds where the rich pay no taxes. So, they buy
their fancy SUVs in cash. They buy land and homes largely in cash. They do all
their trading in cash. Will you punish them for this? Or concede the fact that a
large number of Indians, particularly those outside the tax net, still swear by
cash.

Is this a heinous crime or does it simply mean that while India may be changing
and pretty much everyone in rural India may have a cell phone or a bank account
today, it's not changing fast enough for all of them to abandon cash for
plastic. No, this is not really about black money. It's about an economy that is
changing at its own pace and refuses to be hurried.

The whole agenda of going after black money, which the BJP president has so
aptly described as a jumla, should have stayed just that: a slogan for election
time. In reality, black money is an intrinsic, real part of our economy. It has
been generated by our own unreasonable and whimsical tax laws. Instead of
blaming citizens, why don't we blame those who made those laws? Under Indira
Gandhi, for instance, the highest taxpayers were asked to pay 98.75 per cent of
their earnings as income tax. Add to that wealth tax, and you had a tax regime
that took away more than you earned. That's how black money grew.

Of course, bribery is wrong. Extortion is worse. But, this can well take place
without generating black money, as we all know. There are creative accountants,
who teach you how to pay or receive bribes without generating black money. To
imagine that all cash is generated by illegal businesses is also a fallacy. It
is often generated by perfectly legal businesses to pay off venal politicians
and greedy government officers striking deals off the books. An ordinary person
buying a flat in Mumbai has to beg, borrow or steal cash to do so. Someone
selling a property has no option but to accept 30 per cent less if he wants his
entire money by cheque. That's how the system works.

We must first correct this system before we punish people for crimes forced on
to them. Our laws must encourage people to switch over (slowly, not through
instant fiat) to an economy where fewer and fewer deals need to be struck in
cash. Incentivise change. The stick won't help. It never does. We need to find
solutions instead of accusing perfectly honest citizens of doing wrong.

We are not a nation of tax evaders. We are a nation that needs to set its tax
laws right. And, that will only happen when those in power decide that we cannot
afford to nurture vote banks by framing unjust laws.

\x95 Write to Pritish Nandy at mirrorfeedback@timesgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 8, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

$11M raised for black churches Replacement buildings are bigger, better

BYLINE: Tamra Fitzpatrick

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1183 words


Charitable groups have raised three times the amount of money
needed to rebuild every black church damaged by arson since last
year.

A USA TODAY survey found $ 6.3 million in losses at the 64 black
churches set afire in the South from Jan. 1, 1995, through July
1, 1996.

Insurance will cover 48% of the total loss, about $ 3 million,
the survey found.

Another $ 3.3 million in damages is not covered by insurance. But
charitable groups have raised more than $ 11 million in cash, goods
and services to rebuild the churches.


The outpouring of generosity has been so great that many congregations
are rebuilding churches that are bigger and better than those
destroyed.

The USA TODAY survey is the first comprehensive look at financial
losses resulting from the sharp rise in black church arsons. The
survey shows that losses have risen each year since 1993, mimicking
the rise in the number of arsons.

Half the black churches struck by arson since January 1995 were
a total loss. Damage was light (less than $ 1,000) at 14% of the
churches.

In many ways, the arsons and the publicity surrounding them have
been a godsend for the churches.

Many churches were old and rundown, with congregations too poor
to pay for repairs, such as fixing leaky roofs. Some churches
lacked heating or indoor plumbing.

The New Liberty Baptist Church in Tyler, Ala., is building a church
five times the size of the old 86-year-old church destroyed by
arson Feb. 28.

The old wooden church, worth only $ 20,000, did not have heat or
plumbing. Electrical wiring was so old that a fuse was taken out
after each service to prevent fire.

But the church's destruction moved so many local residents that
the community is raising money to rebuild a modern $ 100,000 church.

The new church will be made of brick. It will have a bathroom,
a paved parking lot, a wheelchair ramp, even air-conditioning
to compete against the Alabama summers.

"We appreciate all that is being done for our church," says
the Rev. L.C. Pettway, pastor of New Liberty Baptist Church.

By improving the church, the community considered itself as making
a statement.

"We not only want to build the structure of the church back,
but we want it to become a stronger church and reach out to more
people in the community," says Ed Livingston, executive vice
president of South Trust Bank who set up a fund at his bank for
the church.

Some churches are relocating from isolated areas to main roads
so they're less vulnerable to arson. Others are adding rooms for
classes or daycare.

In Greenville, Texas, plans to renovate the century-old Church
of the Living God were started before a fire in June caused $ 50,000
in damage.

The congregation decided to build a new $ 300,000 structure with
classrooms for Sunday school, a parking lot, , a courtyard and
a nicer sanctuary.

"We're not building a shrine," said Chris Kilmer, chairman of
the building committee. "The church was in need of repair before
the fire. The timing was right."

The charitable groups are supportive of the churches improving
their condition.

The National Council of Churches has raised $ 8.7 million, more
than any other group. So far, it's distributed $ 1.4 million to
14 churches.

The churches have been humble in asking for money, said Carol
Fouke of National Council of Churches. Most underestimated their
need.

Building codes and other regulations make building churches more
expensive today. Also, the National Council wants all the churches
to have central heating, indoor plumbing and parking lots.

"We're not talking extravagant. We're talking basics," Fouke
says.

The National Council also wants churches to install alarm systems
and, in some cases, security cameras. "We're not just rebuilding,
but we're making sure they don't burn down again," Fouke said.

Insurance pays only to replace the damaged church, not to improve
it.

"That's fine for them to rebuild bigger and better but insurance
isn't for that," says Pat Moreland of Church Mutual Insurance
Company, which insures 63,000 churches.

Private donations, helped by a few bank loans, are financing the
expansions.

Dozens of groups are raising money to rebuild black churches.
After winning the Olympic gold medal in basketball, the "Dream
Team" donated their prize: $ 15,000 each.

Some money of the surplus money will go to rebuild churches outside
the South or to churches that were victims of other hate crimes.

The National Council of Churches has set aside 15% of its money
for programs to improve race relations.

A USA TODAY investigation published in June found a wide variety
of motives behind the fires. Most were unsolved. Only a few were
clearly racial.

A white volunteer firefighter is charged with burning New Liberty
Baptist. Race is not believed to be a motive.

Livingston, a white banker, started the effort to rebuild the
church in part to send a message that black churches are not burned
with impunity in the South anymore. The response to his fund-raising
effort was generous, he says.

"It's amazing -- all the bad associated with what happened and
all the good that came from it," he says.


Arson damage per church: $ 102,035

The amount of arson damage to black churches in the South has
increased sharply since 1993, matching the rise in the number
of fires, a USA TODAY survey found. The average loss per fire
was $ 102,035. Insurance covered 48% of the loss in the 64 fires
since January 1995, USA TODAY found.

Damage in Southern states

State-by-state analysis of damage from Jan. 1, 1995, to July 1,
1996, ranked by total damage:

                               Average      Total
State              Arsons      damage       damage
Tennessee            8        $269,375    $2,155,000
South Carolina      10        $115,300    $1,153,000
Texas               11         $76,323      $839,550
Virginia             2        $212,500      $425,000
Florida              3        $129,100      $387,300
Alabama              7         $87,500      $525,000
Mississippi          7         $56,157      $393,100
North Carolina       8         $40,636      $325,090
Georgia              1         $70,000       $70,000
Louisiana            7          $8,866       $53,200
Arkansas             0              $0            $0
Total damage
Year      Damage
1993    $1,403,175
1994    $2,206,500
1995    $2,729,050
1996(1) $3,597,090

1 -- first six months of year

Note: Amount of damage not available for one church in Alabama
and one in Louisiana

LOAD-DATE: August 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Genevieve Lynn, USA TODAY, Source:USA TODAY research(Map,
bar graph); PHOTO, b/w, Marc J. Kawanishi, The Montgomery Adviser; Alabama
prayer: The Rev. L.C. Pettway hugs Ed Livingston of South Trust Bank during
groundbreaking for New Liberty Church.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              108 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday
                                Bangalore Mirror

How black is black money?

BYLINE: Pritish Nandy

SECTION: VIEWS

LENGTH: 890 words


While we may outrage over black money we rarely appreciate the reasons why it
exists. The new Chief Economic Adviser cautions against going overboard in our
outrage without tackling the factors that have actually created the black
economy

Someone has finally spoken wisely. For a while now, we have heard everyone
outrage over black money without offering any real solutions. It began with
Bofors and then, when outrage managed to unseat the well ensconced Rajiv regime,
everyone saw in black money the perfect device to discredit political rivals. So
the rant began. The NDA has gone a step further and introduced Draco's code of
laws to tame it.

In such a time, it's heartening to hear the Chief Economic Adviser talk common
sense. Arvind Subramanian has simply said it's a bad idea to talk so much about
something we can do so little about. Every time we beat our chests and howl in
righteous indignation, what we are actually doing is giving India a bad name. We
are not the only country in the world where people evade taxes or sneak illegal
gains out and park them overseas. But we seem to be the only one to make such a
noise about it without doing anything to set it right.

On one hand our leaders rant. On the other our media proudly declaims how more
and more Indians are buying luxury apartments in London and New York, shopping
in Dubai Mall and Bond Street, buying second homes near Lake Como and
Montenegro, and playing high stakes poker in Vegas and Macao. Everyone's going
on overseas vacations even as the rupee keeps falling. Everyone's sending off
their kids to fancy schools abroad even though they keep complaining that the
economy is slowing down and reforms are not happening as quickly as promised.

So let's cut to the chase and ask ourselves: what's the actual problem? Black
money keeps the Indian economy well-oiled and is moving our GDP target closer to
double digits. Is it really such a big issue? Or are we, as usual, just sounding
off? Most economists will tell you that the size of our black economy is big but
perhaps not as big as we claim it to be. The reason why it exists is also very
simple. Our tax system is deeply flawed and has always been so. In our effort to
bring about social justice, we have traditionally overtaxed a tiny minority. So
they resented it. The collection machinery also took advantage of this
resentment and ran their own private rackets.

The truth is, it's bad policy that generates black money. No citizen is
criminally inclined, to begin with. We do wrong when we can't afford to do
what's right. In India, the entire focus of the tax authorities is on the 2 to 3
per cent who actually pay tax on their income. Every year they are squeezed for
more. What about the rest? Look around and you will see the maximum cash
floating around in rural strongholds where the rich pay no taxes. So they buy
their fancy SUVs in cash. They buy land and homes largely in cash. They do all
their trading in cash. Will you punish them for this? Or concede the fact that a
large number of Indians, particularly those outside the tax net, still swear by
cash.

Is this a heinous crime or does it simply mean that while India may be changing
and pretty much everyone in rural India may have a cell phone or a bank account
today, it's not changing fast enough for all of them to abandon cash for
plastic. No, this is not really about black money. It's about an economy that is
changing at its own pace and refuses to be hurried.

The whole agenda of going after black money, which the BJP president has so
aptly described as a jumla, should have stayed just that: a slogan for election
time. In reality, black money is an intrinsic, real part of our economy. It has
been generated by our own unreasonable and whimsical tax laws. Instead of
blaming citizens, why don't we blame those who made those laws? Under Indira
Gandhi, for instance, the highest tax payers were asked to pay 98.75 per cent of
their earnings as income tax. Add to that wealth tax, and you had a tax regime
that took away more than you earned. That's how black money grew.

Of course bribery is wrong. Extortion is worse. But this can well take place
without generating black money, as we all know. There are creative accountants
who teach you how to pay or receive bribes without generating black money. To
imagine that all cash is generated by illegal businesses is also a fallacy. It
is often generated by perfectly legal businesses to pay off venal politicians
and greedy government officers striking deals off the books. An ordinary person
buying a flat in Mumbai has to beg, borrow or steal cash to do so. Someone
selling a property has no option but to accept 30 per cent less if he wants his
entire money by cheque. That's how the system works.

We must first correct this system before we punish people for crimes forced onto
them. Our laws must encourage people to switch over (slowly, not through instant
fiat) to an economy where fewer and fewer deals need to be struck in cash.
Incentivise change. The stick won't help. It never does. We need to find
solutions instead of accusing perfectly honest citizens of doing wrong.

We are not a nation of tax evaders. We are nation that needs to set its tax laws
right. And that will only happen when those in power decide that we cannot
afford to nurture vote banks by framing unjust laws.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              109 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday
                                 Mumbai Mirror

How black is black money?

BYLINE: Pritish Nandy

SECTION: PRITISH NANDY

LENGTH: 896 words


While we may outrage over black money we rarely appreciate the reasons why it
exists. The new Chief Economic Adviser cautions against going overboard in our
outrage without tackling the factors that have actually created the black
economy.

Someone has finally spoken wisely. For a while now, we have heard everyone
outrage over black money without offering any real solutions. It began with
Bofors and then, when outrage managed to unseat the well ensconced Rajiv regime,
everyone saw in black money the perfect device to discredit political rivals. So
the rant began. The NDA has gone a step further and introduced Draco's code of
laws to tame it.

In such a time, it's heartening to hear the Chief Economic Adviser talk common
sense. Arvind Subramanian has simply said it's a bad idea to talk so much about
something we can do so little about. Every time we beat our chests and howl in
righteous indignation, what we are actually doing is giving India a bad name. We
are not the only country in the world where people evade taxes or sneak illegal
gains out and park them overseas. But we seem to be the only one to make such a
noise about it without doing anything to set it right.

On one hand our leaders rant. On the other our media proudly declaims how more
and more Indians are buying luxury apartments in London and New York, shopping
in Dubai Mall and Bond Street, buying second homes near Lake Como and
Montenegro, and playing high stakes poker in Vegas and Macao. Everyone's going
on overseas vacations even as the rupee keeps falling. Everyone's sending off
their kids to fancy schools abroad even though they keep complaining that the
economy is slowing down and reforms are not happening as quickly as promised.

So let's cut to the chase and ask ourselves: what's the actual problem? Black
money keeps the Indian economy well-oiled and is moving our GDP target closer to
double digits. Is it really such a big issue? Or are we, as usual, just sounding
off? Most economists will tell you that the size of our black economy is big but
perhaps not as big as we claim it to be. The reason why it exists is also very
simple. Our tax system is deeply flawed and has always been so. In our effort to
bring about social justice, we have traditionally overtaxed a tiny minority. So
they resented it. The collection machinery also took advantage of this
resentment and ran their own private rackets.

The truth is, it's bad policy that generates black money. No citizen is
criminally inclined, to begin with. We do wrong when we can't afford to do
what's right. In India, the entire focus of the tax authorities is on the 2 to 3
per cent who actually pay tax on their income. Every year they are squeezed for
more. What about the rest? Look around and you will see the maximum cash
floating around in rural strongholds where the rich pay no taxes. So they buy
their fancy SUVs in cash. They buy land and homes largely in cash. They do all
their trading in cash. Will you punish them for this? Or concede the fact that a
large number of Indians, particularly those outside the tax net, still swear by
cash.

Is this a heinous crime or does it simply mean that while India may be changing
and pretty much everyone in rural India may have a cell phone or a bank account
today, it's not changing fast enough for all of them to abandon cash for
plastic. No, this is not really about black money. It's about an economy that is
changing at its own pace and refuses to be hurried.

The whole agenda of going after black money, which the BJP president has so
aptly described as a jumla, should have stayed just that: a slogan for election
time. In reality, black money is an intrinsic, real part of our economy. It has
been generated by our own unreasonable and whimsical tax laws. Instead of
blaming citizens, why don't we blame those who made those laws? Under Indira
Gandhi, for instance, the highest tax payers were asked to pay 98.75 per cent of
their earnings as income tax. Add to that wealth tax, and you had a tax regime
that took away more than you earned. That's how black money grew.

Of course bribery is wrong. Extortion is worse. But this can well take place
without generating black money, as we all know. There are creative accountants
who teach you how to pay or receive bribes without generating black money. To
imagine that all cash is generated by illegal businesses is also a fallacy. It
is often generated by perfectly legal businesses to pay off venal politicians
and greedy government officers striking deals off the books. An ordinary person
buying a flat in Mumbai has to beg, borrow or steal cash to do so. Someone
selling a property has no option but to accept 30 per cent less if he wants his
entire money by cheque. That's how the system works.

We must first correct this system before we punish people for crimes forced onto
them. Our laws must encourage people to switch over (slowly, not through instant
fiat) to an economy where fewer and fewer deals need to be struck in cash.
Incentivise change. The stick won't help. It never does. We need to find
solutions instead of accusing perfectly honest citizens of doing wrong.

We are not a nation of tax evaders. We are nation that needs to set its tax laws
right. And that will only happen when those in power decide that we cannot
afford to nurture vote banks by framing unjust laws.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    November 4, 2002 Monday National Edition

What separates the rainmakers from the rest: Corporate clients demand judgment,
trustworthiness

SOURCE: Financial Post

BYLINE: Irene Taylor

SECTION: Special Report: Dealmakers M& A; The Lawyers: The Top 30 Who Make Deals
Happen; Pg. DM5

LENGTH: 397 words

Gerald Schwartz, chief executive of Onex Corp., does not mince words when
describing a good business lawyer. "What we look for and value the most are
counsel who start with a position of 'there has to be a way to do this, let's
find it.' These people are savvy. They have street smarts. They peel away the
layers of the law and situate their legal advice in the context of the business
objectives. That's judgment," Mr. Schwartz says.

The question is, where does this judgment come from?

There are four kinds of people in business: those who watch things happen, those
to whom things happen, those who don't know what's happening and those who make
things happen. Meet Canada's top 30 dealmakers.

They are "make it happen" corporate lawyers. They enjoy national and
international recognition. They are the legal brains behind big-money deals (
$2-billion here, $10-billion there).

Unfortunately, the whole "money thing" leads to a set of misconceptions about
this group of lawyers. "They are deal junkies with a legal spin," was one
description from a chief executive. They are wannabe entrepreneurs who bill a
lot of hours and get off on playing with other people's money is one common
description. Wrong.

Their biggest concern is protecting their clients' money and interests--or what
they refer to as risk management. Money is not the primary motivator for these
legal dealmakers.

More often than not, they operate in the shadow of a transaction. The spotlight
is on the corporate driver: Gerald Schwartz, Robert Milton, Frank Stronach, Jim
Shaw, Pierre Karl Peladeau, Izzy Asper, Peter Monk and others.

A great deal of what they do is not easily understood. The attributes their
corporate clients value most are: the ability to make deals happen; judgment --
the ability to discern between material and non-material risks and advise on
what is most important; creativity to come up with solutions; and
trustworthiness.

The list was based on completed questionnaires from 2,701 lawyers, providing a
response rate of 57.5%.

The selections were made on the basis of the highest overall scores from the
questionnaires as well as strong endorsement from firm colleagues.

- - -

Much of the work of corporate counsel is not easily understood. They operate in
the shadows of a transaction, smoothing over rough spots while defending their
clients' interests.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Lexpert; JEFF BARNES: Fraser Milner Casgrain;
Black & White Photo: Lexpert; ALAN BELL: Blake, Cassels & Graydon; Black & White
Photo: Lexpert; MARYSE BERTRAND: Davies Ward; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; J-P.
BISNAIRE: Davies Ward; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; WILLIAM BRAITHWAITE:
Stikemans; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; JOHN BURNS: Bennett Jones; Black &
White Photo: Lexpert; RAYMOND CREVIER: Ogilvy Renault; Black & White Photo:
Lexpert; NEIL DE GELDER: Borden Ladner Gervais; Black & White Photo: Lexpert;
ROBERT ENGBLOOM: Macleod Dixon; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; PAT FINNERTY:
Blake, Cassels & Graydon; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; GARTH GIRVAN: McCarthy
Tetrault; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; MITCHELL GROPPER: Farris, Vaughan; Black
& White Photo: Lexpert; STEPHEN HALPERIN: Goodmans; Black & White Photo:
Lexpert; ELIZABETH HARRISON: Farris, Vaughan; Black & White Photo: Lexpert;
SIDNEY HORN: Stikemans; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; CLAY HORNER: Osler, Hoskin
& Harcourt; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; DAVID JACKSON: Blake, Cassels &
Graydon; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; PETER JEWETT: Torys; Black & White Photo:
Lexpert; MARTIN LAMBERT: Bennett Jones; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; DALE
LASTMAN: Goodmans; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; JONATHAN LEVIN: Faskens; Black
& White Photo: Lexpert; BRIAN LEVITT: Osler, Hoskin & Harcourt; Black & White
Photo: Lexpert; ROBERT PARE: Fasken Martineau; Black & White Photo: Lexpert;
PIERRE RAYMOND: Stikemans; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; JAMES RILEY: Ogilvy
Renault; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; RICHARD SHAW: McCarthy Tetrault; Black &
White Photo: Lexpert; DAVID SMITH: Lawson Lundell; Black & White Photo: Lexpert;
NORMAN STEINBERG: Ogilvy Renault; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; PIERRE-ANDRE
THEMENS: Davies Ward; Black & White Photo: Lexpert; GRANT ZAWALSKY: BD&P

TYPE: Business; Excerpt

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 6, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Black-Oriented Museums Are Lacking Black Donors;
Few Athletes and Celebrities Have Given

BYLINE: Darryl Fears, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 1403 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE


The glamour, the popping camera lights of the paparazzi, and an impressive
lineup of movie stars such as Jim Carrey, Angelina Jolie, Brad Pitt and Chris
Tucker gave a glitzy Hollywood feel to the grand opening of the Muhammad Ali
Center in this horse-racing town.

Lonnie Ali, the boxing champ's wife, could barely hold back tears as she stood
in the shadow of the $75 million center, with its soaring butterfly roof and its
dozens of exhibits, replete with  LeRoy Nieman paintings of "the Greatest" in
his glory days.

"This," Lonnie said as her husband stood by, "is the culmination of a . . .
dream."

The dream, however, has received little financial support from prominent black
Americans. After a two-year campaign,  only one monied black contributor,
ex-heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis, who is British, gave a substantial amount,
$300,000.

The Ali Center's experience is not unique. In recent years there has been a
proliferation of black-oriented museums, memorials and cultural centers that
cost millions to run. But some museum executives wonder how well they will fare
when several existing institutions are struggling and corporate sponsorships
often do not cover the costs of day-to-day operations. Among the problems, some
experts say, is a lack of contributions from black people  --  especially
prominent  entertainers and athletes  --  whose history is celebrated by these
institutions.

"We have yet  work cut out for us to cultivate the interest of African Americans
and athletes of many cultures," said Michael Fox, executive director of the Ali
Center. "It hasn't happened yet at the level we expected. I think it has been a
disappointment to date."

To be sure, black people are, in fact, generous when it comes to charitable
contributions. A 2003 study reported in the Chronicle of Philanthropy noted that
black Americans who give to charity donate 25 percent more of their
discretionary income than white donors.

In the Coalition for New Philanthropy's 2004 study of minority giving in the New
York City area,  black Americans of all age groups contributed just slightly
more than the nation's other two major ethnic groups, Latino and Asian. But art
museums and cultural centers were low on the priority list of all minority
groups.

As the Ali Center fundraisers discovered, their money goes instead to churches,
schools and scholarships. "Art is important in some parts of the black
community, but if you're giving money and have to choose between education and
giving to a museum, you would give to education," said Mary Beth Gasman, an
assistant professor at the University of Pennsylvania who wrote a book on black
philanthropy.

The Ali Center's experience was telling. Given  Ali's status as an icon and role
model for many in the world of sports, the center recruited sports commentator
Bob Costas and  Rep. Gregory Meeks (D-N.Y.),  a boxing aficionado, to raise
money from athletes. They were surprised by the poor results.

"I was grossly disappointed,"  Meeks said. "I know there have been difficulties
with several . . . professionals who are paid well and might not be paid well if
it were not for Ali breaking that [racial] barrier.

"We called and oftentimes we didn't get called back," Meeks said. "Then I tried
to get other people who called, people who had connections, and we heard, 'I'll
get back to you on that,' and they never got back to us. I never thought in my
wildest dreams that it would be difficult to raise money for Ali."

Meeks would not name the sports figures who were contacted. But a top
administrator at the Ali Center,   who spoke on the condition of anonymity for
fear of being fired, said former basketball stars Michael Jordan and Charles
Barkley were contacted, as  were  golfer Tiger Woods and fight promoter Don
King. Actor Will Smith, who was nominated for an Academy Award for his movie
portrayal of Ali, was also solicited, the administrator said. None contributed.

With their numbers dramatically rising, black-oriented museums, memorials and
centers are increasingly dependent on the largess of black people. But with the
notable exception of Bill Cosby and Oprah Winfrey, prominent black entertainers
and athletes, and  black Americans in general, tend not to contribute to these
cultural institutions.

In the past two years, at least seven major black museums, cultural centers and
memorials, amounting to about $1 billion in capital costs alone, have opened or
gone into planning, including a Smithsonian national African American museum in
Washington.

The Reginald F. Lewis Museum of  Maryland African American History & Culture
opened this year in Baltimore, not long after the National Underground Railroad
Freedom Center's opening in Cincinnati last year. San Francisco opened its
Museum of the African Diaspora in the past week. The National Slavery Museum in
Fredericksburg and a memorial to the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.  in Washington
are in the works.

Some museum executives say fundraising is a challenge, not a problem. But others
note that several older African American museums are struggling, and they wonder
how the new institutions will raise millions of dollars for rich endowments that
help finance their operations in lean times.

The largest black museum, the Charles H. Wright Museum of African American
History in Detroit, where Rosa Parks's body was viewed recently, is struggling
for money and attendance. The African American Museum in Philadelphia, with its
half-million dollar debt, was nearly forced to shut its doors for good this
year.

Sandy Bellamy, executive director of the $33 million Reginald F. Lewis Museum,
so named because its deceased black eponym contributed $5 million, said  black
Americans volunteer to work as well as give money.

"For every city you're looking at, there are two or three museums that people
are sustaining," Bellamy said.

Ed Able, president and chief executive of the American Association of Museums,
said  black Americans have not given traditionally, but newly formed
organizations are changing that by showing wealthy black people how to create
charitable tax shelters.

Gasman said a major reason why black Americans did not give in the past is that
most were not asked,  in the belief that they did not have money. On the other
hand, she said, wealthy black donors were asked too often.

"I can't imagine how many times Michael Jordan is asked to contribute money,"
Gasman said. "He can't give to everything."

Estee Portnoy, Jordan's spokeswoman, would not confirm or deny that he was
called. "We never comment on Michael and Juanita Jordan's financial
contributions," she said.

Scott Novak, Woods's spokesman, said the golfer declined the Ali Center's
request because he committed $25 million to building the Tiger Woods Learning
Center in Anaheim, Calif., which will open next month. "Tiger Woods has great
admiration for Muhammad Ali's career and legacy," Novak said.

Barkley, who called Ali one of his greatest heroes during a recent radio talk
show, could not be reached. But in a new introduction to his book "Who's Afraid
of a Large Black Man?" Barkley said he frequently gives  to charities. He bought
four houses  in Georgia for  Hurricane Katrina victims, according to the book.

Smith's representatives said the actor  was never asked to contribute money.
Smith was on the set in San Francisco and did not attend the gala, but submitted
a taped tribute to Ali that was shown during festivities.

King could not be reached through the e-mail address provided on his Web site.
King made millions of dollars promoting Ali's fights.

The five-story  93,000-square-foot  Ali  Center overlooking the Ohio River
teems with memorabilia, artwork and exhibits. There are so many moving pictures
of Ali in his prime, and Ali, who is battling Parkinson's disease, in prayer,
that the center seems alive.

The center is expected to generate  $800,000 a year in retail sales, $350,000 in
corporate sponsorships and the renting of space for private functions, and
nearly a half-million dollars in memberships. But that is  not enough to cover
the $3 million yearly operating cost.

Given Ali's history, Gasman, for one, finds it baffling the museum is not
receiving more support from black athletes.

"Muhammad Ali is not just this wonderful athlete, he's so much more than that,"
she said, adding, "I don't understand why the wealthy did not give."

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              112 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                              July 16, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Black trial captured media attention around the globe

BYLINE: GEOFFREY STEVENS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 795  words


A question: What will the media do to fill their pages and newscasts now that
the Conrad Black trial is over and the verdicts delivered?

The four-month trial captivated the media.

Three hundred-odd journalists were in Chicago and, although I have not seen any
breakdown by nationality, it would be reasonable to assume there were 10 times
as many Canadians covering "the trial of the century" (as it was extravagantly
overbilled) as there are reporting on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan,
combined.

Even on days when not much was happening in the courtroom, reporters found
"news" to report. Black's one-finger gesture (sometimes known as the "Trudeau
salute"). The characterization of reporters as "vermin" by his wife, Barbara
Amiel, herself a journalist. And Black's departure from sartorial orthodoxy when
he appeared in court without socks.

The verdicts came down on Friday: Black guilty on four (of 13) charges, his
three co-defendants guilty on three apiece. That evening, CBC-TV devoted most of
its 10 p.m. newscast to the case. The Saturday papers had a field day. The
National Post (which Black founded) gave over its entire front page and 13
inside pages to the verdicts.

The Globe and Mail devoted its front page and nearly nine inside pages. The
Toronto Sun: front page (Just Call Him Con) plus five inside. Toronto Star:
two-thirds of the front page and nine inside pages scattered in three sections.

The Record showed, I thought, commendable restraint with one story on the front
page, two pages inside and one long editorial. A relatively modest package, it
touched all necessary bases without falling into the more-is-better syndrome by
wallowing in speculation, as many papers did, about where Black might serve
prison time; whether he would be welcome back in the House of Lords; or whether
Amiel would stand by her man (not that it's any of our business).

Although it was not the "trial of the century" (a sobriquet once applied to the
O.J. Simpson murder trial), Black's travails did command considerable attention
beyond Canada, Chicago and New York. I spent some time during the trial trolling
the Internet to check out coverage in other parts of the world. Not
surprisingly, the story was huge in London where Black in his media baron days
owned the Daily Telegraph, but it also received considerable attention in
Australia, New Zealand, Israel (where he owned the Jerusalem Post), Singapore
and, for some reason, Thailand.

To give you a flavour of the coverage, here are a few of the posttrial
headlines: from Australia: Buccaneer Black, Addicted to Money, Must Pay for His
Greed (Sydney Morning Herald) and Black's Choices: Life on the Run or Years in
Jail (The Age, Melbourne); from Europe: As a Convicted Felon, Conrad Black is No
Longer Welcome in Canada (International Herald Tribune), Black, the Fraudster
(Daily Telegraph), Downfall of Citizen Black (The Guardian, London), Lord Fraud
(Independent, London); Will Conrad Survive Jail? (Daily Mail, London); from the
United States: Nightmare Begins for Black (Chicago Sun-Times, which Black used
to own) and Black Convicted of Swindling Millions (Forbes, New York); from
Canada: Black Joins Ranks of Mobsters, Scooter, Martha (Winnipeg Free Press) and
Black May Serve Sentence Among Sex Offenders -- He Could Be Cleaning Toilets
(National Post).

There was not a lot of charity in any of the coverage. What made Black such a
big story?

It wasn't the money -- just a few paltry millions compared to the billions in
the Enron and WorldCom frauds.

It wasn't the victims. There was no queue of little old ladies who had lost
their life savings or honest workers whose pensions had vanished. By and large,
the "victims" were institutional money managers or affluent investors who had
made the mistake of trusting Black with their money. Not much cause for public
sympathy there.

It was a simple story: Greedy, arrogant, pompous media tycoon is accused of
stealing from people who invested in the public company he controlled. Maybe
that's what made it such a compelling story to so many news organizations -- its
simplicity along with the unrepentant, aggressive demeanour of the principal
accused. Conrad Black was contemptuous of both the investors whose money he used
and the journalists whom he employed ("jackals" was one of his descriptions).

He could never bring himself to say he was sorry. He never learned humility. He
always had to be larger than life. And that, I think, is what made his fall so
delicious to so many people in the news business.

Cambridge resident Geoffrey Stevens, an author and former Ottawa columnist and
managing editor of the Globe and Mail, teaches political science at Wilfrid
Laurier University and the University of Guelph. He welcomes comments at
geoffstevens@sympatico.ca

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 25, 2003, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Poll: Blacks less likely to invest in stocks

BYLINE: Sandra Block

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 353 words

The percentage of African-Americans with money invested in stocks and mutual
funds plummeted last year, and less than half of high-income black investors
believe the stock market is the best place for long-term investments, a survey
reports.

Only 61% of African-Americans have money in the stock market, vs. 74% in 2002,
according to the annual Ariel-Schwab Black Investor Survey.

That's close to the 57% level in 1998, the first year of the survey.


By contrast, the percentage of whites with money invested in the stock market
has remained at about 79% in the past five years, the study found.

Many black investors are relatively new to investing and have never experienced
a bear market, says Mellody Hobson, president of Ariel Capital Management.

"White investors have more history with investing and are able to take a longer
term view," she says.

Job insecurity has also contributed to the decline, Hobson says. With the
unemployment rate for African-Americans at 10.8% vs. 5.2% for whites, many
blacks are unwilling to risk their savings in the stock market, Hobson says.

Other findings reported in the survey:

 * Some 76% of African-Americans believe home improvement is a better investment
than stocks. Blacks have historically favored real estate as an investment, and
that preference has been reinforced by the sector's strong performance in the
past two years, Hobson says.

About 61% of whites said home improvement is a better investment than stocks.

 * About 79% of blacks said they believe stocks are less attractive now than
they were three years ago, vs. 59% of whites.

 * About 48% of African-Americans said they plan to shift more of their
portfolios into cash this year, vs. just 27% of whites.

There was some good news in the survey, Hobson says. Some 82% of blacks said
they're still optimistic about their financial future, vs. 89% of whites.

"We're not so discouraged and so bewildered that we're in a funk," Hobson says.

"The idea there is that underlying optimism about the future bodes well for the
stock market."

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: 2003 Black Investor
Survey (LINE GRAPH)

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              114 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             September 20, 1997, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Lyons backers: Others misused donations

BYLINE: MONICA DAVEY; MIKE WILSON; DAVID BARSTOW

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1469 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK



Days after Baptist leader Henry J. Lyons admitted withholding $ 214,500 in
donations for burned-out black churches, his supporters alleged Friday that  two
other church groups mishandled far more money meant to rebuild destroyed
churches.

"I assure you that most of the monies in both cases . . . have not reached
their proper destination," the Rev. C. Eugene Overstreet said at a news
conference here.

Overstreet, of Cleveland, offered few specifics to back his claims against  the
National Council of Churches and the Congress of National Black Churches.

Flanked by six other ministers, he demanded both groups account for  millions of
dollars they raised to rebuild churches across the South. He also  urged
reporters to "open an intense inquiry" into both groups.

Leaders of the groups defended their handling of church money and suggested  the
news conference was an attempt by Lyons to shift attention away from his  own
financial missteps.

"We have been extraordinarily faithful in our stewardship of the funds  that we
have," said Sullivan Robinson, executive director of the Congress of  National
Black Churches.

National Council of Churches officials said in a news release they were
"distressed" by the "inaccurate information" being spread about their work  with
burned churches.

The day's angriest response came from the Anti-Defamation League, the group
that turned to Lyons in 1996 to distribute $ 244,500 it had collected from
thousands of donors who wanted to take a stand against racist arsonists.

After league officials sent the money to Lyons, they received letters  bearing
Lyons' signature assuring them the donations had been sent to stricken
congregations. Lyons now acknowledges he sent only $ 30,000 and withheld the
rest because he determined the churches didn't need help - a conclusion not
shared by their pastors.

"It continues to be sad that Dr. Lyons is putting himself into the  position of
a victim by pointing a finger elsewhere, where there's no reason  to believe
there's been any misfeasance or wrongdoing," said Abraham Foxman,  national
chairman of the ADL.

"Let him first explain what he did or did not do before attacking  others," he
said.

ADL officials said Lyons has yet to provide a satisfactory explanation of  why
he withheld $ 214,500. Attorneys for the ADL are waiting for proof that  Lyons
sent even the $ 30,000 he claims to have given to burned churches.

Lyons refunded $ 214,500 to the group this week. Foxman is waiting for the
check to clear. Meanwhile, he wonders whether Lyons' actions will discourage
people from helping out the next time a community is in need.

"It may go to undermine the desire of good people in a moment of need and
crisis to say, "Here I am,' " he said.

"Our purpose is not to attack but try to define'

   Lyons did not attend Friday's news conference at the Drake Swiss Hotel on
Park Avenue.

He orchestrated the event from behind the scenes.

A news release announcing the event listed the phone number of his St.
Petersburg church and named one of his associates as the contact person. Two
days before the news conference, Lyons called the Times to say he had been
"doing some digging" into the National Council of Churches.

"You better fasten your seat belt," he said.

Of the seven ministers at the news conference, four identified themselves  as
members of the National Baptist Convention USA Inc. One, the Rev. H. Devore
Chapman, is a member of Lyons' hand-picked executive committee. Overstreet,  who
sits on NBC's board, spoke passionately in Lyons' defense when convention
members tried to oust him in Denver earlier this month.

Nevertheless, Overstreet insisted Lyons had nothing to do with the news
conference, and he angrily denied that it was an attempt to take pressure off
Lyons.

He said he and the others spoke in response to numerous calls and letters  from
people concerned whether money for burned churches has been spent as  intended.

"There is an ongoing desire to bring to closure, to bring some type of  clarity
. . . about the funding of (burned) black churches," he said.

"Our purpose in being here is not to attack but try to define."

But Overstreet raised questions about the National Council of Churches,  which
has raised $ 10.8-million in contributions and another $ 10-million in  federal
Housing and Urban Development funds.

"In the interest of fair play and parity, an enormous number of pastors  across
the nation have raised questions regarding the alleged huge sums of
contributions given to the National Council of Churches," he said.

Overstreet said he was not satisfied with the accounting he received during  a
recent meeting with the Rev. Joan B. Campbell, general secretary of the  group.
Pointing to the council's financial reports, he questioned why $ 371,000  went
to salaries and another $ 169,000 went to office operations.

Were such expenses necessary? he asked.

The National Council responded with a statement signed by leaders of  several
major black religious denominations, including the African Methodist  Episcopal
Church, the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church and the National  Baptist
Convention of America, and the Progressive National Baptist  Convention.

The council, a Christian umbrella group, accounted for its contributions  this
way: It gave $ 4.3-million in cash and $ 1.5-million in lumber and other
materials to burned churches during the first phase of the rebuilding project,
which concluded in May. It also spent $ 1-million on anti-racism education
programs. It has $ 2.5-million left in cash and goods for a planned second wave

 of renovations. About 10 percent of the $ 10.8-million was used for salaries
and administration, spokeswoman Carol Fouke said.

As for the $ 10-million in HUD money, the group said it is held by HUD to
secure private bank loans for rebuilding. "None of the $ 10-million has  entered
or even passed through" the National Council's accounts, the  statement said.

$ 6-million grant

from Lilly Endowment

   In January, the Congress of National Black Churches announced a three-year,
$ 12.8-million program to rebuild burned churches and teach people about race
relations. The Lilly Endowment of Indianapolis donated $ 6-million and the CNBC

 is trying to raise the rest from other sources, said Robinson, the executive
director.

The group plans to rebuild 50 churches.

But Overstreet criticized the Congress of National Black Churches for not
answering questions about how it spent money for burned churches.

"We have no record (from CNBC) of the churches receiving any funds," he  said.

He added, "We're talking about suffering people who are out there, people  who
have lost their churches to hate crimes."

Robinson said the CNBC has sent letters to eight churches saying they will
receive a total of $ 750,000.

The Lilly Endowment requires a careful accounting of how money is spent,
Robinson said. The group recently filed its first six-month report with the
endowment. A spokeswoman for the Lilly Endowment said the foundation has no
complaints.

"Everything is just fine," Gretchen Wolfram said. "This is not a new  group to
us. We've been with them a long time."

The CNBC also received $ 100,000 from the Anti-Defamation League to rebuild
churches. It used the money to help six churches in South Carolina, Virginia
and Alabama. The ADL plans to ask the CNBC to distribute the $ 214,500 that
Lyons returned.

Questions focus on Lyons

   Overstreet's attempts to draw reporters' attention to the two groups fell
flat.

Most of the questions were about Lyons.

Overstreet repeated many of the defenses Lyons has offered: That letters  were
sent to the ADL without Lyons' approval; that Lyons safeguarded the money  and
set up a "method and criteria" for its careful distribution; that Lyons  handled
the money with "total integrity and honesty."

He was asked about a statement by Grady Irvin, an attorney for Lyons. Irvin  was
quoted as saying some ADL money was diverted to black colleges.

"An attorney spoke too damn quick, before he knew what he was talking  about,"
Overstreet said.

But he did offer one new explanation about why Lyons withheld money from  black
churches. He said Lyons developed "gross suspicion about inside jobs  and
arsons."

Overstreet became angry when reporters persisted in questioning him about
Lyons. He accused the Times of hounding Lyons. He challenged reporters to use
"the same vigor and vitality to . . . seek out this $ 32-million" raised by  the
two church groups.

"We can justify every penny to the dime of what Dr. Lyons disbursed."

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; The Rev. C.
Eugene Overstreet and other supporters of the Rev. Henry J. Lyons demanded other
organizations account for millions of dollars in donations for burned-out
churches.; Rev. Henry J. Lyons

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              115 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             August 8, 2006 Tuesday

Black puts party in bind: Should Democrats forgo funds?

BYLINE: Lynn Bonner, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 30247 words


Aug. 8--As the campaign season begins, Democrats battling to keep control of a
closely divided state House are wondering if one of their big guns will have to
stay in the holster.

House Speaker Jim Black is a star fundraiser among Democrats, but it may be hard
for him to dole out the hundreds of thousands of dollars he typically passes to
candidates and the state Democratic Party in election years.

State and federal investigations into Black's fundraising practices have
Republicans calling for Democrats to reject the money Black raises. Black's
troubles may have Democrats thinking twice about accepting his help.

Black has helped House Democrats in past years by contributing as much as $8,000
a year to their campaigns or by giving money he raises to the state Democratic
Party. The party then funnels money to individual districts.

In 2004, Black gave the state party more than $650,000 he raised from
individuals and political committees run by businesses and industries.

Party money is crucial to helping Democrats win tough races and keeping the them
in control of the House. Democrats outnumbered Republicans in the House this
term 63-57.

Rep. Alice Underhill of New Bern, a Democrat in a Republican-leaning district,
has received jolts of money from the state House campaign committee to help her
win. In the last election, the House Democratic committee gave her nearly
$100,000 of the $241,000 she raised.

Michael Speciale, a Republican who is challenging her again, said he couldn't
keep up with Underhill's spending two years ago.

"It was a lot of TV, and it seemed like a flier every day in the last two days
of the campaign," said Speciale, who raised $42,500 for the last election.

Speciale expects to be outspent again this year. But he says he'll win this
year, partly because of the questions surrounding Black.

Links to Black hurt candidates in the spring primaries. House Republicans,
including former co-speaker Richard Morgan of Moore County, lost primary races
this year because opponents highlighted their connections to Black.

Former state Rep. Michael Decker, a Republican, told federal prosecutors that he
received $50,000 to switch parties and support Black for speaker in 2003. Black
has said he never offered Decker anything in exchange for his vote.

Superior Court ruling

On Monday, a Superior Court judge upheld a State Board of Elections decision
that Black received $6,800 in illegal contributions from the N.C. State
Optometric Society political action committee in 2002. The board said Black, an
optometrist from Mecklenburg County, should forfeit the money.

Black said in a statement that the ruling on the optometrists' checks
disappointed him.

"My campaign has always reported all contributions that I have received, and I
have always operated within the law," he said. "Election law experts have stated
that the optometrists did nothing wrong, but the State Board of Elections and
the Wake County Superior Court have a different opinion about the law as it
existed at that time."

In his last campaign finance report, Black said he had nearly $1 million in his
account. At a news conference Monday, Republican Sen. Andrew Brock of Davie
County called on Black to give it to charity.

Democratic candidates should return all the money they've ever gotten from him,
Brock said, and not accept any more.

"It's tainted," Brock said. "It's not just tainted, it's radioactive."

Rep. Hugh Holliman, a Lexington Democrat, suspects fewer candidates will take
Black's checks this year.

Black has not yet offered the state party any money, and Holliman said House
Democrats weren't counting on it.

"We in the caucus are raising [it] on our own," he said.

Dems on defense

Democratic Party Chairman Jerry Meek rejected the idea that there's anything
wrong with Black's money. He said elections board investigators combed through
three year's worth of Black's campaign reports, and they found problems with
only a fraction of a percent of his contributions. The board found Black had
accepted about $11,375 in illegal corporate contributions, which he forfeited.
Black said he did not know the money was from businesses.

"There is no tainted money," Meek said.

If Republican candidates follow Brock's logic, he said, they will reject money
from wealthy Republican businessman Art Pope. The elections board is
investigating a complaint that Pope made illegal corporate contributions.

Black has given Rep. Lucy Allen, a Louisburg Democrat, $12,000 since 2002 to
help her with competitive races. She said she hasn't thought about whether
she'll take a donation from Black to help her win a third term.

"He is involved in an ongoing investigation,"she said. "I don't know how that's
all going to sort out. There are a lot of uncertainties."

Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060808-RA-0808-Black-puts-party-in-bind

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                              116 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 28, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Fund Set Up to Rebuild Black Churches

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 11; Column 4; National Desk

LENGTH: 325 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 27


The nation's largest association of black churches announced today that it had
established a fund to prevent arson and rebuild churches that have been burned.

Officials of the group, the Congress of National Black Churches Inc., said that
$6 million of the fund's $12 million goal would come from a grant from the Eli
Lilly Foundation in Indianapolis. They said the rest would come from public and
private-sector "partners" and through a fund-raising drive.

At a news conference, Bishop John Hurst Adams, the founder of the organization,
said about $3 million of the money would be used over the next three years to
rebuild or repair some 50 black or multiracial churches in the South.
Fire-retardant materials will be used in the work.

Bishop Adams and other officials said the rest of the money would be used to
provide black churches with anti-arson security systems and for educational
efforts to increase understanding and reconciliation in communities where
churches have been burned. The effort will begin with pilot programs in Alabama,
Louisiana, Mississippi, South Carolina, Tennessee and Texas. Eventually,
projects are planned in Arkansas, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Missouri, North
Carolina and Virginia.

The association said that when a church was burned, there was typically a gap of
about $150,000 between what was paid by insurance companies and other resources
and the cost of rebuilding the church. The group said it hoped to fill that gap
at the 50 churches it would select for help.

Bishop Adams said Federal, state and local authorities had identified 318
churches that were destroyed by fire from Jan. 1, 1995, to the end of 1996.

But he also emphasized that the effort to reach out to communities, especially
to young people, was an educational effort intended to bring church burnings to
a halt.

"We hope we can begin the new millennium without this issue being a threat to
persons or property," he said.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              117 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                               May 4, 2015 Monday

Book talk headlines upcoming Rosenwald Schools Conference

BYLINE: Katie Jansen kjansen@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6675

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 424  words


DURHAM - In anticipation of the second-ever National Rosenwald Schools
Conference coming to Durham next month, the Durham County Library hosted a
reading and talk by scholar Sarah Thuesen, who wrote "Greater Than Equal:
African-American Struggles for Schools and Citizenship in North Carolina,
1919-1965."

Thuesen, who teaches history at Guilford College in Greensboro, said she was
glad to be back in Durham after conducting much of the research for her book
here. She said Durham is "often the epicenter for activism in black school
politics."

Thuesen's book begins right after World War I, when there was a burst of new
school construction - both for white schools and black schools.

Although some money for black schools came from the government, "it was never on
an equal level to the spending that went on in white schools," Thuesen said.

Many black schools were built with the help of The Rosenwald Fund, which
contributed money to philanthropic causes.

These schools, now called Rosenwald Schools, are the focus of preservation
efforts today. The first national conference was held in Tuskegee, Alabama, and
this year's will be June 17 through June 20 in Durham.

The conference, titled "Sharing the Past, Shaping the Future," will include
documentary sessions as well as seminars about topics such as preservation and
how to get a building on the National Register of Historic Places.

Thuesen's book explores many struggles for equality, such as the fight for equal
curriculums, the fight for equal pay for black teachers and the fight for equal
buildings, supplies and transportation.

Because many black schools were unfit for habitation, Julius Rosenwald donated
money and inspired black communities across the South to raise money to build

See book/page A2

their own schools. Rosenwald's wealth stemmed from a long career as head of
Sears, Robuck and Co.

This meant that some African-Americans had the opportunity to attend school in
nice facilities. But Thuesen argues that the fight for desegregation was "not
only a struggle for first-rate facilities, but also for first-rate citizenship."

The Supreme Court's landmark Brown vs. Board of Education decision, which called
for desegregation, came at a time when many black schools were just reaching
their peak and finally receiving the resources they deserved, Thuesen said.

But, as her book title suggests, many African-Americans felt that even equal
facilities wouldn't make them truly equal. The pioneers of the desegregation
movement were fighting for something that was "greater than equal."

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              118 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 14, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

True or False, Account Leaves Ministers Stung

BYLINE: By KIMBERLY J. McLARIN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 41; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1107 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Nov. 13


Either way, says the Rev. DeForest B. Soaries Jr., the damage has been done.

Whether one believes Edward J. Rollins Jr. when he said this week that the
campaign of Christine Todd Whitman had funneled money to black ministers so they
would not urge their congregants to vote, or believes Mr. Rollins when he later
retracted the comments, angry ministers say one thing is clear: Mr. Rollins has
diminished the credibility of the black clergy at a time when blacks can least
afford it.

"It's devastating," Mr. Soaries said. "I've gotten calls from my own members,
who know I talked with Mrs. Whitman and Florio before the election. They call me
to say, 'Reverend, how much money did you get?' "

Having to Defend Honor

Mr. Soaries, pastor of the 3,500-member First Baptist Church of Lincoln Garden
in Somerset, Middlesex County, said he tells his questioning members that
"unequivocally not only did I not receive any money," he does not believe any
black minister in New Jersey did either. And because his congregation knows him
and because, he said, he climbed into the pulpit the Sunday before Election Day
and preached about the desperate need to vote, he thinks his flock will believe
him. But the very fact that he must defend his honor is insulting, he said.

"How do you quantify the damages?" he said. "There is no way to measure it. All
over the state I talked to ministers and they are outraged about the fact they
have now been placed in a situation to appear to be money-grabbing political
opportunists."

Mr. Rollins, who served as campaign manager for Mrs. Whitman, boasted on Tuesday
that the campaign had used $500,000 in "walking-around money" to pay black
ministers and Democratic Party workers in exchange for promises not to rally
votes for Gov. Jim Florio. The next day, he retracted his remarks and issued an
apology through an irate Governor-elect Whitman, saying his comments were "an
exaggeration that turned out to be inaccurate."

Vital and Stricken Force

Still, the comments struck at an institution that remains very important to many
black Americans. A 1988 Gallup poll found that 57 percent of all respondents and
75 percent of black respondents agreed with the statement "religion can answer
all or most of today's questions."

And as an institution, the importance of the black church rises beyond even the
issue of spirituality. For many blacks, the church is a haven, a source of
strength and understanding, a second home.

"Many, many years ago, no matter what the age of the man, he was 'boy' all
week," said the Rev. John Harris Jr., pastor of Galilee Baptist Church in
Trenton and a native of Arkansas. "But when he came to church on Sunday morning
he was Mr. Somebody, Deacon Somebody, Reverend Somebody. Here was the one place
we could walk on equal ground."

Less Dominant a Force

But even as individual churches still thrive, the vision of the church as the
dominant institution in black neighborhoods has diminished. Many congregations
are filled with women and older members, and have few younger men. Mr. Soaries
and others said that while the church is struggling to combat the violence and
drugs devastating black neighborhoods, the implication that black ministers can
be bought is destructive.

"Anything that assaults the credibility of a basic institution like the black
church is very dangerous to the black community," said the Rev. Joseph Lowery,
president of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.

"Unless they defend themselves, unless they make this out a lie, it could
severely damage the clergy," Mr. Lowery said. "I personally don't believe it. I
find it incredible that any minister would accept money to keep people from the
polls."

Mr. Soaries said that at his church, members often go out recruit young men they
find loitering on the street, unemployed and uninvolved.

'A Breach Between the People'

"We invite them to buy into a new life style predicated on a value system that
says it is more honorable to make $5 an hour working in McDonald's than $500 an
hour selling drugs," he said.

"Our entire message is undermined by the notion that we are dishonorable," he
said. "It creates a breach between the people who need us most and the
institution that represent a hope for the people."

But former Representative William H. Gray 3d, who is now president of the United
Negro College Fund and is the pastor of a Philadelphia church, said it was
"nonsense" to suggest that all black clergy had been tainted by the incident,
even if Mr. Rollins's original comments were true.

"That would be paramount to saying one corrupt doctor makes all doctors
corrupt," he said.

Mr. Gray did not comment on the truth or falsity of Mr. Rollins's remarks, but
he said the real issue was whether or not Whitman workers paid money to have
people refrain from encouraging others to vote.

'Tragic for Democracy'

"If it occurred it would be tragic for democracy and tragic for those who
participated in it," he said. "If their names are ever revealed I think the
community will take its own punishment." But several ministers said the original
comments had already sown seeds of doubt.

Mr. Harris said that when he returned home Thursday evening his wife told him
their phone had been ringing all day.

"She said the children had called her wanting to know how could a preacher do
such a thing?" he said.

Mr. Soaries said a woman called him Friday morning, anxious because her church
had received an anonymous $10,000 donation. She was convinced it had come from
the Whitman campaign. But he said the church pastor told him the money came from
a member whose husband had died. Now that minister must decide whether to
protect the woman's anonymity and risk suspicion among his members, or to break
his word and reveal the source of the gift.

Crises of Faith

Even the faithful can have crises of faith. Although he has come to believe that
Mr. Rollins's comments are untrue, Mr. Harris said he did not immediately
dismiss them.

"No, to be truthful I didn't," he said. "To any rule, there's always the
exception. But the rule is it just does not happen because too many people look
up to their clergy as leaders. Too much has been entrusted to us."

Mr. Harris, a Florio supporter, said he does not like politics from the pulpit.
But he did urge his congregation to vote, and he will raise politics again this
Sunday, he said.

"I will go to my pulpit and I will tell my young people to have faith in the
Lord and in their clergy," Mr. Harris said. "Because the vicious vile tongue of
one man does not make it so for a whole people."


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Although he has come to believe that Edward J. Rollins's
comments are untrue, the Rev. John Harris of Trenton does not immediately
dismiss them. "To any rule, there's always the exception. But the rule is it
just does not happen because too many people look up to their clergy as
leaders." (Laura Pedrick for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              119 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Investment package termed opportunity to whiten black money

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 333

LENGTH: 849  words


The government investment package for the business community is being viewed by
economists as an opportunity to whiten black money and is unlikely to cater to
the economic needs of the country. Talking to Business Recorder, economist and
former Senator Professor Khurshid Ahmed termed the reform incentive package
announced by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif as unfortunate and stated that such
schemes were also introduced in the past by various governments, but failed to
produce desired results.

Such schemes have only provided an opportunity to some people to whiten their
black money. Khurshid was critical of economic policies pursued by the present
economic team led by Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and stated that the economic
team has failed to undertake the needed restructuring to put the country back on
track. He said no one can disagree with the assertion that the country needs
investment to increase physical production of industry and agriculture sector
and thereby spur growth but the objective cannot be achieved through ongoing
policies. He said no one would be ready to invest unless there is better law and
order situation and smooth energy supply.

Khurshid said the last six month's performance of the PML-N government is very
disappointing as it was unable to reduce non-development expenditure, implement
measures to broaden tax base and consequently borrowing from the State Bank of
Pakistan was on the rise during the first half of the current fiscal year. He
added that the government policies during the last six months may be supportive
of a few individuals but are not business friendly.

Professor Dr Zahid of Pakistan Institute of Development Economics said basically
all those earnings could be termed black money which is untaxed. He said the
success of the incentive package would depend entirely on the volume of
investment the government's incentives would be able to attract. When contacted,
Waheed Shahzad Butt, an income tax lawyer opined that immunity from audit under
the new investment package of the government is a serious violation of the
Universal Self Assessment Scheme (USAS). It would also hamper audit of taxpayers
to be conducted next year through computer ballot.

Under the provisions of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001, all income tax returns shall
be accepted without any conditions and there is no compulsory enhancement of tax
liability over previous year to qualify for acceptance under USAS and even a
loss return shall qualify for acceptance under USAS because filing of income tax
return itself will be an assessment order; but the present move to pay 25
percent extra tax to avail amnesty is not only violation of Income Tax
Ordinance, but also contrary to the Constitution as it does not treat all
taxpayers equally. The tax lawyer added that government/FBR instead of
entertaining an investment scheme should seriously consider introducing
"Asset-Seizure Scheme" to confiscate undeclared/untaxed assets created from
black/undisclosed money and make laws to bring back looted money from tax
dodgers.

The present tax incentive package not only discourages honest taxpayers, but
also causes huge revenue loss to the exchequer. The "Asset-Seizure Scheme" is
the only way to deal with non-compliant taxpayers. He said that the government
should find out how this black money was generated in the first place when there
are so many employees getting their salaries out of taxes collected from public
money. The survey of markets, educational institutions, private hospitals,
hotels and businesses, etc, would be instrumental in tracing the undocumented
individuals. The government should remove all subsidies/exemptions which could
potentially allow generation of black money as well, he said.

He stated that the proposed scheme also states that in order to promote
investment in industrial undertakings and generate employment, the source of
investment shall not be probed by the tax authorities in respect of persons, who
set up an industrial undertaking/expansion project on or after January 1, 2014.
Waheed added that there is no bar on issuing notices under sections 114 and 116
of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 for filing of income tax return along with
wealth statement. In case of non-compliance, provisional assessment under
section 122C of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001 may be completed. Besides this
penalty or prosecution proceedings for the default of non-compliance of notices
u/s 114 and 116 may also be initiated and in case of non-compliance, known
assets, bank accounts and other receivables may be attached and, if required,
tax dodger's assets may be put to auction for recovery of tax.

Reportedly, there are more than 3.4 million NTN holders and only 1.4 million had
filed their income tax returns or statements and 1.8 million were non-filers. In
case, the FBR is able to enforce filing of returns by these non-filers, the
number of return filers could cross over 4.2 million. There are 62,000 firms
registered in Pakistan, only 21,000 of them are filing returns and just 3,000
are showing profits and paying taxes, sources added.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Business Recorder

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

Investment package termed opportunity to whiten black money

SECTION: Vol. XLIX No. 333

LENGTH: 849  words


The government investment package for the business community is being viewed by
economists as an opportunity to whiten black money and is unlikely to cater to
the economic needs of the country. Talking to Business Recorder, economist and
former Senator Professor Khurshid Ahmed termed the reform incentive package
announced by Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif as unfortunate and stated that such
schemes were also introduced in the past by various governments, but failed to
produce desired results.

Such schemes have only provided an opportunity to some people to whiten their
black money. Khurshid was critical of economic policies pursued by the present
economic team led by Finance Minister Ishaq Dar and stated that the economic
team has failed to undertake the needed restructuring to put the country back on
track. He said no one can disagree with the assertion that the country needs
investment to increase physical production of industry and agriculture sector
and thereby spur growth but the objective cannot be achieved through ongoing
policies. He said no one would be ready to invest unless there is better law and
order situation and smooth energy supply.

Khurshid said the last six month's performance of the PML-N government is very
disappointing as it was unable to reduce non-development expenditure, implement
measures to broaden tax base and consequently borrowing from the State Bank of
Pakistan was on the rise during the first half of the current fiscal year. He
added that the government policies during the last six months may be supportive
of a few individuals but are not business friendly.

Professor Dr Zahid of Pakistan Institute of Development Economics said basically
all those earnings could be termed black money which is untaxed. He said the
success of the incentive package would depend entirely on the volume of
investment the government's incentives would be able to attract. When contacted,
Waheed Shahzad Butt, an income tax lawyer opined that immunity from audit under
the new investment package of the government is a serious violation of the
Universal Self Assessment Scheme (USAS). It would also hamper audit of taxpayers
to be conducted next year through computer ballot.

Under the provisions of Income Tax Ordinance, 2001, all income tax returns shall
be accepted without any conditions and there is no compulsory enhancement of tax
liability over previous year to qualify for acceptance under USAS and even a
loss return shall qualify for acceptance under USAS because filing of income tax
return itself will be an assessment order; but the present move to pay 25
percent extra tax to avail amnesty is not only violation of Income Tax
Ordinance, but also contrary to the Constitution as it does not treat all
taxpayers equally. The tax lawyer added that government/FBR instead of
entertaining an investment scheme should seriously consider introducing
"Asset-Seizure Scheme" to confiscate undeclared/untaxed assets created from
black/undisclosed money and make laws to bring back looted money from tax
dodgers.

The present tax incentive package not only discourages honest taxpayers, but
also causes huge revenue loss to the exchequer. The "Asset-Seizure Scheme" is
the only way to deal with non-compliant taxpayers. He said that the government
should find out how this black money was generated in the first place when there
are so many employees getting their salaries out of taxes collected from public
money. The survey of markets, educational institutions, private hospitals,
hotels and businesses, etc, would be instrumental in tracing the undocumented
individuals. The government should remove all subsidies/exemptions which could
potentially allow generation of black money as well, he said.

He stated that the proposed scheme also states that in order to promote
investment in industrial undertakings and generate employment, the source of
investment shall not be probed by the tax authorities in respect of persons, who
set up an industrial undertaking/expansion project on or after January 1, 2014.
Waheed added that there is no bar on issuing notices under sections 114 and 116
of the Income Tax Ordinance, 2001 for filing of income tax return along with
wealth statement. In case of non-compliance, provisional assessment under
section 122C of the Income Tax Ordinance 2001 may be completed. Besides this
penalty or prosecution proceedings for the default of non-compliance of notices
u/s 114 and 116 may also be initiated and in case of non-compliance, known
assets, bank accounts and other receivables may be attached and, if required,
tax dodger's assets may be put to auction for recovery of tax.

Reportedly, there are more than 3.4 million NTN holders and only 1.4 million had
filed their income tax returns or statements and 1.8 million were non-filers. In
case, the FBR is able to enforce filing of returns by these non-filers, the
number of return filers could cross over 4.2 million. There are 62,000 firms
registered in Pakistan, only 21,000 of them are filing returns and just 3,000
are showing profits and paying taxes, sources added.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Business Recorder
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 29, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Robbery of IBC Bank Branch in Oklahoma City

LENGTH: 296  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

James E. Finch, Special Agent in Charge of the Oklahoma City Division of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, announced the robbery of the IBC Bank at 5701
N. May Ave. in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

At approximately 11:15 a.m. on May 28, an unknown black male and black female
entered the bank and approached the teller counter, where they demanded money.
The teller complied, and the female subject was observed placing some of the
money into a black plastic bag, and the male subject was observed putting some
of the money into his shirt. The subjects left the bank with an undisclosed
amount of money. No weapon was observed.

The subjects were last seen leaving the bank southbound on May Ave. in a blue,
late-1990s model Dodge Durango. No one was injured in the robbery.

Surveillance photos and witness descriptions depict the subject as follows:

Subject one

: Black male
 6'0" to 6'2" tall
 170 pounds
 Thin build
 Wearing a yellow and blue plaid long-sleeved shirt, blue jeans, a dark-colored
baseball-style cap, and dark sunglasses

Subject two:

Black female
 Late 20s or early 30s
 5'2" to 5'5" tall
 Petite build
 Wearing a full-length blue dress, a black silk scarf wrapped around her head
and the lower part of her face, and carrying a black plastic trash bag

This robbery is being investigated by the FBI and the Oklahoma City Police
Department. Anyone with information is requested to contact the FBI at (405)
290-7770 (24-hour number). Callers may remain anonymous. The Oklahoma Bankers
Association offers a reward of up to $2,000 for information leading to the
arrest and conviction of anyone responsible for robbing a member bank.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Weatherford Democrat (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            September 5, 2008 Friday

Sentencing put off in Black case

BYLINE: Phil Riddle, Weatherford Democrat, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 395 words


Sep. 5--Convicted swindler Oscar Black's sentencing on mail fraud charges,
originally scheduled for this week, has been put off until Nov. 17, according to
a spokesperson for the United States Attorney's Office in Dallas.

Kathy Colvin of U.S. Attorney Richard Roper's office said Thursday, a
continuation had been granted in the case.

Black, 58, pleaded guilty to a single count of mail fraud in May, following an
investigation into his local business dealings.

The Weatherford mortgage broker and cattleman ran a ponzi scheme in which he
used money from "investors" to prop up his floundering cattle business.

According to documents filed in federal court, Black offered investment
opportunities to acquaintances, guaranteeing a 12 percent annual return.

Reports show Black initially deposited investors' money into a bank account, but
eventually couldn't deliver the promised return without investing in riskier
ventures.

He began using investors' money to pay expenses and infuse needed capital in OB
Cattle Company. The cattle business began to lose more and more money and he
eventually took all the banked funds to try to keep OB Cattle afloat.

According to investigators, Black even mailed fraudulent monthly account
statements to his investors, showing increases in their account balances to keep
investments coming in.

Individual investors lost hundreds of thousands of dollars. Black also allegedly
defaulted on about $3 million in obligations to Wells Fargo Bank and almost
$600,000 to First National Bank of Weatherford, where he was a member of the
board of directors.

In a late spring interview, Black's attorney, Tim Lewis of Fort Worth, said his
client was sorry for his crime.

"I'm not kidding you," Lewis said. "He really feels bad about this and he knows
he hurt a lot of people that he respects and likes, and that he believed
respected and liked him."

Black faces as much as 20 years in prison and up to $250,000 in restitution.

To see more of the Weatherford Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.weatherforddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Weatherford Democrat,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080905-ZQ-Sentencing-put-off-in-Black-case-0905

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZQ


                                 Copyright 2008


                              123 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 24, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Black teachers in demand

BYLINE: JAMES HARPER

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 611 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Florida's universities have met fewer than half of their equity goals for
women, blacks and Hispanics over the past five years. Tuesday, university
presidents met to talk about how to do better.

Some of the measures turned out to be quite forceful.

University of Florida President John Lombardi said, for example, the only  sure
way to encourage the hiring of black faculty is to set aside money just  for
that purpose. Otherwise, Lombardi said, academic departments will continue  to
hire mostly white males, often for financial reasons.

There is a shortage of black professors, and competition to hire them is
fierce. Black professors can command salaries at the top of the market in  their
fields.

Department chairs usually try to save money by hiring the best quality at  the
lowest possible price. In today's market, Lombardi said, that is usually a
white male.

So, at UF, Lombardi said, administrators often put money for new faculty  "in a
special pot and say, "You may not hire white males with this money.' "

Such measures may sound drastic. But the need, said Carolyn Roberts, a  member
of the Board of Regents and chairwoman of its access and equity  committee, is
best seen from the point of view of most students who never  encounter a black
professor.

That is simply not good enough, she said.

Fred Humphries, president of Florida A & M University, said the long-range
solution to the shortage of black professors is to encourage more black
youngsters to prepare for college and graduate school. He said educators must
be coaxed and rewarded for the special mentoring of black children.

Though much of Tuesday's discussion focused on the relative scarcity of  blacks
in Florida's higher education system, Hispanics and women also are
underrepresented.

Five years ago, each state university set goals for representation of  women,
blacks and Hispanics in five categories: enrollment, management,  tenure-earning
faculty, tenured faculty and professional employees.

Counting all nine universities, only a third of goals for blacks have been  met.
Thirty-six percent of goals for Hispanics and 60 percent of goals for  women
have been met.

Chancellor Charles Reed said more goals might have been met had the
universities not been in a period of retrenchment over the past two years. It
is difficult to improve minority hiring, for example, when you have given up
1,600 paid positions, he said.

The next step, Reed said, will be to hold individual administrators  accountable
for the equity goals under their control. A law approved by last  year's
Legislature demands it, for one thing.

Reed and the presidents agreed to abandon the system of general goals  reporting
in favor of closer attention to each university's federal  affirmative action
plan.

Those plans are more detailed and deal with smaller groups of employees.  The
change should eliminate paperwork but allow officials and other watchdogs  to
monitor recruiting and hiring more closely, said Regina Sofer, who  coordinates
equal access and opportunity for the Board of Regents.

Student supplies fee proposed

 TALLAHASSEE - State university presidents approved a plan Tuesday that  would
allow them to extend laboratory fees to students in non-science courses.

The fee would be renamed the "material and supplies" fee and would be  limited
to $ 15 a course.

But the presidents complained that the plan limits them in the amount of  fees
that can be collected campuswide. At some campuses, no new courses can  add the
fee unless an old course drops it.

The plan will go the Board of Regents next month.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              124 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 28, 1988, Monday, City Edition

Pyramid scheme targets blacks

BYLINE: SUSAN TAYLOR MARTIN

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1059 words



In Philadelphia and Washington, D.C., it's called Network. In Atlanta,    it's
the Cash Flow Investment Club. In Detroit, it's Spaceship or    Airplane - or,
for those with little money, Greyhound Bus. Whatever the    name, the pitch is
the same: For a modest investment, blacks can help    each other and ease their
economic plight.

     A new twist on the pyramid scheme is sweeping many of the nation's
biggest cities, offering a get-rich-quick deal cloaked in black pride    and
self-help. Consumer advocates say the only thing most participants    will get
is a flattened wallet, but that hasn't quenched the fervor.

     "Three people have tried to recruit me within a month," says    Sandra
Adams, an executive in Baltimore with the National Association    for the
Advancement of Colored People.

      Adams resisted, but not so thousands of other blacks who have    forked
over $ 2, $ 200, even $ 2,000 on the promise of payoffs as large as    $ 41,000.

 No one knows who started it or where, but players reportedly    include doctors
and lawyers as well as Social Security and welfare    recipients. Invitation is
by word-of-mouth; code names are common, and    the basic ground rule is simple:
No whites allowed.

      "It just ran wild here earlier this year," says Esther Shapiro,
director of Detroit's Consumer Affairs Department.

      In the Detroit variation, participants pay $ 1,500 for a seat on    the
Spaceship or Airplane. They recruit other passengers and work their    way up to
co-pilot and finally pilot, and are supposed to reap $ 12,000    when all eight
seats are filled. For those on tighter budgets, $ 200    buys a seat on the
Underground Railroad, $ 5 on the Greyhound bus or $ 2    on the People Mover,
named for the monorail that circles downtown    Detroit.

     As in other pyramid-style operations, the first people to join may    get
the promised return. But the market eventually saturates, and those    who sign
up later usually end up with nothing. "There's not enough    money in the world
to pay off all those who enter these things,"    Shapiro says. For that reason,
pyramid schemes are illegal in Michigan,    Florida and other states.

     Despite warnings that participants faced a $ 10,000 fine and seven    years
in prison, Airplane had become so popular in Detroit by last May    that
promoters were renting halls and attracting as many as 300 people    to each
meeting. Authorities, saying it was the biggest pyramid ever to    hit the area,
launched a "consumer education campaign" in newspapers    and on radio talk
shows.

      Airplane quickly became a racial issue.

     "Aside from the sheer stupidity of getting involved in such a    scheme, I
truly wonder what kind of fool would participate in a    something-for-nothing
scheme that panders off the magnificent    accomplishment of the Underground
Railroad, that network of decent    human beings who helped hundreds of
thousands of black people escape    slavery," wrote Susan Watson, a black
columnist for the Detroit Free    Press.

     "I guess respect for your heritage takes a back seat, if you will,    to
respect for the almighty dollar."

     But in a full-page ad in the Michigan Chronicle, the state's    largest
black newspaper, anonymous Airplane promoters denounced the    news media for a
"vicious attack" on black investors.

      "The truth of the matter is that the power structure,    particularly the
banks and retailers exploiting the finances of blacks    and minorities, are now
panicking because blacks are withdrawing their    monies from banks to invest in
themselves," the ad said. "All we see    is investigators and journalists using
scare tactics on behalf of the    power structure who are afraid black folks
have awakened from their    economic nightmare."

      Self-help is at the root of the pitch elsewhere, too. Hope Kumar,    an
investigator for the Boston consumer affairs department, says a    friend talked
up Network - Boston's version of Airplane - as "a way    of getting a little bit
of money to pay the rent, buy things, live    comfortably."

       "This is a person I had always thought of as having very good    common
sense," Kumar says. "She said she had belonged to this for at    least a year,
and she seemed quite thrilled and enthralled."

       Network swept the Philadelphia area this fall, luring thousands    of
players who met in homes and churches under elaborate code names.

 Authorities were stymied in their efforts to crack down because the    meetings
proved hard to infiltrate and the investments tended to be    small.

      "No one was willing to come forward and complain because the    economic
incentive was not there," said lawyer John Kelly of the    Pennsylvania attorney
general's office. "You might turn in your    grandmother for $ 2,000, $ 3,000, $
4,000, but you're probably not going    to turn her in for $ 50 or $ 100."

      Blacks-only pyramid schemes have also surfaced in Los Angeles,    where
several people are being prosecuted, and New York City, where    slum residents
were urged to join so they could raise enough money to    buy their apartment
buildings and fix them up.

       So far, Airplane and its variants have yet to land on the Florida
Suncoast. "I've never heard of a black-only pyramid," says Sam    Uccello of the
Hillsborough County Department of Consumer Affairs.    "Money is green."



 How it works    A new twist on the old pyramid scheme is attracting blacks in
many    major cities. The scheme goes by many names. In the Detroit variation,
    participants pay $ 1,500 for a seat on the Spaceship or Airplane. They
recruit other passengers and work their way up to co-pilot and finally    pilot.

 When all eight seats are filled, the player is supposed to reap    $ 12,000.
For those with less money, $ 200 buys a seat on the Underground    Railroad, $ 5
on the Greyhound bus.



LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Anonymous Airplane promoters bought this
full-page ad in the Michigan Chronicle,that state's largest black newspaper.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              125 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                     April 19, 2001 Thursday Final Edition

Scam artist spills in deal

SOURCE: News Services

SECTION: Sports; NFL Notebook; Pg. A63

LENGTH: 329 words

A co-defendant of indicted sports agent Tank Black pleaded guilty Wednesday in
Gainesville, Fla., to helping scam millions of dollars from pro football
players.

Robert C. Ellenburg pleaded guilty to wire fraud, obstruction of justice and
money laundering.

Sentencing is scheduled for July 9; the maximum possible prison sentence is 25
years, although he likely will get a reduced sentence in his deal with the
prosecutors.

On Thursday, Black's lawyer, James Franklin, is scheduled to plead guilty to his
role in the fraud case.

He'll join Ellenburg and Alfred Twitty, a former employee of Black's, in
co-operating with prosecutors as Black's May 29 trial date nears.

Black is a former player agent of Toronto Raptors star Vince Carter.

Ellenburg, 63, told how he, partner Jimmy Roof, Black, Franklin and three other
co-defendants fraudulently funnelled players' money into a loan company.

Prosecutors say at least nine players were scammed, including Jaguars running
back Fred Taylor, Giants wide receiver Ike Hilliard and Eagles running back Duce
Staley. Combined, the players lost about $9 million.

Ellenburg said Black used Twitty to pay football players, including Taylor,
Hilliard, Jacquez Green and Jevon Kearse, while they were at the University of
Florida. The payments were part of Black's effort to recruit them to his
business, Professional Management Inc.

JACKSON WAIVED

Defensive tackle Keith Jackson, who played five games for the B.C. Lions last
season, was waived by the Cincinnati Bengals on Wednesday. He signed with Dallas
as an undrafted free agent from Cheyney University last year.

CHMURA MULLS FUTURE

Former Green Bay Packers tight end Mark Chmura is considering retirement, even
though he has been cleared to play in the NFL.

The Packers released Chmura, 32, while he was awaiting trial on charges that he
enticed and sexually assaulted a 17-year-old girl at a post-prom party in April
2000. He was acquitted.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 6, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Congress Acts to Ease Plight of Black Colleges

BYLINE: By JULIE JOHNSON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 739 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 5


Congress, attaching special significance to the financial plight of black
colleges and universities, has increased the amount of Federal aid for those
schools by about 50 percent this year, to $73.1 million.

In including the money in the recently passed legislation financing the
Government through September, Congress also urged the Department of Education to
give special consideration to the needs of Atlanta University, a financially
troubled private institution that was the first graduate school established in
the United States solely to educate blacks.

The legislation includes money earmarked to be used to encourage blacks to seek
doctoral degrees to raise the number of black faculty members at all colleges
and universities, and it provides $957,000 for teaching disadvantaged and
low-income youth at the preschool, elementary and high school levels.

Renewing Attention on Schools

The action gained little attention in the $604 billion catchall spending bill
that became law on Dec. 22. But lawmakers, Congressional experts and lobbyists
for colleges say it is Congress's strongest statement to date in behalf of black
colleges.

Some experts said the measure had renewed attention to the needs of the nation's
historically black schools as they face declining enrollments, evaporating
scholarship money and escalating costs. All these problems, educators say, are
stretching to the limit the ability of black institutions to provide competitive
education.

''It's a significant step,'' said Representative John Lewis, a Georgia Democrat
who was a strong supporter of the measure.

Mr. Lewis, whose Congressional district encompasses Atlanta University,
characterized the school as the ''citadel of black education in this country.''
The university, which was established in 1865 and offers only graduate degrees,
reached a peak enrollment of nearly 2,000 students in the middle-1960's. At one
point, one of every three blacks in the country with master's degrees had gotten
them there. $11 Million Endowment But its enrollment has dropped by half and the
school's endowment is about $11 million, said Dr. Dorcas D. Bowles, the
university's acting president.

By comparison, according to the United Negro College Fund, the wealthiest black
institutions are Hampton University in Hampton, Va., with an endowment of $76
million; Spelman College in Atlanta, with $42 million, and Howard University in
Washington, with $41 million.

Dr. Bowles, conceding Atlanta University's financial difficulties, said black
colleges in general ''just have not gotten the kind of financial support'' that
is necessary for the high-technology and competitive programs essential to
prepare students for the next century.

Mr. Lewis said the Congressional commitment was especially important at a time
of Federal budget cuts when there is a ''perception within the black community
that black students are likely to be unable to pay for their tuition or get
grants or scholarship aid.''

'Much Stronger Statement'

Lawmakers said they aim to establish a more solid financial underpinning at the
institutions, like Atlanta University, that train many blacks, said Senator
Wyche Fowler Jr., Democrat of Georgia and a chief proponent of the black college
provision within the bill.

The $73.1 million compares with an average in the fiscal years 1984 to 1986 of
$43 million, according to Congressional aides and Department of Education
officials.

While Congress increased the amount to historically black colleges last year to
about $50 million, this year's allocation is a ''much stronger statement,'' said
an aide to Representative Louis Stokes, Democrat of Ohio, who has been a
longtime advocate of aid to black colleges.

The legislation also provides $239,000 for Patricia Roberts Harris Fellowships,
named after the late Cabinet Secretary in the Carter Administration. The money
is to ''provide supplemental financial aid to students and faculty from
historically black colleges who are pursuing doctoral degrees.''

The bill will give $520 million more to general higher educational programs.

Differences on How to Help

Bruce M. Carnes, Deputy Undersecretary of Education for planning, budget and
evaluation, said the Reagan Administration had long supported historically black
colleges and universities. But he said the Education Department took issue with
Congress on how such institutions could best be served.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              127 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 22, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BENEFITS

SECTION: Section 14; Column 3; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 738 words


Don't Leave Me This Way
WEDNESDAY -- The singer Thelma Houston will make a guest appearance at a dinner
and dance for the Henry Street Settlement at the Puck Building. The black-tie
event begins with drinks at 7:30 p.m. Tickets, $500, from (212) 807-7535.

Be Kind
WEDNESDAY -- A party at the Plaza will raise money for the American Society for
the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals. The black-tie evening begins with drinks
at 7, followed by dinner and dancing. Tickets, $600, from (212) 876-7700,
extension 4654.


The Art of Brooklyn
THURSDAY -- A black-tie dinner and dance in the third-floor Beaux Arts court of
the Brooklyn Museum of Art will raise money for its internship program for
college graduates. Cocktails at 6:30. Tickets, $300, from (718) 638-5000,
extension 423.

A Taste of the 60's
THURSDAY -- The young patrons of the New York Public Library will hold a party
with a 1960's theme that raises money to buy new works of fiction. The evening,
at the main library, begins with cocktails at 9. Black tie or 60's-themed
clothing. Tickets, $150, from (212) 930-0730.

Sounds of the 70's
THURSDAY -- Donna Summer will sing at a dinner-dance at the Waldorf-Astoria to
benefit urology programs of New York-Presbyterian Hospital. Drinks at 6:30.
Black tie. Tickets, $500, from (212) 305-2142.

For Better Hearing
THURSDAY -- The Children's Hearing Institute will raise money for its research
and treatment services with a dinner and dance at Cipriani 42nd Street, 110 East
42nd Street (Park Avenue). Drinks at 6:30. Tickets, $600, from (212) 605-3794.

Summer Visions
THURSDAY -- The Skowhegan School of Painting and Sculpture, a summer arts colony
in Maine, will give a black-tie dinner at the Plaza. Proceeds go to scholarships
for resident artists. Cocktails at 7. Tickets, $500, from (212) 245-6570.

The Leatherneck Ball
FRIDAY -- A dinner at the New York Hilton will raise money for the Marine Corps
Scholarship Foundation, which gives college tuition awards to children of
members and former members of the Marines. The evening begins with drinks at
6:30. Black tie or military dress. Tickets, $600, from (212) 997-0100.

Honoring a Queen
SATURDAY -- Queen Noor of Jordan will be honored at a dinner at the
Waldorf-Astoria. The dinner will benefit the 12 locations of Gilda's Club
Worldwide, which provides people living with cancer with help in coping with the
disease. The black-tie evening begins at 6:30. Tickets, $1,000, from (212)
533-3222, extension 106.

News, Past and Present
NEXT SUNDAY -- Rupert Murdoch will speak at a dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria to
raise money for the educational and outreach programs of the Museum of Jewish
Heritage. The black-tie evening begins with drinks at 6:30. Tickets, $1,000,
from (212) 968-1800, extension 115.

Contemporary Bidding
NEXT SUNDAY -- A dinner-dance and auction of contemporary artwork at Regent Wall
Street, 55 Wall Street, will raise money for the educational and exhibition
programs of the New Museum of Contemporary Art. Drinks at 7. Tickets, $500, from
(212) 219-1222, extension 226.

Angels of the Theater
APRIL 30 -- Annette Bening and Hal Holbrook will be among those honored at a
dinner at the Lighthouse, at the Chelsea Piers sports complex, to raise money
for the regional theaters supported by the National Corporate Theater Fund. The
black-tie evening begins with cocktails at 6:30. Tickets, $1,000, from (212)
343-1920.

Salute to Sondheim
APRIL 30 -- A benefit performance of "Follies" and a dinner honoring Stephen
Sondheim will raise money for the Roundabout Theater Company. The organization
mounts new and rarely staged musicals and provides a variety of programs for
students. The black-tie evening begins at 5:30 with drinks at Cafe Un Deux
Trois, 123 West 44th Street, with the show to follow at 6:45 at the nearby
Belasco Theater. The dinner at Cipriani 42nd Street begins at 9:30. Tickets,
$750, from (212) 719-9393, extension 9319.

First Among Ladies
MAY 1 -- Laura Bush will speak at a benefit dinner at Pier 60, at Chelsea Piers
for Teach for America. The corps brings recent college graduates to teach in
needy public schools.  The event begins with drinks at 6:30 p.m. Tickets, $600,
from (212) 675-9474.

Elton John on 42nd Street
MAY 2 -- Elton John will perform at Cipriani 42nd Street to raise money for the
Breast Cancer Research Foundation. The black-tie evening begins at 9:30 with
drinks and dessert, followed by the show. Tickets, $500, from (646) 497-2602.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              128 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 30, 1999 Saturday 2D EDITION

CENTRAL CITY Q: What about the IRS? Residents queried about grants' future

BYLINE: By George Lane, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. D-03

LENGTH: 791 words


Central City has taken a stab at clearing up the ongoing Internal Revenue
Service tax quagmire surrounding the historic preservation grants.

Since the 1997 ruling declaring the grants as taxable income, Colorado's
historic gambling towns have wrestled with its tax implications.

Central City's lastest attempt to address the issue involves questionnaires
listing options.

The city has mailed one to each resident offering the option of avoiding income
taxes on future grants to fix up their homes if homeowners relinquish a degree
of control over their property to the city.

Option two gives residents the chance to accept the grant money that comes
indirectly from gambling casinos, retain all control over their properties and
the restoration work and pay taxes to the Internal Revenue Service on the grant
money. A taxing question

"Our preference is to do it one way or the other," City Attorney Kerry Buckey
said Friday. "But I've got a feeling we'll have enough people on both sides of
it that we'll end up having to do it both ways."

The state constitutional amendment that allowed limited stakes gambling in the
three historic gold mining towns of Black Hawk, Central City and Cripple Creek
called for a portion of the gambling tax money to be used for the preservation
and restoration of historic properties in those towns.

Since 1994 Central City and Black Hawk have had programs that supplied grant
money to homeowners for new roofs, foundation work and other repairs to the
aging properties. Because of the restrictions on how the money could be used,
the residents and city officials treated it as nontaxable grant money.

However, Buckey said the federal government informed the residents in late 1997
that the grant money was considered income and they would have to pay taxes on
it. Millions of dollars involved

Central City has awarded an estimated $ 500,000 in grants with no grant larger
than $ 7,500 during the past two years. Grants in Black Hawk since the program
started have totaled more than $ 2 million.

The restoration grant program in the town of Cripple Creek near Colorado Springs
wasn't started until after the IRS ruling, so back taxes are not a problem.

The town of Black Hawk has reached a settlement with the government and will pay
$ 600,000 to resolve the back taxes issue.

Black Hawk spokesman Roger Baker said that from now on the town will provide
grant money to cover the increased tax payments that might be caused by the
fixup grants.

Buckey said Central City still hasn't decided if a settlement should be
negotiated for the taxes on grants made during the past few years. The letter
was sent in an effort to deal with future taxes.

"As you know the IRS considers the grant funds the city has distributed in the
past to be taxable income to the homeowner," said the letter, signed by
Community Development Director Larry Lorentzen. Options listed

"The city is disputing this determination, but the only way to ensure future
grants are not taxable income to the recipients is to provide funding with the
following stipulations:

"Structure the program so that the recipient/property owner has no control over
the rehabilitation work that is performed on the property.

"Make no payments for the rehabilitation directly to the recipient/property
owner.

"The city must select the contractor, negotiate the terms of the contract and
pay for the work that is performed.

"Execute (a) covenant on each property specifying that the city has control over
the rehabilitation of the property for historic purposes and that the historic
integrity of the property will be maintained. Should the owner not maintain the
property, the city may enter the property, perform the work, and change the
owner." Answers due Feb. 12

The other option offered in the letter:

Pay taxes on the grant received as the homeowner's contribution to the project
in order for the homeowner to have considerable control over the work performed
and the contractor and not be required to record a preservation easement on the
property.

Buckey and Lorentzen said that while giving restoration control over to the city
may be an undesirable option for many residents, it may be the only option for
other residents who are retired and possibly living on fixed incomes.

"Some of these people are cash-short older people living on Social Security or
whatever," Buckey said. "If you give them too large a grant, it kicks them up
(to a higher income bracket) where their Social Security is taxable. So there
are various reasons why they might not want to take the grant on this."

Residents have been given until Feb. 12 to return the questionnaires. The issue
then will be considered during a city council meeting.


LOAD-DATE: February 01, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 21, 2009 Saturday

Fate of farmers market: Rep. Black vows to protect it; occupants unsure

BYLINE: Johnna Pinholster, The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1526 words


Feb. 21--VALDOSTA  -- The Georgia State Farmers Market in Valdosta will be
protected by local legislators.

Rep. Ellis Black, D-Valdosta, said the future of the Valdosta markets does
involve a plan to develop and protect the entire property if the state gives up
ownership of the property.

"I see a tremendous opportunity down here with the land," Black said. "We could
expand to bring in an ag processing plant and bring in additional wholesalers."

Black said he has already been in contact with the South Regional Joint
Development Authority to possibly help develop the 22 acres to complement the
existing businesses as well as benefit the community and agricultural economy.

Today, Black said, half of the groceries consumed by people are not eaten at
home, making wholesale produce a growth market.

"The old concept where a farmer grows the produce, puts it in a pick-up and
brings it to the market to sell has gone the way of the mule," Black said. "We
have packing sheds in the area now shipping from the farm to New York City."

Though the markets are not used in the same fashion that was the norm 30 and 40
years ago, farmers still bring their produce to the markets to be sold, and
people still come to the markets to purchase the product, said Rex Ethridge,
Farmer Brown's owner.

This has also allowed the markets to branch out  -- both Farmer Brown's and
Carter and Sons sell wholesale to various businesses in the area.

Farmer Brown's, which is also managed by Ethridge's sons, Phil and Rex Jr.,
wholesales to 50 different schools and more than 100 different restaurants.

Black considers the wholesale business the new face of agriculture.

"That is a growth industry, and in that location, it can do great things for the
community," he said. "But right now I don't believe I or anybody else could get
the money through the Department of Agriculture."

The money could come through the Georgia Department of Economic Development,
Black said.

To utilize those funds for the property, the Department of Agriculture could not
possess the property, he said. The property would need to be managed by a local
government entity to receive economic development funds from the state.

Plans for the property are merely preparations for an uncertain future, Black
said. He does not believe any action will be taken concerning the property
during this legislative session.

"The State of Georgia operates 14 farmers markets across Georgia, generating
nearly $7 million in income, with an operating cost of a little over $4 million,
leaving a net profit for the state of $2,327,416," Black said. "The Atlanta
markets alone generate over $5 million with a net profit of $2,612,287. Needless
to say, some of the other markets lose money, but the Valdosta market generates
a small profit."

The fact that the market makes a profit is why the current vendors are baffled
that closure has even been discussed.

Agricultural tradition

Ethridge considers the farmers markets a vital part of the community. For 30
years, Ethridge has operated Farmer Brown's Produce at the Georgia State Farmers
Market in Valdosta.

"The farmers market is still thriving," Ethridge said.

The markets provide a place for the community to purchase a wide variety of
produce at a much cheaper price that that found in grocery stores, he said.

Bobby Guess has been renting out space at the farmers market since 1953.

B.E. Guess and Sons Pecan Co. was started by Guess's father.

"When I was 8 years old, my daddy had me on the market selling produce," Guess
said. "We had two stalls on the old market."

That rich tradition is one of the many reasons Guess feels the market is vital
to Valdosta and the state of Georgia.

Guess's sons, Clay and Sam, along with the second and third generations at
Farmer Brown's and Carter and Sons, respectively, are helping continue the
tradition of the farmers markets.

The Valdosta farmers market continues to provide a quality service for both the
farmer and consumer, a service that generates millions of dollars a year within
the county, Ethridge said.

The state of Georgia hurt the markets years ago, Guess said.

"They made a big mistake when they started putting markets in every little
one-light town," Guess said.

That stretched the product too thin, and some of the smaller markets have
struggled to survive.

Ethridge said he has known about the discussion to close some of the state
farmers markets that are no longer being adequately used.

"If they are not being used and costing the state, give it to the city or county
and let them do something with it to generate some money," Ethridge said.

Close a market that is not producing, not one that is generating money for both
the county and state, Guess said.

Matt Carter said Carter and Sons Produce pays more than $5,000 a year in rental
fees.

The rent differs according to the amount of space a vendor has and if the vendor
also farms, Sam Guess aid.

He and Ethridge pay around the same rate, Guess said, with the rent increasing
$30 dollars around 2004-2005.

"It goes up but nothing comes back," Guess said. "The rent we pay in, that's
what we get back out of it."

"I work hard for my money, I know them Carter boys do, and I know Rex does,"
Guess said.

A return to the past

Legislators have been advocating for the closure or release of state control
over farmers markets years before Black was in the legislature, he said.

In 2003, a Republican majority senate considered removing funding for all the
markets, except Atlanta and Cordele, from the state budget, he said.

"A number of us in the house went to our members of the Conference Committee on
the budget and were able to get them to hold our position on that part of the
budget and save these markets," Black said.

A 2007 study committee that analyzed the future of the markets made final
recommendations that some farmers markets be declared surplus property and
disposed of.

"The recommendations for the Valdosta market call for deeding over to a local
authority with the agreement that a portion of the property remain as an active
market for as long as possible," Black said. "The study committee recognized the
market was a valuable asset for the local community farmers and also an
excellent market for local consumers to get fresh, locally grown vegetables."

Currently, there is no bill to take action on the recommendations of the study
committee, he said.

"But things like this can happen very quickly, and it has been my intention to
have a plan available that will keep this property as a farmers market and also
protect the current tenants in the event that some action is initiated," Black
said. "It is far better to be prepared for disaster and it not happen than to
sit around and have no plan when disaster hits."

The vendors do pay rent to the state, but that money goes directly into the
general fund, not to the Georgia Department of Agriculture which subsidizes the
markets.

"We have to appropriate money to cover the expense of operating the markets,"
Black said. "And with the budgeting process anything can happen right up to the
last minute of the last day."

Black said one of the reasons a transfer of ownership could be beneficial is
funds might actually trickle down from the state level to help maintain the
markets once the property is managed by a different entity.

The Georgia Department of Agriculture not having enough money to cover
construction or repair expenses at the market is not new, Ethridge said.

"They don't have any money now (and) they didn't have it 30 years ago," he said,
"though they have spent money on the Atlanta market."

Ethridge estimates he has spent thousands on maintenance and upkeep through the
years.

"The market is basically like it was when it was built in the 40s," Guess said.
"The market has always made money for the simple fact they never spent money on
it."

The market would generate even more revenue if signs were placed out on
Interstate 75 to alert travelers of a Georgia State Farmers Market in Valdosta,
Guess said.

"There are no signs coming from Florida into Georgia, nor coming south from
Tifton. Never been one that I know of," Guess said. "But there is one for the
Cordele market and the Atlanta market. Why has Lowndes County been overlooked
right here, right beside the main artery of the state?"

Black is confident that if a decision is made concerning the future of the
markets, the legislative body and local entities will have time to implement
plans to keep the farmers market.

"In my best judgment right now, the state is not going to be appropriating money
to do anything with the markets," Black said.

Guess is not convinced that the market is safe and wants the entire community to
contact area representatives to let them know the importance of keeping the
market open.

To see more of The Valdosta Daily Times, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.valdostadailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Valdosta Daily
Times, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090221-VD-Fate-of-farmers-market-0221

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                                 Copyright 2009


                              130 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 23, 2009 Thursday
                                National Edition

Ten players to watch this weekend at Glen Abbey

BYLINE: National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S3

LENGTH: 1  words

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo:; MIKE WEIR Canada World ranking 27th 2009 money list $1,690,409 (25th)
2009 top 10s Four Best finish 2nd: AT&T Pebble Beach Crowd favourite has
finished tied for fifth and second in his last two trips to Glen Abbey. ; Black
& White
Photo:; CAMILO VILLEGAS Colombia World ranking 13th 2009 money list $1,447,383
(37th) 2009 top 10s Three Best finish T-3rd: Buick Invitational Last year's
FedEx cup runner-up tops all Canadian Open competitors at 13th in the world
rankings. ; Black & White
Photo:; ANTHONY KIM United States World ranking 17th 2009 money list $1,486,283
(31st) 2009 top 10s Two Best finish T-2nd:Mercedes-Benz Championship Two-time
winner is just 24. He finished third at the AT&T before missing the cut at the
British Open. ; Black & White
Photo:; STEVE MARINO United States World ranking 77th 2009 money list $1,504,539
(30th) 2009 top 10s Three Best finish 2nd: Crowne Plaza at Colonial Early
contender at British Open has made 12 of last 13 cuts. He tied for third here
last year. ; Black & White
Photo:; LUKE DONALD England World ranking 25th 2009 money list $1,705,047 (24th)
2009 top 10s Five Best finish 2nd: Verizon Heritage Englishman tied for fifth at
British Open ; is tied for seventh in scoring average on PGA Tour. ; Black &
White
Photo:; JOHN MALLINGER United States World ranking 87th 2009 money list
$1,623,190 (28th) 2009 top 10s Four Best finish 2nd: U. S. Bank Championship
Owner of four top-10 finishes this year is coming off a playoff loss in
Milwaukee. ; Black & White
Photo:; SEAN O'HAIR United States World ranking 15th 2009 money list $3,169,743
(7th) 2009 top 10s Six Best finish 1st: Quail Hollow Championship Seventh on
Tour money list with US$3.17-million this year, O'Hair tied for third at Glen
Abbey last year. ; Black & White
Photo:; STEPHEN AMES Canada World ranking 56th 2009 money list $866,638 (69th)
2009 top 10s Three Best finish T-5th:BobHopeClassic Finished tied for 10th at
last month's U. S. Open, and is 15th on the tour in all-around ranking. ; Black
& White
Photo:; RETIEF GOOSEN South Africa World ranking 21st 2009 money list $2,166,365
(16th) 2009 top 10s Three Best finish 1st: Transitions Championship Two-time U.
S. Open champ tied for fifth at the British Open, his third top-10 finish in 13
starts. ; Black & White
Photo:; JOHN DALY United States World ranking N/A 2009 money list $59,890
(208th) 2009 top 10s None Best finish T27th: British Open Grip-it-and-rip-it
king surprised many by tying for 27th at the British Open, his second tournament
this year. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Caption

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              February 7, 2001, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

BLACK GROUP PROTESTS CITY'S ALLOCATION OF ANTI-AIDS FUNDS

BYLINE: Deborah L. Shelton; Of The Post-DispatchPROTEST; DEMONSTRATION; ST.
LOUIS CITY; FUNDING; AIDS

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B6

LENGTH: 259 words


A community-based AIDS services organization is protesting the way the city
health department allocates money to fight HIV/AIDS in African-Americans.

Blacks Assisting Blacks Against AIDS demonstrated Tuesday outside the
headquarters of the St. Louis Department of Health at 634 North Grand Boulevard.

The city health department distributes about $ 240,000 in federal money to local
groups for prevention activities. Last year, Blacks Assisting Blacks Against
AIDS received about $ 34,000. This year, the group's funding was slashed.

"More than 50 percent of the people with HIV/AIDS in this region are
African-American, yet our organization received only $ 11,00 out of that $
240,000," said Erise Williams, the organization's executive director.

Health department spokeswoman Ellen Ellick said the group is not getting as much
funding as it requested, "but it's not true that the African-American community
will receive less money for HIV/AIDS prevention activities."

About 65 percent of the federal money will go to local groups that provide
services to African-Americans, she said. "Blacks Assisting Blacks Against AIDS
is not the only organization that provides HIV/AIDS prevention in the
African-American community," she said.

Williams said the group deserved a larger share of the money because it is the
only minority AIDS group. "People are more receptive to getting information from
people who look like them and understand their culture," he said.

The group plans to protest the funding cuts today in front of City Hall.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              132 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   January 29, 2005 Saturday Michigan Edition

Home sweet home;
Young bachelor branches out to own stylish niche

BYLINE: By BECKY EMMONS; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: HOME; Pg. D1; AT HOME

LENGTH: 684 words


SOUTH BEND -- The time for hosting lively keggers had passed and one young
bachelor was ready to settle down.

After college, after spending years living with "a bunch of guys," after
settling into a career, Matt Money admits that his priorities changed. He was
ready to have his own space, invest in a house of his own.

And, when that time came, he knew exactly what type of house he wanted. Money,
27, a financial center manager for MFB, preferred an older home with "character"
in a neighborhood near Notre Dame.

He particularly liked the North Shore Triangle neighborhood bounded by the St.
Joseph River, Indiana 933 (old U.S. 31), and Angela Boulevard. After looking for
many months, in June of 2004 he found the ideal home -- a two-bedroom bungalow
on Angela.

"I liked this area," he says. "I knew that a lot of young people live here, and
eventually, maybe I could rent to Notre Dame students."

Not that he's planning to move anytime soon.

"As soon as I walked in, I fell in love with it," says Money, standing in a
living room that has a crisp, cosmopolitan feel to it. He mentions the specific
features that attracted him -- the beautifully-finished hardwood floors, the
wide archway dividing the living and dining rooms, the window seat in the dining
room.

"These two rooms sold me," he says of the living and dining rooms.

The tan walls in the living room and dining room contrast with stark white
woodwork and a lot of sleek black accessories.

Pointing to the living room area rug on the mellow hardwood floors, he says he
immediately liked this rug that he found at Target, and he took his color scheme
from its tones of tans, greens and blues. Sage green sofas are piled with
solid-color throw pillows in cream and other shades of green. Accent tables and
picture frames are black.

Similar colors accent his bedroom. Tan and cream bedding is piled onto a bed
whose headboard was made by his sister, Elizabeth, of Bloomington, whose degree
is in studio art.

He explains that Elizabeth made the black, padded headboard by taking three
pieces of plywood, applying padding, then covering them in black vinyl. The
three rectangular pieces, butted together, form a simple and distinctive
headboard.

The kitchen is another story. Its vivid, marine blue walls pop in contrast to
the more muted tan and sage green elsewhere.

The color was pulled from another of Elizabeth's works. She made a 3-foot
diameter round mosaic in blue and white pieces of tile and blue glass.

Money and his mother, Johanna, painted the dark brown kitchen cabinets white,
and the effect is stunning.

Finishing off the room is an old black and white metal table that he found in
Johanna's basement. Around the table are four odd chairs he picked up at garage
sales and painted black. As in the other rooms, black accents carry throughout
the kitchen.

"It was a joint effort. My sister and my mom and my former girlfriend had a lot
of input," he says.

Money also is happy with his enclosed front porch, the rear deck, the large,
fenced back yard and the two-car garage -- just about anything a single, young
man could hope for in his first house.

To help with expenses, he recently took in a roommate, a friend who is an MRI
tech who works a night shift in St. Joseph. Their schedules are such that they
seldom see each other except on weekends.

Luckily, his roommate has similar tastes and shares Money's penchant for
tidiness.

"Oh, yes, this is different," he says. "In college I lived with a bunch of guys,
then I graduated and came back here (to South Bend). I didn't want to live at
home with my mom so I lived with another bunch of guys. It gets old, coming home
to a messy house. I never wanted to buy anything nice because I was afraid it'd
get trashed."

He has enjoyed investing in some nice furniture and fixing up the house to suite
his tastes.

"Your lifestyle changes," he says. "You don't want to party every weekend. You
go from charging for a kegger to just having a few people over for drinks and
board games."

Staff writer Becky Emmons:

bemmons@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6480


LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Matt Money found that the two-bedroom bungalow on Angela Boulevard,
South Bend, was just the right size for his "bachelor pad."   Tribune
Photo/BECKY EMMONS  Money pulled his colors for his living room from the area
rug he found at Target.  Tribune Photo/SANTIAGO FLORES  Money pauses in the
kitchen he and his mother, Johanna, repainted. Its colors were drawn from the
blue and white mosaic his sister, Elizabeth, created for him.     Throughout his
house, Money has individualized his new home with a lot of photographs of
friends and family, all in crisp black frames.  Tribune Photos SANTIAGO FLORES
Money's bedroom follows his tan, black and white color scheme.  Tribune
Photo/SANTIAGO FLORES

                 Copyright 2005 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              133 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 13, 1983, Tuesday, Final Edition

Fred Black's Attorney Says His Client Is 'Broke';
Indicted Former Lobbyist Remains in Jail

BYLINE: By Al Kamen, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C5

LENGTH: 511 words


Former Washington lobbyist Fred B. Black Jr., indicted by a federal grand jury
Friday in connection with an alleged scheme involving money laundering and a
nationwide cocaine distribution ring, remained in D.C. Jail yesterday in lieu of
$50,000 bond.

"Mr. Black, as he sits here before you, is broke," Black's lawyer, Thomas R.
Dyson, told U.S. District Court Magistrate Patrick J. Attridge at a bond
hearing. Dyson asked that Black, 69, be released on personal recognizance.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Knight, who called Black the "kingpin" of the
alleged drug ring, argued that there was a "strong case against him" and that he
had every reason to flee.

Dyson said Black denied "each and every allegation as it relates to his being
the 'kingpin' of any drug ring." The indictment against Black, who lives in a
rented apartment in the Watergate complex, charged him with "participating in
and conspiring to participate in a racketeer-influenced and corrupt
organization; interstate travel in furtherance of racketeering; income tax
evasion and concealing information from the Internal Revenue Service; mail
fraud, wire fraud, currency reporting violations, and conspiracy to distribute
cocaine."

Attridge reduced Black's bond from $100,000 to $50,000, but denied Dyson's
request that his client be allowed to put up 10 percent in cash to be released.
Attridge insisted that a bondsman guarantee Black's appearance in court, which
means Black would have to pledge assets to a bondsman to cover the total bond.

Dyson said after the hearing that he would see if that could be arranged. Black,
who appeared drawn and pale at the hearing, was returned to D.C. Jail, where he
has been held since his arrest Friday.

Former Riggs National Bank vice president William G. Hessler, 46, of Rockville,
who was indicted on charges of mail fraud, misapplication of bank funds, and
currency reporting violations while allegedly helping Black launder money
through shell corporate accounts at the bank's Watergate branch, was freed
Saturday on a $20,000 unsecured bond.

Lawrence G. Strickland, 32, of Bethesda, alleged to be the chief distributor of
the drug ring--which investigators estimate sold more than $50 million of
cocaine from 1977 to 1982--was held in the federal witness protection program,
knowledgeable sources said yesterday.

FBI agents searched for six others indicted by the grand jury after a year-long
investigation by the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Customs Service, the FBI
and the Drug Enforcement Administration. Two of those sought were Colombian
citizens living in Miami who are alleged to have imported the drug into this
country. The indictment alleged that the ring distributed cocaine in the
District, Texas, California, New Jersey and other locations.

East Orange, N.J., attorney John C. Tarantino, arrested at his home there on
Friday, was freed on $50,000 bond. That bond was set by a federal magistrate in
New Jersey on Friday. Others in the case are to be arraigned Wednesday before
U.S. District Judge Thomas F. Hogan.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              134 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             October 8, 2006 Sunday

Schwarzenegger woos black voters;
Governor lures voters with after-school aid program that started political
career

SECTION: Z_STATE

LENGTH: 369 words

DATELINE: SACRAMENTO


Hoping to attract support among black voters in his re-election race, Gov.
Arnold Schwarzenegger is aggressively courting black clergy by luring them to
the same after-school aid program that was a springboard for his political
career.

About $500 million in state grant money for schools, nonprofit groups and
faith-based institutions is available this year for the first time under
Proposition 49, the initiative Schwarzenegger promoted in 2002.

That effort lay the groundwork for his entry into the recall campaign the next
year.

In recent months, the governor's staff has been offering black churches help in
applying for the competitive grants as part of an effort to peel off black
support from state Treasurer Phil Angelides, Schwarzenegger's Democratic
challenger.

In August, Margaret Fortune, a black aide to the governor who was responsible
for alerting black churches they might qualify for Prop. 49 money, took a leave
of absence to join the campaign.

Last month, she appeared with Schwarzenegger at Allen Temple Baptist Church in
Oakland, telling the congregation she was helping a group of black churches
apply for state grant money.

''It sounds like it's walking right up to the line of buying endorsements with
public money,'' said Ned Wigglesworth, policy advocate for California Common
Cause, a nonpartisan government watchdog group.

The Prop. 49 grants will be dispensed by the California Department of Education,
run by the superintendent of public instruction, Democrat Jack O'Connell. None
of the funds have yet been given out.

It is unusual for a Republican governor to spend time wooing blacks, who
traditionally are solid Democratic voters.

Not everyone approves.

''Faith-based entities are certainly not for sale,'' said the Rev. Harold R.
Mayberry, senior pastor at First African Methodist Episcopal Church in Oakland.

Katie Levinson, a spokeswoman for the Schwarzenegger campaign, declined to
comment on Mayberry's remarks, but said the governor aims to be competitive ''in
every community.''

Polls show the outreach is paying off. Although 9 percent of blacks are
registered Republicans, Schwarzenegger is supported by 20 percent of likely
black voters, said Mark DiCamillo, director of the Field Poll.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 4, 1982, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

BLACKS AND ALLIES STUDYING POLITICS

BYLINE: By REGINALD STUART, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 22, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 770 words

DATELINE: JACKSON, Miss., April 2


This time next year, 61-year-old Wilmon Buckley hopes that his name will be
among the ranks of this state's elected officials as a supervisor in Simpson
County. His only problem, he confides, is that he has no clear idea how to
achieve that goal.

''There's so much I know I don't know,'' said the soft-spoken, brown-skinned
man, who retired in 1980 from the United States Army and wants to run in this
year's elections.

Mr. Buckley is not alone in being a novice in an increasingly sophisticated
arena, one characterized by extensive use of the electronic media and computer
analyses of voters. It was those realities that drew him and several hundred
other people here today for a meeting with political professionals bent on
teaching the art of campaigning.

The two-day training school is the first such session sponsored by the
Parker-Coltrane Political Action Committee. Electing blacks and progressive
whites to public office is the sole interest of the group, which is named after
two distinguished jazz musicians, John Coltrane and Charlie (Bird) Parker.

'The Art and Science' of Politics

''We thought it was about time that we began to study the art and science of
taking care of political business,'' said John Conyers Jr., a United States
Representative from Michigan, as he welcomed participants today. Mr. Conyers, a
Democrat who has been in in the House since 1964, is the organizer of the
political action committee, which is supported by several entertainers and a
group of liberal black and white members of the House.

It was a gesture of help welcomed by Mr. Buckley, who later had a chance to
shake hands with Mr. Conyers. ''I'm up here to get all the information I can,
carry it back and put it to work,'' he said, noting that a black had never
served on the five-member Board of Supervisors in Simpson County and that his
work was cut out for him.

Political action committees began to emerge in the past decade as revisions in
Federal election laws allowed special-interest groups to funnel money to
selected candidates and causes. Today the groups are as commonplace as table
salt, except in black political circles.

In the past year, besides the establishment of the Parker-Coltrane group, the
Congressional Black Caucus has organized a political action committee to raise
money for the re-election of black members of Congress.

Third Group Being Set Up

Mayor Richard Hatcher of Gary, Ind., is setting up another political action
committee called Blackpac that would finance campaigns aimed at defeating
members of Congress, primarily those who vote against liberal or progressive
causes. Another supporter of his effort is State Senator Julian Bond of Georgia.

The three new political action committees have complementary objectives, said
Mr. Bond and officials of the Parker-Coltrane group.  The nation's drift toward
conservatism on many social and economic issues spells trouble for the agenda of
the poor, both black and white, they say. And they add that the ''new
federalism'' program of the Reagan Administration is shifting greater power into
the hands of state and local officials who have often been more conservative
than the Federal Government.

''The battle over state legislative lines that emerged during redistricting last
year showed people where it's at,'' said 24-yearold Andy Lugar, the Amherst
College graduate who is acting director of the Parker-Coltrane group.

Focus on State and Local Races

The Parker-Coltrane group, in some respects a revival of the old Southern
Elections Fund, a private group that raised money for black candidates, intends
to focus on local and state elections, said Mr.  Lugar.

In addition to teaching people how to campaign, the organization will make
contributions to candidates whom it thinks have the potential to win.

On the agenda for Mr. Buckley and others at this session were lessons on how
seasoned political campaigners and groups, particularly from organized labor, go
about selecting the best candidate to run for an office, how potential
candidates can assess their chances for victory, methods of canvassing and ways
to raise money and account for expenditures. Other sessions looked at ways to
handle publicity and Election Day strategies to mobilize voters.

The Parker-Coltrane group plans 10 more campaign training schools elsewhere in
the South this year, said Mr. Lugar.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of John Conyers addressing Parker-Coltrane PAC

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              136 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 19, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A COLLEGE FOR BLACKS: ONE WHITE'S FIGHT

BYLINE: By PEGGIE I. EVANS; Peggie I. Evans contributes to The New York Times
from Houston.

SECTION: Section 12; Page 55, Column 1; Survey of Education Desk

LENGTH: 992 words


KENDLETON, Tex.

ON a hot August summer morning in 1960, the Rev. J. H. Germany was confronted
near his home in rural Union, Miss., by angry members of a nearby church. The 20
white men, some of them brandishing guns, ordered the young black men working
with the white minister on the school- construction site to leave. The men, who
included church elders and prominent Union residents, circled him and watched as
six of them severely beat the minister.

Mr. Germany had opened a small Bible college for blacks on his dairy farm in
Union, the town where he had been born and raised. The mob's attack a few months
after the school opened had been triggered by his refusal to heed warnings that
his violation of Union's social code and the segregation laws of Mississipi
would not be tolerated. The school, with its integrated living arrangement, was
too much for Union's whites to endure.

Family and supporters convinced Mr. Germany that he had to leave Mississippi and
go elsewhere if he wanted to pursue his long-held goal to train black leaders
for the Church of God. So in the spring of 1961, with three blacks from
Mississippi as students, Mr. Germany opened a school in a cluster of wooden
shacks in Kendleton, a rural black town founded by freed slaves 50 miles south
of Houston.  Little has changed at the school through the years. Today, Bay
Ridge Christian College continues its struggle for survival. With an average
annual enrollment of 35 students, it remains small, poor and unaccredited. Its
campus is but a scattering of small brick buildings built by staff members and
students.

Mr. Germany, now 70 years old, still crisscrosses the country in a travel
trailer to raise money from sympathetic churchgoers, just as he did in the
school's early days. The school has held to its tradition of training black
church leaders to serve the small poor churches of the South. And it still
offers vocational courses such as carpentry and printing to provide money-making
skills to those ministering to congregations too poor to pay for spiritual
guidance.

In its 23 years, some 400 students have attended the college, and 137 have
graduated. All work at jobs arranged through the college to pay their tuition
and board, which is $1,200 annually.

The Church of God, with headquarters in Indiana and a nationwide membership of
more than 180,000, has given the school its blessing to train church leaders,
but has refused to provide direct funds for the college. Black church leaders
and some school officials say the refusal to finance the school is racially
motivated, an allegation the church denies.

''Racism is part of the fiber of the American church,'' said M. Tyrone Cushman,
a black Church of God minister from Pasadena, Calif., who delivered an and
emotional commencement address at the school last spring. ''We're not practicing
what we preach.''

''We've been discriminated against by some of the leadership of the Church of
God, but not by the church itself,'' said Mr. Germany, who refuses to make any
direct criticisms of the way his school has been received by the church.

Mr. Germany, a carpenter who lives on the campus in a small cement-block home
that he designed himself, has supported himself over the years with a thriving
bird-dog business he maintains behind his home. Last year, he and his wife,
Jennetta, who is 71, contributed $4,000 to the college with money earned from
selling the dogs.

WHILE the school's students are almost without exception black, almost half of
the 20 or so faculty members and staff at the school are white. Many are retired
people with other sources of income who can afford to work for the school's low
pay. Younger faculty members moonlight at a variety of jobs to supplement their
meager salaries. And most of the staff view their service to the school as
missionary work.

''I'm here because I feel the Lord directed me here first as student and then as
a faculty member,'' said the school's dean, Elbert Williams, who like most black
faculty members at the school graduated from Bay Ridge, earned a graduate degree
elsewhere, and then returned to teach at the school.

''The money here is not great, the hours are long, and the sacrifice is great,''
said the 38-year-old Mr. Williams, who earns $13,000 annually in the post. ''But
this institution is a place for young people to find direction. If I can be a
part of that, it's a great ministry.''

Charles Dennison, the school's only white graduate until this year, was
appointed in 1982 to succeed Mr. Germany as president by the college's 24 board
members, more than half of whom are black. Mr. Dennison, who came to the school
as a missionary in 1969 and stayed, was appointed to the post, board officials
say, because the school was unable to recruit a qualified black for the $14,000-
a-year job. Mr. Dennison, who is 45, has declined to accept the salary because
he says the school needs the money for other things. He and his family are
supported by his wife, a teacher in a nearby town.

Mr. Germany, who has retired, said he was not disappointed that the college had
not grown and thrived as he envisioned when he started the school. ''We did the
best we could with the resources we had available,'' he said.

''Germany has bled for blacks, he's hurt for blacks, and he's given up
comforts'' to help blacks, said Mr. Cushman. He expressed doubt that the school
would be able to obtain continued support after Mr. Germany was gone.

Church of God white congregations provide 85 percent of the donations received
by the school. But the school's ''poor child psychology'' of training poor
students to serve poor churches, coupled with the school's continued white
leadership, has left black church leaders cold, Mr. Cushman said. Nevertheless,
Mr. Germany's faith in the school persists. ''The Lord didn't start something he
couldn't finish,'' he said. ''The Lord didn't lead me through this for
nothing.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Bay Ridge Christan College students ; photo of Rev. J. H.
Germany

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              137 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            November 5, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Carter may have waited too long

BYLINE: Lydia Hinshaw

SECTION: SECTION D; Eye on Sports; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 534  words


Four years ago, it looked as if Vince Carter had been both smart enough and
lucky enough to sever his relationship with William Tank Black in time to avoid
serious financial pain. But if Tuesdays jury award stands, Carters relationship
with Black will have cost him more than any single victim of the former agents
criminal activities. Carter plans to appeal the verdict, which ordered him to
pay Black $4.7 million in lost commissions and damages. Most of this money was
supposedly earned by Black before Carter fired him, and therefore is not in the
same legal category as the money that disappeared from the accounts of a number
of other athletes. This is not much of a distinction if youre the one writing
the check, however. The most aggrieved of Blacks clients, according to published
reports at the time, was Jaguars running back Fred Taylor who lost about $3.6
million. The funds that vanished while under Blacks care totaled at least $12
million. Carters personal losses were a reported $130,000. TOO LOYAL, TOO LONG
Five other NFL players testified along with Taylor at Blacks fraud trial in
Gainesville in January, 2002. Black was found guilty and is serving a federal
prison sentence. According to the Bureau of Prisons Web site, his release date
is May 6, 2008. Carter stayed loyal to Black longer than most clients, and this
is likely a key reason for the jury award in South Carolina earlier this week.
Black had been the subject of a number of investigations by several agencies
beginning as early as the fall of 1999, according to a chronology put together
by Sports Illustrated. But Carter did not jump ship until March, 2000, just a
few days after Black was indicted. According to testimony in the recent trial in
South Carolina, Carter continued to sign endorsement deals with Black up until
just days before ending their relationship. Even if Carter winds up dispatching
a truckload of cash to a federal lockup, Black may not be able to stuff the
money in his prison mattress for long. Taylor and Ike Hilliard, a wide receiver
with the New York Giants, filed suit against Black and a number of his
associates in U.S. District Court in Gainesville in May, 2000, in an attempt to
recover some of their money. The case, now four and a half years old, is still
open, and there may be others like it out there, too. PICKETT ON TV On a more
pleasant note, Mainland grad Tim Pickett is going to be on television again, and
this time more of us will be able to see him. Last month, an NBA camera crew
followed Pickett and other New Orleans Hornets hopefuls around to produce a a
behind-the-scenes mini- series about training camp. The finished product has
already aired on NBA TV, the leagues pay channel. The next three Sundays, the
mini- series will be shown on NBA Inside Stuff on ABC (Channel 9) at 12:30 p.m.
An NBA spokeswoman confirms that this will be basically the same series that was
shown on NBA TV, with the addition of hosts Ahmad Rashad and Summer Sanders,
plus updates of various story lines. Picketts updated story line: He made the
Hornets 15-man roster, but is on the injured list, where teams are allowed to
carry three players in addition to the 12 they dress for games.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              138 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 16, 1989 Monday

Black organized crime disguised by racial stereotyping, police   told

BYLINE: TIMOTHY APPLEBY; GAM

LENGTH: 793 words

DATELINE: LOUISVILLE, Ky.


BY  TIMOTHY APPLEBY
 The Globe and Mail
  LOUISVILLE, Ky.
    Black organized crime has been ingrained in U.S. society for decades,
police chiefs from around the world were told this weekend, but it has
been cloaked by a "veil of secrecy" rooted in racial stereotypes.

As black officers in the audience nodded in agreement, Frederick
Martens, the executive director of the Pennsylvania Crime Commission, told
a workshop that three successive presidential commissions have ignored the
phenomenon.

Mr. Martens was speaking at the annual convention of the International
Association of Chiefs of Police . Law enforcement officers from about 22
countries have shown up so far.

"There's a mindset out there that there's a lack of capacity of black
people to organize," Mr. Martens said.

"It gets referred to as disorganized crime and, if it doesn't fit the
model of  la cosa nostra, then it can't be organized crime."

He prefaced his remarks by emphasizing his view that no racial group is
intrinsically crime-prone.

Rather, he said, organized crime "is part of our history, it was born
out of American enterprise," and U.S. blacks are in a long line of
minorities who have realized that "money buys dignity."

Black crime syndicates date back to the 1920s, when they ran numbers
rackets and loan sharking, Mr. Martens said.

Today, they are concentrating on the West Coast. He cited a Los Angeles
cocaine organization whose kingpin, despite being in jail, was able to
expedite major drug deals in other states, and also ran legitimate
businesses in Beverly Hills.

Many other black crime groups, he said, have links across the country.
Yet there has been a wilful reluctance to accept that black criminals are
as skilful as anyone else at laundering money, for instance, Mr. Martens
said.

Most recently, president Ronald Reagan struck a commission to examine
organized crime. At the end of its three-year study in 1986, Mr. Martens
said, 10 of the 18 members dissented from its findings on the grounds that
"the commission has failed to address the roles of American blacks . . .
and Jewish organized crime."

U.S. police have been more ready to acknowledge this "avenue of social
mobility" than have politicians and officials, he said, citing a New York
Police Department study identifying 64 of 200 organized-crime groups in
the state as being black.

His remarks struck a chord.

"It was obvious where I was growing up on the block - Bedford-
Stuyvesant (an impoverished district in New York City) - that it was all
organized," one black officer said.

"This is something we ought to be preparing for," said Kansas City
Police Chief Larry Joiner, who heads the IACP's organized crime committee.

Despite the international flavor of the conference, the overwhelming
majority of the roughly 8,000 delegates at the five-day conveetion are
from the United States, with about 20 from Canada.

They listened to presentations on topics ranging from crack cocaine to
forfeiture of criminals' assets, to the transportation of hazardous
materials.

At a workshop in which officers gave retrospective assessments of major
crises they had handled, the British policeman who took charge after an
assassination attempt on Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher said the
incident "has completely changed the nature of security operations in the
U.K."

Roger Birch, Chief Constable of Sussex, said that when the Irish
Republican Army bombed a Brighton Hotel in 1984, killing five people and
maiming many others, "my team just couldn't believe what happened."

Before Mrs. Thatcher returned to Brighton for another Conservative
Party conference, more than 60,000 people had been interviewed by police
and the cost of the massive security operation surpassed $200-million.

A Scottish police officer who took part in investigating last
December's bombing of a Pan-Am jet over the small town of Lockerbie
described the difficulties of trying to identify the 270 victims.

Flung from the exploding plane at a height of 10 kilometres, only five
were recognizable.

Constable Stephen Manion of Lockerbie said appeals from 22 different
countries began pouring in, asking that the bodies and personal effects be
shipped home.

There were delays because after it was established that the explosion
was caused by sabotage, "we now had a criminal inquiry," and everything
became a piece of potential evidence.

Drugs are a major focus of the convention. On Saturday, a packed
auditorium was told by the commander of the narcotics unit in Washington,
D.C., that "if you do not have a crack problem just wait - it's on the
way."

Captain Collin Younger said that crack is "at an epidemic stage" in his
city and 60 per cent of the homicides are drug related.

Last year a record was set for homicides in Washington, he said, with a
total of 263. This year there have already been at least 357.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1989 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

VA. TECH'S BLACK MARK; SCHOOL CAVES TO NIKE, TV ON UNIFORMS

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 465 words


HAIL, the Gang-wear's Here! Part 2,010: When there's no shame, it's easy. And
where there's money and TV, there's no shame.

No doubt on Nike's money-on-a-stick orders, the Virginia Tech football team this
Monday night, for its big season opener on ESPN, will, for the first time, wear
all-black uniforms - specifically its all-black Nike Combat issue uniforms.

Florida State, school colors garnet and gold, last season wore all-black Nike
uniforms for national TV. Coach Bobby Bowden, wading through absurd explanations
issued by the school - one was that the black uniforms were to honor the
Seminole Indians - finally said that FSU was just acting on Nike's orders.

Virginia Tech's school colors are orange and maroon - but only for the last 104
years, since 1896. Such traditions can't survive the combination of money-first
TV and sneaker company demands and marketing blueprints.

Certainly, the introduction and subsequent sale of street attitude-enriched
black uniforms is hardly new. No other color has systematically been added to
all sports' uniforms and team logos - while mascots have been turned into
snarling predators. Black uniforms are now even worn by the Duke Blue Devils,
Rutgers Scarlet Knights, Toronto Blue Jays, Harvard Crimson, Louisville
Cardinals and St. John's Red Storm.

Specific colors have even been changed to lure college recruits more concerned
with what colors they wear than what they major in. That lesson was learned
years ago, when Nebraska lost urban recruits to Colorado. Those with Crips' gang
connections feared wearing Nebraska's (and the Bloods') red. Colorado, which
wears black --that hasn't changed - became a safe alternative.

Yet, the rosters at Nebraska, Colorado and Florida State had no trouble filling
with criminals.

But the addition of all-black Nike Combat uniforms to Virginia Tech's wardrobe
is particularly revolting. In the last few years the school's football team has
joined many other programs in resembling a crime wave, with at least 20 players
arrested.

Most infamously, VT football has given society the Vick Brothers, Michael and
Marcus - both pursued as full scholarship QBs, then as criminals.

Michael Vick, you know about.

Marcus? He survived two arrests, nine driving offenses and a suspension for an
on-field stomping of an opponent. He finally was let go after he was arrested
outside a McDonald's, charged with pointing a handgun at three teens.

And VT's campus, just three years ago, was the site of the most murderous
rampage in the history of American colleges - 32 shot dead and scores wounded by
a student.

And now, just in time for the big season opener on national TV, here comes the
Virginia Tech football team, dressed, on Nike's orders and for ESPN's cameras,
to look like Ninja Gangstas! Perfect.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHAMELESS: Virginia Tech will wear Nike's customized all-black uniforms
in its Monday night opener on ESPN, though its school colors are orange and
maroon.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   December 16, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Five colleges are given aid to boost fund-raising

BYLINE: Ernie Suggs, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 14E

LENGTH: 430 words

Under the old axiom it takes money to make money, five historically black
colleges will share more than $ 10 million to build their development and
fund-raising abilities.

The Southern Educational Foundation, an Atlanta-based foundation that promotes
equal access in higher education, and the Kresge Foundation of Troy, Mich.,
picked the five schools and are funding the program.

"This is an opportunity for a small group of (historically black colleges and
universities) to take the next step in their fund-raising opportunities," said
Elridge McMillan, president of the Southern Educational Foundation.

Raising money on the college level can always be a dicey situation, particularly
among black colleges.

Reasons can vary, from an alumni base that hasn't accumulated a certain level of
wealth, to schools not being able to attract corporations, to schools not having
the resources to raise money.

"It's a human infrastructure element to this," said Dorothy Cowser Yancy,
president of Johnson C. Smith University in Charlotte, one of the recipients.
"When I went to Smith in 1994, I was afraid of what I would find in the
development office, because I knew what I had left behind at Georgia Tech."

John E. Marshall III, president of Kresge, said the money will be used to
strengthen development offices though hardware, software and personnel.

"We are delighted to contribute to efforts to help strengthen the development
capacities of this important set of institutions," said Marshall.

The five schools and the amount of grant money each one will receive are
Bethune-Cookman College, $ 1.7 million; Dillard University, $ 2 million; Johnson
C. Smith, $ 2.6 million; Meharry Medical College, $ 2.5 million; and Xavier
University, $ 1.9 million.

The total amount available for grants is $ 18 million, and each school can get
more funding if it meets several incentives during the life of the five- year
program.

Although no schools from Atlanta were chosen, McMillan felt that making the
announcement here would be a powerful statement.

"Atlanta has long been a beacon city for affluent, well-educated and successful
African-Americans, many of whom graduated from or use their influence to support
historically black colleges and universities," he said. " So it is important
that we make this announcement here to signify the promise of investing in these
institutions."

Seven other finalists --- Alcorn State, Claflin College, Fisk University, Morgan
State, Oakwood College, Voorhees College and Wilberforce University --- received
$ 100,000 apiece.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              141 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 25, 1999, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

TRIAL FOR BAPTIST LEADER, CHARGED WITH THEFT, IS SET TO BEGIN TODAY

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A5

LENGTH: 499 words

DATELINE: LARGO, FLA.


First he said he did nothing wrong. Then he admitted mistakes and asked for
mercy. Now he's on trial, accused of crimes several steps removed from the
rumors of an extramarital affair that first jeopardized his job and reputation.

The Rev. Henry Lyons says the biggest difference between himself - the prominent
leader of a large black church organization, the National Baptist Convention USA
- and President Bill Clinton is that ordinary Americans already have forgiven
Clinton.

"It's kind of amazing to see especially African-Americans bless him so much and
so willing to stone me," Lyons told a Nashville, Tenn., television station last
week. "But I hope to overcome even that."

Opening statements were scheduled to begin today in Florida in Lyons' trial for
racketeering and grand theft. If convicted, he could be sentenced to 30 years in
prison.

The case started in the summer of 1997, when Lyons' wife was charged with
setting fire to a $ 700,000 waterfront home he owned with another woman. The
news prompted prosecutors to follow the trail of the minister's money, and they
found records of expensive homes, jewelry and cars.

Prosecutors pointed to a secret bank account and accused him of stealing the
money used to finance his lavish lifestyle.

The co-owner of the waterfront house was Lyons' co-defendant in the trial,
Bernice Edwards, the convention's former public relations director. She is
charged with racketeering.

The two are accused of duping companies seeking to do business with the
convention's members.

The grand theft charge against Lyons involves more than $ 200,000 entrusted to
him by the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith to help rebuild Southern black
churches burned in arsons.

After his state trial, Lyons is scheduled to stand trial this spring on 54
federal charges of bank fraud, wire fraud, extortion and money laundering.

Both cases center in large part on Lyons' and Edwards' dealings with the world's
second-largest funeral company, The Loewen Group, based in Vancouver, British
Columbia.

The company wanted to crack the black community, where people traditionally seek
out independent black funeral directors. Lyons' claims that the convention had
more than 8.5 million black members was a hoax, prosecutors said.

Lyons was to deliver black Baptists, and the convention would receive 33 percent
of sales through commissions.

Instead, prosecutors say, just $ 187,600 of Loewen's money went to market
cemetery plots, while more than $ 1.6 million went to Lyons, his friends and
family.

As for the fire that started the investigation, Lyons' wife, Deborah, denied
ever believing her husband had cheated on her, blaming her actions on problems
with alcohol. She was sentenced to five years' probation on an arson charge.

For his part, Lyons denied the accusations for months before publicly
apologizing for unnamed transgressions.

"I have sinned," he said. "And I have displayed human weaknesses and frailties."

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              142 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday

Conrad Black wants remaining fraud convictions dismissed;
Lawyers say money seized from apartment sale denied his right to counsel

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; COURT; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 618 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Conrad Black's lawyers have filed a motion asking to have his remaining
convictions dismissed on the basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the
former media baron of his right to an attorney.

The request, filed Monday in a U.S. district court in Chicago, hinges on law
enforcement's seizure of proceeds from the sale of his New York apartment, which
Mr. Black purchased from his company Hollinger in 2000 for $3-million (U.S.) and
later sold for $9-million.

Mr. Black's lawyers argue that prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two
warrants to seize the assets by concealing information that would have
undermined their case for taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for $9-million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale wasn't
available to Mr. Black, his lawyers argue that denied him his right to counsel.

"Conrad Black was intentionally deprived of his right to the counsel of his
choice by knowing of false statements made to the courts by the government as to
its right to seize property," lawyer William Kane argues in the filings.

"The deceptive affidavit in support of the pre-indictment seizures of Mr.
Black's assets spun a tale of fraud surrounding the purchase and transfer of the
Manhattan apartment by and between Mr. Black and his company as a basis for
seizing the apartment proceeds."

The filing accuses prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims that Mr. Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a
purchase price of $3-million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had
paid for it initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Carolyn Gurland, one of Mr. Black's lawyers, said in an interview Monday the
government knew that Mr. Black had put $4.6-million of his own money into the
apartment, thereby raising his investment in the apartment to $7.6-million, but
didn't include documents that reflected that.

"The very documents that they used and did not attach to the documents they
filed to the court to seize his assets contained the very information that made
it clear he wasn't guilty of anything," she said.

"It's not like they didn't have the documents. They had them. They just chose
not to attach them ... and they chose to quote what they wanted to from them and
it's a real problem."

Mr. Black, who was released from prison last month, would be cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his lawyers' request is successful. The request will
be heard by Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge who presided over Mr.
Black's initial fraud charges.

His lawyers say charges related to the Manhattan apartment had no foundation and
were filed to keep Mr. Black from his right to an attorney. They add that the
violation of Mr. Black's rights cannot be overlooked because the government's
action does not fall into one of the limited number of reasons it can legally
deprive an accused person of their right to a lawyer.

They say the result "infected" Mr. Black's trial, which means the remaining
convictions against him should be dismissed.

"Mr. Black comes before this tribunal one more time to ask for redress of what
was a major constitutional violation born of the overreaching of certain members
of the prosecution team," it said.

The filing states that while it is too late to "turn back the clock" and allow
Mr. Black access to his chosen lawyers, it is not too late to overturn his
convictions.

That would allow Mr. Black to defend himself against an ongoing legal battle
with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and allow him to return to the
U.S.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 7, 1991, Monday

SEEKING MORE MILEAGE FOR THEIR MONEY,; BLACK ATLANTANS FORM CLUBS AND Invest
Together

BYLINE: By Shelia M. Poole and Gertha Coffee STAFF WRITERSinvestments; blacks;
organizations; trends; personal; finances

SECTION: BUSINESS MONDAY; SECTION B; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 1095 words


Friends and money, like oil and water, usually should be kept separate. But
Julie Foster thought they could make a good mix.

So two years ago, the Atlanta tax attorney invited 26 acquaintances -  other
attorneys, an architect and a businesswoman - to join an investment club.
Thirteen did.

"I compiled a list of people I felt I could invest with and who would click with
each other," Mrs. Foster said. "The goals were to make money and learn how to
understand the stock market. Historically, the stock market has been a good
place to make a return on your money, although it is very risky and volatile."

The group organized a partnership, the Atlanta Women's Investment Club. Each
member invested $ 500 and puts $ 50 a month in club coffers for investments. In
its first year, the club got an impressive 30 percent return on investments.
This year, it is averaging 35 percent. Still, there's lots to learn, according
to Mrs. Foster.; In the learning phase'

"We're in the learning phase," she said. "I think we as black people and as
professionals need to look at long-term financial planning and not spend every
penny we make."

A growing number of black investors are taking that view. But that hasn't always
been the case. Historically, blacks have not had the discretionary income for
investments. Those who did preferred less risky vehicles, such as savings
accounts, insurance, and real estate. Now, with greater disposable income and an
eye to the long haul, they are pooling resources through investment clubs. The
lure is more mileage for the dollar, with limited risk.

The average investor puts in $ 10 to $ 20 a month, according to the National
Association of Investors Corp., a non-profit organization of 7,300 investment
clubs nationwide, including about 120 in metro Atlanta. Although black clubs are
not tracked separately, interest is mushrooming. Make no mistake: Money is a top
priority.

But there is some concern about social and political issues.

"Investing in South Africa amounts to supporting apartheid," said Mrs. Foster.
"We would have a problem with that."

"We will maintain a social consciousness when we spend and invest our money,"
said Patrick D. McElroy, assistant presiding partner of IBT Capital Group, an
investment club formed in June by the Atlanta chapter of the National Black MBA
Association. The initial fee was $ 100, and the 31 members pay $ 35 a month.
While most members are MBAs, the group also includes engineers, bankers and
CPAs.; Substantial' black interest

"As I go to our meetings around the country, there's a good black
representation," said National Association of Investors spokesman Thomas O'Hara.
At recent meetings in Richmond and in Lansing, Mich., 10 percent to 12 percent
of the participants were black, Mr. O'Hara said. "The interest just seems to be
real substantial," he said. "The black clubs have been successful and the word
gets around."

Mrs. Foster got the idea from a law school classmate who started a similar club
in Washington. A black investment club in New Jersey, Family 7 Inc., whose
membership of six couples are related, parlayed a $ 700 monthly group savings
plan into a $ 2.3 million portfolio in five years. After an article profiling
the family appeared in Black Enterprise magazine last October, the investors
association received about 10,000 letters from interested readers, Mr. O'Hara
said.

Charles Ross, an Atlanta radio talk show host, got about 100 takers last month
after suggesting on the air that an investment club of listeners be formed. The
overwhelming majority were black.

The number is manageable, said Mr. Ross, who hosts a personal finance show.

"We will probably wind up breaking into smaller groups, and have several
investment clubs under one umbrella."; Size of the groups

Investment clubs are usually made up of 10 to 20 members, formed by people who
have known one another in the past. That includes family members, church groups,
co-workers and professional associations.

"We stress to people attracted to the clubs that while they've got a good
opportunity, it's not a get-rich-quick thing," Mr. O'Hara said. "The goal should
be to double your money every five years."

Also stressed is the need to spread risk over a number of stocks, re- invest
earnings and dividends, and do research to pick stocks that will be worth
substantially more five years down the road. How many stocks depends on the
amount of money in the club, and how willing members are to do research.

The clubs are "vehicles for gaining knowledge without taking a lot of risk,"
said Roger Key, a Robinson-Humphrey Company Inc. financial consultant who
advises four black investment clubs in metro Atlanta, including the one founded
by Mrs. Foster.

"You're more comfortable investing $ 50 a month than you are sending a stockbr
oker $ 10,000," Mr. Key said, "especially with something unfamiliar.'; New,
intriguing concept

For many black investors, the concept is intriguing because it's new, Mr. Key
added. "Many people in the black community have not grown up around the
financial market," he said. "They're not afraid to say: I don't know. But I'm
going to learn.' "

Currently, the members of Mrs. Foster's club are taking a stock study course.
And she makes no bones about "one goal is to eliminate the stockbroker. We'll
know enough information on how to evaluate the company so we won't need him."

The club's portfolio is guarded and includes Wal-Mart and Home Depot stock.
Until recently, it also included bonds because they did not feel there was much
growth or capital appreciation. The group hopes to venture eventually into real
estate and franchising.

She said the club's philosophy is capital appreciation and growth. "We're not
looking for current income. We don't expect to pull out any money early."

Membership is being closed for a year to hammer out procedures and bylaws. And
the club has accumulated $ 5,000 in capital with which to invest and to educate
members. They hope to begin investing in the first quarter of 1992.;
Self-sufficiency a goal

"We're trying not to lean on somebody else," said Mr. McElroy. "We want to be
self-sufficient."

Added Roderick Batiste, a commercial officer at Citizens and Southern National
Bank and presiding partner of the IBT group, "If you know how to play the game,
you can minimize the risk and get a return."

The catalyst for IBT was a speech by Atlanta auto dealer Gregory Baranco on
blacks pooling their resources and talents.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              144 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                         July 8, 2000, Saturday, FINAL

Money-laundering agent on hook for taking clients to the cleaners

BYLINE: Ken Warren

SECTION: Sports; D8

LENGTH: 583 words


In the spirit of agent-bashing raging in these parts, we present William (Tank)
Black.

Black, the agent recently dropped by Toronto Raptors star Vince Carter after he
''lost some money'', was indicted Wednesday by a grand jury in Detroit on money
laundering and drug charges.

This comes in addition to being a defendant in a criminal fraud trial, accused
of stealing more than $5 million U.S. from his clients.

According to prosecutors, Black has been been instrumental in a
multimillion-dollar drug ring in Detroit, hiding dealers' money, moving drugs
and helping dealers find safe havens abroad.

Conspiracy and perjury charges have also been laid by prosecutors, who say Black
has lied at least nine times while under oath.

Black is currently free on a $1- million bond on the fraud trial, scheduled to
be heard in Florida in January.

If convicted on all, or most of the charges, the agent is staring at life in
prison.

And you thought Alexei Yashin was receiving bad advice from Mark Gandler?

JUST HAVE FUN, FUN, FUN, 'TIL DADDY STOPS WATCHING THE T-BIRDS DRIVE AWAY: In
some cases, such as the unfortunate death Thursday of a Massachusetts man
following a fistfight with a fellow hockey Dad, parents have become far too
caught up in their kids' games. But then there's the opposite extreme. Harold
and Sara Hodnott were arrested for neglect outside their hotel room in Ormond
Beach late last Sunday, after returning home from the Pepsi 400, a nighttime
stock car race in Daytona. Seems the Hodnotts didn't have it all there when they
asked their children -- aged eight and five -- to play by the hotel's pool in
the afternoon and return to their room in the evening. Police, alerted to the
neglected children by pool bystanders, turned them over to the division of
Children and Family Services. We're not sure if the parents brought back
souvenirs for the kids.

WALK AWAY FROM TROUBLE IF YOU CAN: Penn State quarterback Rashard Casey and
Syracuse safety Keeon Walker are being sued by an off-duty policeman for
''severe and painful injuries'' that have resulted in ''significant loss in the
quality and enjoyment of life.'' The policeman, Patrick Fitzsimmons, was beaten
unconscious outside a bar in Hoboken, New Jersey, in what witnesses suggested
was a racially-motivated fight. The police officer is white, the football
players back. Walker has claimed he tried to break up the fight. Casey, a senior
at Penn State, is still with the team, pending an investigation by the Penn
State judicial review committee.

JUST ASKING: When will the name of the National Football League officially be
changed to the National Firearms League? ... When will the PGA tour finally get
off Casey Martin's back -- er, leg -- and let the poor guy use a cart, so he can
compete with the world's best, despite the circulatory disorder he has in his
right leg? PGA officials, who are appealing to the U.S.  Supreme Court an
earlier court decision allowing Martin to compete using a cart, sound like a
group of dinosaurs. ... Isn't it lovely that bribery charges have tainted the
awarding of the 2006 World Cup to Germany? Charles Dempsey, a delegate from New
Zealand refused to vote because of attempts to bribe him. ''The last two days
have been something horrible for football. As my wife stated, football's no
longer a sport, it's a political scene,'' he said Thursday. Did these people
read all the Olympic scandal stories of the past few years with their eyes
closed?


LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 11, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Money in politics is undermining democracy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 339 words


The ghost of political dirty tricks that many thought faded into history with
Richard Nixon's administration is back, this time haunting New Jersey's Nov. 2
gubernatorial election.

Edward Rollins, consultant to Republican Gov.-elect Christie Whitman, told
reporters Tuesday the outrageous story that $ 500,000 in "street money" had been
spent to discourage the normally Democratic black vote in her defeat of
incumbent Jim Florio. Wednesday, after calls for a criminal investigation,
Whitman denied Rollins' claim that black ministers and Democratic political
workers had been paid to soft-pedal efforts to get black voters to the polls.

Rollins now says his comments went too far. But the episode still carries a foul
and suspicious odor. Any strategy to encourage voters to stay at home is an
abomination, a perversion of our political system. New Jersey officials should
lose no time rooting out the truth.

Skip the excuse that this is politics as usual. Street money, walking-around
money or whatever you call it may not be new. It's used in many states, quite
legally, to pay workers who help get out the vote. But this twist underscores
the practice's corrupting nature. The stench is unmistakable and attaches
equally to pols who dole out the cash and the people who sell their ethics by
taking it.

Worse, when these kinds of tactics target a racial minority, they fuel the
explosive fears that fester in depressed, urban communities.

Whatever the truth, the New Jersey controversy comes down to one indisputable
fact: There's too much money floating around in politics today and too little
accountability for how it is spent.

Those who laugh and dismiss Rollins' initial claims as politics as usual, and at
the deserved cries of outrage that followed, are ignoring the voters. People are
disgusted with politics as usual and with the corrupting influence of money in
politics. They want change.

Congress and state legislatures should listen, and act. Only then will such
mischief be relegated to history.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate; INFLUENCING ELECTIONS; OUR VIEW; There's too
much money and too little accountability floating around in politics

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              146 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 8, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ON THE MAP;
Porters, Maids and Barbers: Blacks and the Service Industries

BYLINE: By STEVE STRUNSKY

SECTION: Section 14NJ; Page 3; Column 1; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 592 words


When Cubit Brunson arrived in Jersey City in 1915 from a farm in South Carolina,
he landed a job selling insurance to other blacks. His son Theodore became a
collection manager for the Internal Revenue Service. Theodore's son, Neal, is a
lawyer. Unlike Cubit Brunson, many African-Americans who migrated to Northern
states had to build their family foundations with more menial labor. To
celebrate February as Black History Month, the Afro-American Historical and
Cultural Society Museum, 4,000 square feet above the Greenville Branch of the
Jersey City Public Library, has assembled an exhibit titled "Blacks in the
Service Industry." Ted Brunson, 75, who directed the museum since it was founded
in 1977, passed the directorship on to his son last year. Neal Brunson, 35,
spoke recently as he and his father gave a tour of the museum, which holds
cultural icons ranging from sheet music of blatantly racist "coon songs" to an
elaborately carved African tribal stool.

Q. Why an exhibit of blacks in the service industry?

A. At the end of the Civil War, most blacks worked in the service industry:
maids, butlers, domestics, washerwomen, barbers, porters. And they came north
because of the money. The war economy of the North enabled more people to hire
more domestics and more servants and to pay them more money. So they came north
to New Jersey. And one of the things we're focusing on is what happened when
they got here. How did they earn a living when they got here? You talk to any
African-American, and ask how many of your grandparents, how many of your
grandaunts and uncles worked in the domestic industry. I bet you at least one
out of two, one out of three worked in that field. And from that very humble
type of job, they saved the economic life of black America. We would have gone
bankrupt. African-American men often were day laborers. Day laborers did not
work consistently. There was not consistent money coming into that community --
except the wife who was taking in wash, the wife who was working as a domestic
or the men that were able to work as butlers and in other male service jobs.

Q. Was there competition for those jobs?

A. The competition was enormous. Blacks were predominantly barbers for the
entire population prior to the migration of Italian-Americans. And as
Italian-Americans came in, blacks were displaced from that. At the turn of the
century when Atlantic City was a vacation hub, blacks were predominant workers
in terms of waiters and busboys and the staffing of these hotels. When more
migrants came from Europe, they were summarily displaced.

Q. Is there a parallel between blacks being displaced from jobs at the turn of
the century and what some blacks say today about more recent waves of
immigrants?

A. Absolutely. One of the reasons why I was fascinated with this period is, you
have a lot of debate now about the affirmative action question. And you have
some who pose the question of why blacks have not been able to reach a certain
economic level. So I'm going back and taking a look at the economic forces that
really drove this.

Q. What was Jersey City's history as a link in the Underground Railroad?

A. Frederick Douglass spoke here, there were a number of abolitionist meetings
here. It was an important link because New Jersey had slavery. New Jersey didn't
give up slavery until the 13th Amendment. So in New Jersey there always had to
be a link with the abolitionist movement and the Underground Railroad to get
people from New Jersey on through.   STEVE STRUNSKY


LOAD-DATE: February 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Ted Brunson and his son Neal at the Afro-American Museum. Dolls
depicting black military figures, left. (Photographs by Ruby Washington/The New
York Times)

TYPE: Interview

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              147 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              July 27, 2009 Monday

HOPE ON THE HORIZON;
While few see a profitable future for newspapers, David Black's belief in the
business is unshaken - witness the publisher's newest attraction: beaten-down
big city dailies. David Ebner reports

BYLINE: DAVID EBNER

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; PUBLISHING; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1416 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


David Black has a boat named Esperanza - "hope," in Spanish. Many would say the
name would be better suited for his business strategy, one pinned firmly on the
future of newspapers.

He loves details, isn't flashy and likes a good yarn, much like the 158
publications put out by Black Press Ltd., a motley collection of generally small
papers mostly in British Columbia and Washington state. He runs them lean - and
they make money.

About a year ago, the ever-ambitious Mr. Black (no relation to the one-time
media baron now jailed in Florida) was on the expansion hunt. And so was
Platinum Equity LLC, a conglomerate out of Los Angeles, a specialist in
rejuvenating businesses that have hit hard times and owner of everything from
telecommunications to fibreglass and crane rentals.

In March, with Mr. Black on board as an investor and adviser, Platinum Equity
bought The San Diego Union-Tribune, a 141-year-old paper where advertising
revenue had fallen 40 per cent in the past three years as the California city
was ravaged by the burst real estate bubble and by recession.

It is here David Black sees a future for newspapers. He believes in an
old-fashioned recipe, that a local paper has a unique role for advertisers,
especially the likes of furniture stores and auto dealers. There is value in a
full-page ad, even for beaten-down city papers. When the economy comes back,
papers will get back on their feet too, the idea goes.

Mr. Black and Platinum don't have dreams of editorial expansion. Mr. Black's
papers are mostly the no-frill variety, and there are no plans to resurrect the
Union-Tribune's Washington bureau, which was shuttered last year. "In a perfect
world, you have bureaus in several places but that perfect world isn't going to
happen, I don't believe, where you have money to burn in editorial," Mr. Black
said in an interview.

The 63-year-old isn't so much a newspaper man as a businessman running
newspapers. Making money is the challenge he relishes, and he continues to make
it when many others in the industry are failing. Born in Vancouver, educated in
engineering at University of British Columbia and business at University of
Western Ontario, Mr. Black bought his first newspaper in 1975 when he was 29,
the tiny Williams Lake Tribune in the central interior of British Columbia.

More than three decades later, from his headquarters in Victoria, Mr. Black
watches the industry suffer. Losses pile up at print publications and no one
makes money online - or has a good idea where a profit will eventually come
from, because everything is given away free and advertising revenue doesn't
support it. Big-name papers are failing in the United States and bleeding in
Canada.

Now, with bondholders in charge of CanWest Global Communications Corp., a
re-ordering of this country's media landscape looms as some analysts predict the
media giant will sell its 13 dailies and 26 community newspapers.

Mr. Black could be a key player.

Black Press is projected to be profitable this year - annual revenue of about
$500-million and 2.8 million in circulation - and he often further bolsters his
position through partnerships.

Earlier this decade, he sold 19.4 per cent of Black Press to Torstar Corp. to
expand his company. In 2006, he worked with Onex Corp. on what turned out to be
a failed attempt to buy two Philadelphia dailies (Mr. Black demanded cuts the
union didn't want; those papers this year went into bankruptcy protection).

And, this year, working as an individual, rather than through Black Press, he's
in San Diego with Platinum.

Few see a profitable future for newspapers. The Union-Tribune sat for sale for
almost a year as other papers, like the 146-year-old Seattle Post-Intelligencer,
went out of business. Warren Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway Inc. owns a stake
in Washington Post Co., said in May he would not pay any price for most papers
and forecast the possibility of "unending losses."

Mr. Black's belief in the business is unshaken. This is a business cycle,
severe, but not a whole new world, he said, particularly for community/suburban
papers and small-town publications that make up Black Press, businesses that are
better insulated from digital media. As for large urban dailies, he believes
their costs are too high, given that websites such as Craigslist.com have gutted
classified ad revenues.

"The Internet no doubt has had an effect, and will have an effect, for community
papers, but I don't think it's an enormous effect," Mr. Black said. "Community
newspapers are still the best place for retailers to advertise. They get the
most response for their dollars.

"For the big metros, it's different. They were living off their classifieds.
They have to reinvent themselves."

Louis Samson, Platinum's principal on the San Diego deal, was introduced to Mr.
Black through an investment banker. Mr. Samson and Platinum had been looking for
the right newspaperman to work with. The connection with Mr. Black was
immediate, and strong.

Mr. Samson admired Mr. Black's business acumen and his record at Black Press,
where budgets are kept tight and products are straightforward. There are not
overly ambitious, they do what they do well, which generally is local news in a
small community or suburb.

"David looks at problems differently, always thinking about the next move," says
Mr. Samson. "From a business standpoint, he's willing to think about how to
reorganize things."

In newspapers these days, reorganize means cuts: wage cuts, staff cuts, pension
cuts. It is what Mr. Black did in Akron, Ohio, where Black Press bought the
well-regarded Beacon Journal in 2006 for $165-million (U.S.). The editorial
staff was slashed by a quarter - 40 out of 161 - after the deal closed.

Though Mr. Black said the paper is still making money, Black Press has had to
take a $100-million writedown on the investment, which pushed partner Torstar to
reduce the value of its stake in Black Press to a glaring zero.

Mr. Black and Mr. Samson are realists. They see the commoditization of
information. They know profit margins will be lower than in the past. "You have
to make it profitable and put it in a position to thrive," Mr. Samson said.

For Mr. Black, a father of four, with three grandchildren, this push toward
big-name newspapers might have never happened. He might have been half-retired,
sailing and golfing, but in 2005, personal tragedy struck. His wife, Annabeth,
who worked closely with her husband in the running of Black Press, was diagnosed
with pancreatic cancer. A year later, she was dead and Mr. Black's parents also
died around the same time.

"I threw myself in the business," Mr. Black recalled. "I didn't know what else
to do."

He made the Akron deal and then in 2007 battled Quebecor Inc. for Osprey Media
Income Fund's 54 papers in Ontario but ceded the deal when partner Torstar
balked at raising the bid.

"David's got a great nose for making money and he's fearless doing it," said
friend Robert Prichard, a former chief executive officer of Torstar and Toronto
Star publisher who himself was battered by the business during his time at the
helm.

"He's always pushed himself to go further, and farther. He's never afraid of a
fight, and fights to win."

The Platinum connection could foreshadow what happens in the Canadian media
business. Banks aren't keen to lend money to buy newspapers, so it is private
equity money that analysts believe will be a force in the shakeout of the
industry. Platinum, run by 44-year-old billionaire Tom Gores, one of the
youngest on the Forbes rich list, owns about two dozen businesses, with
estimated total revenue of $13.5-billion. Platinum's latest push is to buy part
of Delphi Corp., the bankrupt auto-parts maker.

Mr. Samson said Platinum has looked at most newspaper assets that have come up
for sale and wouldn't limit its hunt to the United States.

Unlike earlier, flamboyant Canadian media barons - including Izzy Asper, the
patriarch who built CanWest and died in 2003, or the aristocratic Conrad Black -
David Black is a shy, smart college-professor type. He speaks softly, is content
to keep a low profile, likes the quiet on the water when sailing.

In business, he hits hard when there's an opening. And a bunch of openings could
emerge shortly.

While Mr. Black does see better prospects at smaller papers, he is interested in
larger ones, too. "I'm fairly agnostic [about size]," he says.

"Where there are opportunities, there are opportunities."

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     March 23, 1992, Monday, WEEKLY EDITION

ETHICAL INVESTING CAN BE PROFITABLE TOO: Sociologist's index triples Dow average

BYLINE: Rob McKenzie

SECTION: SECTION 2, MONEY; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 793 words


''Ethical investing'' sounds like a trade-off. Your money is deployed toward
nice rather than noxious ends, but you reduce economics to a subset of ethics.

Yet the conflict is perhaps illusory. Two indexes devised in the U.S. indicate
that ethical investing is no less lucrative than an amoral approach.

The Domini Social Index, launched on May 1, 1990, bundles 400 stocks in
companies that pass muster with the research house of Kinder, Lydenberg, Domini
& Co. Inc. of Cambridge, Mass. By the end of this February the index had risen
34.2% versus 24.8% for the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index. That's in price
only; with dividends reinvested, the DSI rose 40.8% while the S&P rose 32.8%.


Created by a sociologist, the Good Money Industrial Average and the Good Money
Utilities Average have paralleled Dow Jones indexes since the start of 1977. By
the end of 1991, the 30-stock industry average had more than tripled its Dow
counterpart (688.9% versus 215.4%) and the 15-stock utility average had more
than doubled its rival (244.6% versus 108.7%).

Don't think of these tools as Granola Gauges. The Domini includes 255 companies
that are on the S&P 500 - stalwarts like Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Walt Disney Co.
and Sears, Roebuck & Co. The Good Money lists include Procter & Gamble Co.,
Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co. (3M), McDonald's Corp. and Blockbuster
Entertainment Corp.

Still, they do have some obscure members. The Domini's smallest stock is that of
Spec's Music Inc., a Miami-based chain of 58 music stores. And Good Money has
the likes of Magma Power Co., a San Diego-based utility that taps subterranean
heated water.

Peter Kinder, president of Kinder, Lydenberg, warns that the Domini index is
growth-oriented and therefore more volatile than the S&P. And he cautions that
it has not passed through a full market cycle.

The Domini index excludes companies that operate in South Africa or that derive
more than 4% of their revenue from military contracts, tobacco, alcohol, gaming
or nuclear power. It seeks companies with quality products, good customer and
employee relations, good environmental performance and a sense of citizenship.

Two companies have been expelled from the index. Black & Decker Corp. got the
boot for buying a company of which one unit makes parts for nuclear weapons.
Corning Inc.'s sin was its half stake in Dow Corning Corp., which made breast
implants that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration partly banned.

Kinder does not pretend that judging corporate ethics is black and white. For
example, the Domini includes oil companies Atlantic Richfield Co. and Amoco
Corp. ''We've taken more guff about those two than all of our other choices
together,'' Kinder moans.

He says that even though petroleum pollutes, the two companies are good
corporate citizens and are not environment scofflaws. Chicago-based Amoco, for
example, has spent plentifully on housing for the poor in the U.S. Midwest.

But Good Money expelled Atlantic Richfield in 1990. A recent Good Money
newsletter says Arco ''apparently has abandoned its long tradition of concern
for environmental issues by expressing an interest in drilling in the Arctic
National Wildlife Refuge.''

Good Money's founder, Ritchie Lowry, has no strict criteria for judging
companies. He avoids nuclear power but is not deadset against investment in
South Africa. For example, his industrial average includes Johnson & Johnson
because he sees no connection between apartheid and the pharmaceuticals the
company sells in South Africa.

Lowry devised his averages after inheriting some money. His quandary, he says,
was: ''What does a crazy sociologist who's been critical of society do with all
this money?''

He figured the averages would be ''an educational device to test the old Wall
Street belief that if you mix ethics and business, you lose money.'' His idea
caught on and in 1982 he began publishing the Good Money newsletter.

How does Lowry explain his averages' success?

''If a company is good to its employees and good to its customers,'' he says
from his office in Worcester, Vt., ''and good to the communities in which it
operates, it's going to be rewarded.''

Canada has no alternative index. But the Social Invesment Organization, a
Toronto-based, non-profit group of about 300 investors and investment
professionals, is working on one.

Mark de Sousa-Shields, the group's executive director, is hoping that an index
of 50 or 100 appropriate companies can be ready by next year. He believes such
an index could provide a measure of proof that social analysis of a company is
wise rather than merely wishful.

''We'll still have skeptics,'' he says, ''but that's inevitable.''




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Graph: AN ETHICAL PAYOFF: Return on $1 invested: Domini 400: S&P 500

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              149 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              July 25, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IN BRIEF;

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 480 words


SPOKANE

MAN ROBS MOTEL WITH BUTCHER KNIFE

A man with a 12-inch butcher knife robbed a North Division motel early Thursday.

A clerk told deputies the man entered the Quality Inn, 7919 N. Division St.,
shortly before 1 a.m. wearing a red bandanna over the lower half of his face and
the hood of his black sweatshirt up, according to the Spokane County Sheriff's
Office.

The man jumped over the front counter and demanded money, grabbing crash from
the register and throwing the till on the floor.  He ran southbound on Division,
and no getaway vehicle was seen.

The man is described as  white, age 20 to 30, 5 foot 10 and 160 pounds, with
dark eyebrows and black pants and shoes. He may have been wearing gloves,
according to the Sheriff's Office.

Anyone with information is asked to call  (509) 242-TIPS.

Meghann M. Cuniff

MAN SOUGHT IN TWO ROBBERIES

A  man wanted in an armed robbery at a Spokane Zip Trip on Wednesday night is
believed to be the same man who robbed Divine's Shell on Saturday.

Authorities said the man had the same type of gun and  bag for the money.

On Wednesday, a man entered the convenience store at 3030 E. Euclid Ave. about
9:30 p.m.  He displayed what appeared to be a black handgun and demanded money.

He left the store on foot with an undisclosed sum of money, police said.  He was
wearing a black leather cap, greenish-gray zip-up sweatshirt, black shorts and
brown sandals. His black T-shirt had a large white cross shape on the front.

Last Saturday, a man fitting the same description robbed a Shell gas station at
3125 E. Mission Ave., said Spokane police Cpl. Jon Strickland.

Anyone with information on the crimes is urged to call 911 or (509) 242-8477.

Jody Lawrence-Turner

HIT-AND-RUN LEAVES PEDESTRIAN INJURED

Police are looking for information on a hit-and-run Saturday that left a
pedestrian seriously injured.

The victim was in a crosswalk  crossing Francis Avenue at Cincinnati Street just
before 10 p.m. when a small white or silver passenger car driving eastbound
struck him and drove away, according to a news release.

Spokane police ask anyone with information  to contact Cpl. Dave Adams at (509)
835-4567.

Staff report

CATALDO

PUBLIC CAN REVIEW REPOSITORY DESIGN

North Idaho residents can review design plans for the new East Mission Flats
Waste Repository at Cataldo on Thursday.

An open house will be held from 3:30 to 7 p.m. at Canyon Elementary School,
27491 E. School House Loop.

The repository will contain contaminated soil from local property cleanups and
help reduce exposure to lead, arsenic and cadmium, according to the Idaho
Department of Environmental Quality. It is west of Cataldo, across Interstate 90
from the Old Mission.

The waste repository's design is 60 percent complete. An executive summary is
available at  www.basincommission.com.

For more information, call Andy Mork at DEQ, (208) 373-0141.

Becky Kramer

TYPE: Briefs

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              150 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 10, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Black History Project Still on Hold;
Genealogical Collection Would Go Public but Needs Local Support

Elisha King, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: MARYLAND WEEKLY (MONTGOMERY); PAGE M1

LENGTH: 883 words


A crowded bedroom in Beulah Buckner's house stores hundreds of historical
records about early black residents of Howard County. She'd like to make her
collection public in a genealogical center where black families could trace
their roots, but so far, money problems have kept the project on hold.

The lack of money is especially frustrating because Buckner believes she has
found the perfect building to house such a collection: an old schoolhouse built
in the 1880s. Once known as "The Ellicott City Colored School," it was the first
black school to receive funding from the county.

The schoolhouse, off Main Street in Ellicott City, needs $ 412,000 worth of
restoration before it could be transformed into the center Buckner envisions.
The center would be run by the Afro-American Historical and Genealogical
Society, the nonprofit group for which Buckner works as secretary.

Operating out of her home, Buckner has been able to share her findings with only
a few families. But she's found a legion of interesting tidbits about early
black residents of Howard County.

One man was released from slavery with gifts of a pair of shoes, $ 20 and a
suit, and within a few years he'd purchased $ 4,000 worth of property. Another
Howard County black man owned a house that stood where Baltimore's Inner Harbor
is now.

"It's this kind of information that black people deserve to know," Buckner said.
"The historical societies that exist have a lot of information, but all they
have is white people's information."

So far, the state and county each have contributed $ 14,000 toward restoring the
schoolhouse to house a genealogical center, and county legislators plan to ask
the state during the current session of the General Assembly for an additional
grant of $ 206,000 to be matched by private donations. But they say they won't
be able to convince other lawmakers of the project's worth unless they have a
better showing of local support.

"In order to get state money to restore the school, we've got to be in a
position where we can explain how much money can be raised privately and where
that money is going to come from," said Sen. Christopher J. McCabe (R-Howard).
"Unless we can do that, the state is very unlikely to make a commitment, at
least this year."

Although many area businesses and service organizations have promised to help,
Buckner said, they haven't provided any financial backing. And the Afro-American
genealogical society, which is organizing the project, has had trouble spreading
the message that help is needed sooner rather than later, she said.

"The community is supporting us, but you know how people procrastinate," Buckner
said. "They've got to be made aware of the urgency. I need to tell those
legislators that we're already raising money, and so far we don't have enough to
impress them."

About $ 10,000 has been raised since June of last year, when the push for
private donations began, Buckner said. The group spent much of the county's $
14,000 contribution to hire an architect to plan a restored structure, but
they've saved the private donations and the state's $ 14,000 grant for future
costs, she said.

Buckner said her group would be ready to open the Howard County Black Historical
and Genealogical Center inside the schoolhouse soon after restoration.

Her collection of records includes a post-Civil War slave ledger that was
submitted to the Maryland General Assembly by slaveowners in an attempt to
recoup their losses after their slaves were freed. It lists slaves' names, ages,
terms of servitude and health condition.

She also has marriage licenses, freedom papers and voting records of black
county residents. Wills and sales records of white slaveowners also are part of
Buckner's collection. Such papers often provide information about slaves who
were released upon their master's death or sold to another person, she said.

In addition to all the information about slaves, Buckner's stockpile includes
information about many free black residents of the county.

"I started this project because I knew there were a lot of intelligent,
interesting black people right here in Howard County," Buckner said. "Some
people think there were only four in Maryland: Frederick Douglass, Benjamin
Banneker, Harriet Tubman and Matt Henson. But I'll tell you, there are many,
many more."

Buckner said the genealogical information she and other members of her group
have collected can fill gaps created by existing historical services that are
inadequate at chronicling black history. She said slaves' names often are left
out of historical societies' publications, making it impossible for black people
to track their relatives.

In an effort to heighten awareness of the schoolhouse restoration, Buckner,
McCabe and members of the genealogical society have asked private citizens to
buy engraved paver bricks and steps that will become part of the center's
driveway, parking lot and plaza. The bricks and steps range in price from $ 25
to $ 1,000 and provide space to engrave the buyer's name and date of purchase.

The group also plans to continue petitioning area businesses for donations
toward the needed $ 220,000.

"It's an achievable goal, but it really takes a commitment from county residents
and businesses," McCabe said.


LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, THE AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORICAL AND GENEALOGICAL SOCIETY WANTS
1880S-ERA SCHOOLHOUSE RESTORED TO HOLD BLACK HISTORY COLLECTION. KARIN ANDERSON
FOR TWP

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              151 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 2, 1986, Sunday, Final Edition

Handing Ammunition to Bigots;
 Three Dumb Ideas Whose Time Should Never Come

BYLINE: Juan Williams

SECTION: OUTLOOK; PAGE C5; INSIGHT

LENGTH: 1300 words


THIS ARTICLE COULD be entitled "Invitations to Ridicule," or "What the Grand
Dragon of the KKK Would Do if He Handled Political Strategy for Black
Americans."

The first bad idea: The Grand Dragon would suggest that the workshop resulting
from Mayor Marion Barry's recent summit on drug problems give every black male
in the city $ 20,000 to stop using drugs.

That's what the workshop did last week. Gee. What a great idea. Do I qualify for
a payment? In San Antonio, Henry G. Cisneros could propose the same idea for
Hispanic males. William Donald Schaefer could take care of white males in
Baltimore. Two questions: Can I get this deal pro-rated? I mean, do I have to
return all the money if I break down and smoke a joint next July 4? And what
about my brother. Does he have to move here to get in on the deal or can I
collect for him?

Invitation to ridicule number two: Let's have blacks in the city of Boston
suggest that their neighborhoods secede from the rest of the city.

That is exactly what is on the ballot in Boston this week as a result of the
efforts of a black separatist group. As an expression of anger at the rabid
racism that is Boston's trademark, this is a great idea. It's even a good idea
as a show of blacks' political power in Boston. But here's the bad news. The
reality of putting this question on the ballot is that it gives Boston's whites
the power to show how they would vote black people out of the city.

Whites, the majority of Boston's voters, (and the electoral majority in the
districts that will vote on the non-binding referendum question) have been
handed the power to isolate blacks in a new city that has no tax base. The new
city would be born with a deficit. That would really improve city services to
poor blacks.

A third not-so-great idea that racists would happily foist on black people:
While demonstrating against a Chinese carry-out owner who allegedly threatened a
black woman with a gun, let's have the minister leading the protest declare that
he aims to stop all non-black business owners from making money in the black
community.

That is just what the Rev. Willie Wilson, 41, pastor of the Union Temple Baptist
Church in Anacostia, is telling reporters. Bigots everywhere are rejoicing. Now
that Wilson is out-front about his distaste for anyone but black businessmen,
why shouldn't white bigots be out-front about their distaste for anyone but
white storeowners, workers and so on?

Now, there is real reason for black people to wish they could buy goods from
black businessmen. Black businesses deserve support from black consumers who in
the past have often been drawn to the glitz of white-owned malls and department
stores instead of the modest storefront of a brother, struggling to get started
and offering goods at a reasonable price. If black businesses are successful,
it's more likely that they will hire black workers, expand into more black areas
and do business with other black businessmen.

Given the often-hostile reception black businesses get from white banks and even
some suppliers, it is understandable that Wilson wants to help them. But to take
that good idea one step farther -- and condemn whites or Orientals for doing
business in black neighborhoods -- crosses the line to the land of bad ideas and
racism.

You can hear the bigots in every white insurance company that refuses to insure
black businesses taking comfort in Wilson's endorsement of discrimination. Even
worse, suppose all non-black businesses actually left black neighborhoods. It's
bad enough that there is no movie theater in Anacostia. But suppose there were
no stores except those owned by blacks. That would leave very few stores,
indeed.

No one is preventing black businessmen from buying stores in Anacostia -- but
the fact is that they are not. As my colleague Courtland Milloy recently wrote:
"The sad fact of economic life in Washington's black neighborhoods is that black
people once owned many of these stores and decided to sell them to Asians
because they were tired of hassling with the blacks they served" over money,
credit and crime.

Some areas of black Washington would have to do without a corner store or even a
nearby store if it were not for the Chinese or Koreans who took the risk of
re-opening the doors. But Wilson seems indifferent to this reality. In fact, he
wouldn't be pleased even if a black businessman came to town and reopened the
store. He wants a black businessman from the neighborhood who will "contribute
to education and self-respect here."

That would be great. But most businesses, black or white, are not concerned with
community education and self-respect. They're interested in making money. While
he waits for a generous, politically correct and black businessman to buy a
store in his neighborhood, Wilson opens himself to charges that he is guilty of
dreaming while all business drains away from Anacostia.

If he got his wish and all businesses had to be owned by local blacks (will they
have to live within a five-block area? maybe six blocks if they go to Wilson's
church?) the reverend might find that he had few people anxious to put their
money into a store in his neighborhood, an area that has its share of trouble
with drugs, prostitution and street crime.

In my neighborhood there are two video stores -- an Erol's and a black-owned
Video Channel. I get my tapes from Video Channel. I want to support a black
business. But I'm not opposed to Erol's being on Georgia Avenue. It helps to
bring the street to life. It attracts people who buy from other stores, some
black owned. And Erol's hires black workers. There is no need to oppose Erol's
in order to support Video Channel.

But that is what Wilson is doing in Anacostia. He is opening himself to being
portrayed as a racist. He is robbing himself of the moral basis for his
complaint about a store-owner allegedly threatening a customer. It was a bad
idea to turn the protest into a racial crusade against non-blacks and people who
don't live in the neighborhood.

The bad idea gets worse as the demonstrations continue and the stores remain
closed. Wilson should call off the protest and give himself time to think. At
the moment all he has accomplished is delighting racists everywhere.

Taken in total, Wilson's protest, the secession movement in Boston and the drug
workshop's proposal to give $ 20,000 to every black male -- an idea which Mayor
Barry opposed, as it happened -- are worse than run-of-the-mill bad ideas. They
are invitations to ridicule. They belittle the genuine, continuing black
struggles for equality in America.

These three movements give every bigot a chance to say blacks are busily
practicing reverse racism. You can hear them now saying that the need for blacks
to fight for their rights must be finished because black people are now busy
taking away other people's rights. The bigots can also say blacks are not
interested in gaining political power because they are trying to secede in
Boston, and where they do have power blacks are trying to give themselves money
from the public treasury for not doing dope.

These half-baked ideas also have the effect of turning off sympathetic allies of
the black-rights movement. Moderate whites, Asians and Hispanics willing to join
hands with black people against real bigots and the anti-civil rights atmosphere
created by the Reagan administration see these three ideas as offensive to them;
the civil rights coalition is fractured. That break-up and the diminution of the
seriousness with which the public sees the on-going black struggle is what makes
me wonder if the Grand Dragon isn't offering his public relations services to
the people behind these three self-defeating movements.

Juan Williams is a Washington Post staff writer.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: ANALYSIS, DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              152 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 29, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

THE 1992 CAMPAIGN: New York;
New Alliance Party Leader Attacks Arkansas Governor

BYLINE: By GWEN IFILL

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 16; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 390 words


A Harlem appearance by Gov. Bill Clinton of Arkansas disintegrated into a
raucous shouting match yesterday after Lenora B. Fulani, the New Alliance
Party's candidate for President, challenged Mr. Clinton to open up the
Democratic Presidential debate process.

Mr. Clinton was forced to suspend his remarks and eventually retreat from a room
at Harlem Hospital, where he was delivering a health care speech, when Ms.
Fulani stood on a chair and led a handful of supporters in chants of "Democracy
now."

"This is not about democracy," Mr. Clinton responded. "This is about whether I
will be an instrument of your will."

This was the second public disruption in a Clinton campaign event within the
last few days. On Wednesday, an AIDS protester provoked an angry response from
Mr. Clinton when he shouted at him from the audience at a money-raising event.

Mr. Clinton, who at first tried to respond to Ms. Fulani's demands that Larry
Agran, the former Mayor of Irvine, Calif., be included in the debates, was
drowned out by the protesters. Mr. Agran is running for President on the
Democratic ticket and has consistently complained of being excluded. Ms. Fulani,
who is not on the ballot in the New York primary, ran as a Democratic candidate
in New Hampshire and raised enough money to qualify for Federal matching money.

"You just met black people on Super Tuesday when you needed them," she told Mr.
Clinton. She added that he was "an insult to the black community."

Many people in the mostly black audience reacted angrily, yelling at her to sit
down and "show some respect."

"We did what we came here to do," she told reporters afterward.

One man interrupted the impromptu news conference Ms. Fulani held afterward to
berate her for disrupting the Governor's appearance.

"I came here to hear him," Cedric MacAlester told Ms. Fulani. "I hear you all
the time." When she told Mr. MacAlester that she was speaking up for black
people, he shot back: "Don't tell me about black people. I've been black all my
life."

Mr. Clinton said afterward that it would be "fine" with him if the debates were
opened to include Mr. Agran, who was not present today.

"But I don't know that I should deprive the people of New York the chance to
hear my views in a debate, when the sponsors of the debate decline to let them
in," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Lenora Fulani, the Presidential candidate of the New Alliance
Party, getting into a shouting match yesterday with Gov. Bill Clinton of
Arkansas at Harlem Hospital. Mr. Clinton was forced to suspend his health-care
speech and left the room. (Andrea Mohin/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              153 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                      September 1, 2002 Sunday A1 EDITION

S.J. may have missed signs of black chamber's woes;
CITY STAFF VOICED CONCERNS ABOUT GRANT

BYLINE: Kate Folmar Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 934 words


In an attempt to reach out to minority communities with tobacco-settlement
money, the city of San Jose awarded a lucrative grant to the Silicon
Valley/Santa Clara County Black Chamber of Commerce, a small institution with
little experience managing a lot of cash.

By doing so, San Jose lawmakers went against the advice of their staffers. Now
the black chamber is under police and city auditor scrutiny for how the grant
was used.

The black chamber received the $839,000 Tech Q grant to teach free computer
classes to displaced workers. It was among the largest awards in the first round
of distributions from the city's $10 million annual share of a settlement from
tobacco companies.

In the months after the December 2000 decision, city officials received several
warnings about the chamber's health.

But the city didn't take action until black community leaders publicly alleged
in August that chamber president and board member Kenneth Jackson funneled grant
money into his company -- something he vigorously denies.

A Mercury News review of the situation paints a portrait of a non-profit group
in trouble and city officials who seemed unaware of -- or unable to solve -- the
black chamber's woes.

Audit requested

Jackson has refused to discuss his business dealings but says he's confident the
audit -- which the black chamber requested -- will clear his name.

"All the money was used to provide technological services to the under-served
community -- that little message seems to get lost in everything," said Jackson,
who left his post as the black chamber president in early August. "All the money
was used to purchase computers, hire instructors and run programs. Every last
dollar."

Several city officials and a businessman who has done a preliminary review of
the chamber's books for the Tech Q grant say it does not appear that Jackson
misappropriated money.

Still, Jackson's business practices -- which included running his business,
Innetix, out of the chamber's offices for a time -- have drawn scrutiny to the
black chamber and its handling of city-grant funding.

The chamber -- under new leadership and seeking to expand -- was on uneven
footing when it went after the Tech Q grant in late 2000. It experienced
habitual struggles filing required paperwork for a series of smaller city grants
it received from mid-1994 to mid-2001. Cora Velasco, a city parks department
superintendent who manages grants, said it is fairly common for small non-profit
groups to have difficulty filing reports on time, but that the black chamber's
problems were more persistent than most.

Staff recommendation

San Jose staffers recommended against funding the $1.1 million initial Tech Q
request, giving it a score of 49 out of 100 points, city records show. They
lauded the program for offering an important service but criticized the proposal
for not outlining how the training schedule would work or how it would
coordinate with other job training programs.

The grant, awarded on the recommendation of the Healthy Neighborhoods Venture
Fund steering committee, came at a time when the city was on a tight timeline to
distribute the tobacco-settlement money, participants recalled.

Opportunities

Lawmakers said they awarded the grant because Tech Q was an innovative program
that met the city's goal of using part of the money to provide education
opportunities for diverse groups of people. They also stress that the chamber
was under new leadership -- with Jackson newly at the helm when the grant was
awarded.

"With this being the first round, perhaps we were not as thorough as we should
have been," said San Jose Councilwoman Pat Dando, who sat on the committee that
recommended which programs to fund.

Councilwoman Cindy Chavez -- who sits on the healthy neighborhoods committee but
was not on the committee when Tech Q was first funded -- said it would be
unrealistic for the city to try to conduct extensive background checks on all
grant applicants.

"This is a $2 billion organization, and we give away literally millions and
millions and millions of dollars a year trying to improve the quality of life"
in San Jose, she said. "And we rarely have problems. It's our job to be fiscal
managers, and we're doing that."

After the grant was awarded, the black chamber's problems seemed to quicken:

* In February 2001, the city denied funding on a separate Tech Q Community
Development Block Grant request for $679,000. A staff report on the application
said the proposal did not meet the grant criteria and cited the black chamber's
previous management problems submitting reports on time.

* The chamber last paid rent on its East St. John Street offices to the city in
June 2001, and now owes more than $45,000, according to the city.

* Last fall, the city received two complaints: One alleged that a participant in
the incubator program lost his office space to make room for Innetix. Another
was from a former employee who was concerned that his withholding varied from
week to week on his pay stubs.

Jackson confirmed that Innetix did run out of the chamber but said there was
"nothing illegal or improper about it," because the black chamber wasn't
receiving any city funding at the time. He said no other businesses were forced
to move.

Interim chamber president and board member Norwita Powell said the group can
recover after restructuring. Tech Q classes, funded with the remaining grant
money, are expected to start up again within two weeks.

Contact Kate Folmar at kfolmar@sjmercury.com or (408) 286-0264.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 19, 2011 Saturday
                              RACING FINAL EDITION

FUNDS SNATCH NOT A PENALTY, PRINCIPALS TOLD

BYLINE: BY RACHEL MONAHAN DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 363 words


SCHOOLS CHANCELLOR Cathie Black doesn't have much sympathy for principals
outraged over the Education Department's plans to raid their rainy-day funds.

"It isn't punishment of anybody," Black told reporters yesterday, a day after
officials announced that principals of the city's public schools who put away
money to prepare for next year's budget cuts will lose 50 cents of every dollar
they saved.

"There's a lot of hard decisions that are going to have to be made, so it seems
to me to be prudent to say we're not taking 100% of it away.

"We're letting them plan ahead with 50% of it. We don't have any money," Black
added.

All told, principals socked away $80.5 million.

Critics questioned why the agency would move to strip principals of a way to
prepare for budget cuts next fall.

Typically, principals have been given more say over their budget as part of a
key reform under Mayor Bloomberg.

"Everyone seems to be shocked and annoyed and now angry," said Ernest Logan,
president of Council of School Supervisors and Administrators, the principals
union.

Logan argued agency officials are trying to have it "both ways," saying
principals are in charge of their budgets while taking away what little control
they have.

"The other question this begs - what are you going to do with this money you
take from me? What are you doing with it?" Logan said, wondering if it would go
to outside consultants or the agency's efforts to grade schools and hold them
accountable.

"The whole premise is every dime goes to a school. So if you take back from the
school, what are you doing with it?"

Despite wanting half the money back, Black praised principals for their
financial acumen.

"The principals have the empowerment. They know how to spend the money. They've
done a great job at it," she said.

Black did not make clear what the money would be spent on, noting there's no
"final budget."

"It's not like we're clawing it back to spend it on something else. We need
money everywhere. It's not about central [administration]," she said.

Many principals insist there's no way they'd give up half their rainy-day funds.
Instead, they planned to buy up supplies for next year. rmonahan@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              155 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 8, 2007 Saturday

Money was goal of attack on Arnold woman, police say

BYLINE: Chuck Biedka

LENGTH: 398 words


A Westmoreland County woman who said she was kidnapped in Pittsburgh and beaten
during a car ride back to her home will recover from her injuries, officers said
Friday.

Paula Cherish Washington, 42, of Arnold was flown to a Pittsburgh hospital with
head injuries after the incident that she said began when she was grabbed by
three people about 8 p.m Thursday on Olympia Street in Mt. Washington, city
police Detective Paul Clark said.

Clark said Washington was repeatedly pistol-whipped and beaten in a car ride to
her house on Fourth Avenue in an effort to get money from a man with whom she
lives.

Police said one of the kidnappers contacted Willis "Silky" Washington and
demanded money for Paula Washington's release.

Clark said a black man and a white woman with blond hair held Paula Washington
captive as they drove her black 2008 Mercedes. A second black man followed in a
car with Illinois license plates.

When they arrived in Arnold, Washington jumped out of the car and ran into her
house.

"She was somehow able to escape," Clark said.

At that point, Willis Washington came out of the house with a rifle and opened
fire on the Mercedes.

Two shell casing were found in the snow, but it is unknown if anyone in the cars
returned fire.

"There was no evidence that anyone had been hit," said Arnold police Chief Joe
Doutt.

Paula Washington was flown to Allegheny General Hospital, North Side. Police
said her injuries are serious but not considered life-threatening.

One of the men accused of kidnapping Washington is thought to be in his 40s, the
other in his 50s. They were with a younger woman, police said.

Paula Cherish Washington has a long record of prostitution arrests, court
records show.

Five years ago, she was one of 15 women arrested by federal agents on charges of
operating bordellos in Pittsburgh, New York, Atlanta, Chicago, Boston, Houston,
Michigan and Mississippi.

A federal prosecutor said Washington, also known as Tiffany, is believed to have
been a madam at a Pittsburgh-area brothel. She was convicted and ordered to a
period of house arrest and probation and fined $2,000.

Willis Washington, 42, has a history arrests in the past 25 years on charges
such as drug possession, aggravated assault, reckless endangerment and receiving
stolen property.

He was convicted of a firearm violation in 2002 because convicted felons are not
permitted to have weapons.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Conrad Black seeks dismissal of remaining convictions

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Conrad Black's lawyers have filed a motion asking to have his remaining
convictions dismissed on the basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the
former media baron of his right to an attorney.

The request, filed Monday in a U.S. District court in Chicago, centres around
law enforcement's seizure of proceeds from the sale of his New York apartment,
which Black purchased from his company Hollinger in 2000 for $3 million US and
later sold for $9 million.

Black's lawyers argue that prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two warrants
to seize the assets by concealing information that would have undermined their
case for taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for $9 million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale wasn't
available to Black, his lawyers argue, he was denied his right to counsel.

"Conrad Black was intentionally deprived of his right to the counsel of his
choice by knowing of false statements made to the courts by the government as to
its right to seize property," lawyer William Kane argues in the filings.

"The deceptive affidavit in support of the pre-indictment seizures of Mr.
Black's assets spun a tale of fraud surrounding the purchase and transfer of the
Manhattan apartment by and between Mr. Black and his company as a basis for
seizing the apartment proceeds."

The filing accuses prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims that Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a purchase
price of $3 million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had paid for it
initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Carolyn Gurland, one of Black's lawyers, said in an interview Monday the
government knew that Black had put $4.6 million of his own money into the
apartment, thereby raising his investment in the apartment to $7.6 million, but
didn't include documents that reflected that.

Black, who was released from prison last month, would be cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his lawyers' request is successful. The request will
be heard by Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge who presided over
Black's initial fraud charges.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Postmedia News Archive; Conrad Black's lawyers say prosecutors withheld
evidence that would have exonerated him.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               June 17, 1999, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

NFLPA: 4 Gators got cars

BYLINE: BRIAN LANDMAN; ERNEST HOOPER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 985 words



Complaint says agent William "Tank" Black purchased luxury cars with help from
Fred Taylor.

William "Tank" Black purchased luxury cars for four Florida football players
before the Orange Bowl, in one case using money from former Gator star Fred
Taylor, according to the NFL Players Association complaint against the Columbia,
S.C., agent.

The five-page letter outlines eight violations of the NFLPA governing
regulations that the organization said it has "verified" during its recent
investigation. Any one could lead to Black's lifetime ban as an NFL agent.

The University of Florida police department is investigating allegations of
illegal recruitment of UF players by Black. In Florida, it is a third-degree
felony for an agent to provide money or gifts to a student athlete with
remaining eligibility and is punishable by as much as five years in prison and a
$ 5,000 fine.

Here are highlights of the NFLPA complaint, obtained by the St. Petersburg Times
on Wednesday:

 In the days leading up to the bowl game, the NFLPA said Black not only
"purchased a Mercedes-Benz" from an Atlanta dealership for one UF player, he
subsequently "arranged for automobiles to be acquired for three other" players.

None was named, but several Florida Division of Motor Vehicle documents obtained
by the Times indicate that a $ 133,500 Mercedes S600V was purchased in Jevon
Kearse's name on Dec. 31. Kearse, defensive lineman Reggie McGrew, linebacker
Johnny Rutledge and linebacker Mike Peterson signed with Black.

All four fired him after the draft.

 The NFLPA said that Black, while meeting with a Louisiana State University
assistant in December 1998, boasted to him that he had purchased a car for a UF
player by using money "belonging to Fred Taylor of the Jacksonville Jaguars,
whom you represent as a contract adviser."

Neither Taylor nor his New Port Richey-based attorney, Sam Williams, returned
calls Wednesday.

 During 1997 and/or 1998, Black provided cash to several players with remaining
eligibility, not only at UF, but at South Carolina and perhaps LSU. Rutledge has
admitted to taking $ 500 a month. He said that McGrew and Kearse have admitted
in sworn depositions to taking money, too. The NFLPA said that Black had a
representative, Alfred Twitty, funnel the money to the players.

Twitty, who has a home in Tampa, has not returned numerous calls from the Times.

 The NFLPA also said that a person identifying himself as Black's representative
offered a bribe to that same LSU coach, telling him that Black's Professional
Management Inc. was "willing to do whatever it takes for you to get Anthony
(McFarland) to sign with us. Name the price. We'll pay whatever it takes. Ten-,
20-, 30,000 dollars. McFarland signed with Karl Bernard and was the Tampa Bay
Bucs' first-round pick.

 Although on his application for certification as an NFLPA contract adviser
Black answered that he did not manage, invest or in any other manner handle
funds for NFL players, the NFLPA said that was "knowingly false." In fact,
Black's current brochure mentions, "Personal services ranging from paying bills"

 and "Financial services, including banking relationships, investment tracking
and monitoring."

 Even more telling, the NFLPA asserted, was that at various times since 1996,
Black sold several of his clients stock in a publicly traded company, Black
Americans Of Achievement, Inc., at $ 1 a share. Since January 1996, when the
NFLPA said these transactions began, BAOA stock hasn't traded higher than 63
cents. It now is trading at about 5 1/2 cents.

Black is one of three people listed on BAOA's board of directors.

"The first defense we're going to raise is this stuff is mere speculation," said
Black's attorney, Leonard Mungo. "You have no information to verify what you are
alleging."

To offer proof that Black did not purchase the cars before the players'
eligibility expired, for example, Mungo faxed copies of loan agreements Kearse,
Peterson and Rutledge signed with SouthTrust Bank of Columbia, S.C., to the
Times on Wednesday.

Each agreement is dated Jan. 4 and lists the type of car, vehicle identification
number, the amount financed and the loan total. Kearse borrowed $ 140,738.50,
Rutledge $ 69,527.11 for a Mercedes-Benz S420 and Peterson $ 66,350 for a 1999
Land Rover.

The loan agreements, however, do not negate the NFLPA's contention that Black
purchased the cars for the players before their eligibility expired. Mungo
insisted that the allegation, like the entire complaint, is false.

McGrew's father, Taylor, said Wednesday that his son had a car - "the one I
bought him. A Sunbird." He refused to comment further. Kearse, Rutledge and
Peterson could not be reached for comment.

The NCAA's Bill Saum, who investigates agent problems, said the possibility that
four UF players, and not one as had been reported previously, had obtained cars
does not raise any red flags as far as a lack of institutional control. The
issue, he said, is if "the institution knew or should have known" about the
agent activity.

"We'll evaluate this at the completion of this case," he said, praising UF's
forthright and promptness in contacting the NCAA.

Said UF athletic director Jeremy Foley: "We have not commented on the
investigative part of this from Day 1 and do not intend to now."

Black was given 45 days to respond to the NFLPA complaint and that is due July
3. In the meantime, the Rev. Jesse Jackson's Rainbow-PUSH Coalition and Florida
NAACP president Leon Russell have come to Black's defense. Interestingly, in
February 1997, BAOA entered into a two-year agreement with Jackson for business
advisory services, according to a Securities and Exchange Commission report.
Jackson received 100,000 shares of the company's stock for each year of the
agreement.

- Staff writers Rick Stroud, Roger Mills and Kyle Parks contributed to this
report.


LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              158 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             February 20, 2003 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition
                              Correction Appended

MEN'S GROUP COLLEGE FAIR WILL HELP BLACK STUDENTS FIND, FINANCE FUTURES

BYLINE: Denise Hollinshed Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SOUTH POST ; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 803 words


* Although some students may not get scholarships from schools of choice, leader
says, they will be admitted to colleges.

Ashley N. Duncan, 18, lives in the Jennings School District, one of the most
financially distressed school districts in the county, where 66 percent of the
students are eligible for Medicaid and 75 percent are eligible for free or
reduced-price lunches.

Ashley and many of her classmates lack money for college, but Thomas Ausley,
chairman of 100 Black Men of St. Louis and an educator for 24 years in the
Jennings district, hopes to change that.

His organization is heading the first African-American History Month College
Scholarship Fair, to be held from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday at the Adam's
Mark hotel.

He said that representatives of colleges across the nation would be there and
that many would be willing to offer scholarships on the spot.

"I've sent students to just about everywhere," Ausley said. He added that some
students might not leave with scholarships from their schools of choice but that
they would be admitted to colleges.

"If I leave a room with a letter saying I've been admitted to Dillard
University, I'll probably go," he said.

Ausley said many students were prepared for college academically but not
financially.

"Ideally, what will happen is that a student will come through the door at 9:30
and by 11 o'clock, they will have been admitted to somebody's college - and
hopefully a college where they will be successful," Ausley said.

For five years, the 100 Black Men Association has helped provide scholarships
for more than 200 students a year to go to college.

"We are going to bring everybody together to see if we can get all the paperwork
done in a timely fashion so we can get these children admitted to school on
time," he said. "This is a one-stop-shop fair."

The Missouri Higher Education Loan Association will be there to assist with
financial aid. Colleges will include Concordia, Harris-Stowe, St. Louis
University, Washington University, Southeast Missouri, Southwest Missouri, the
University of Missouri and Lincoln University.

Historically black colleges and universities will be there, including Alabama
State, Alcorn State, Dillard, Howard, Johnson C. Smith College, Langston
University, Xavier and Tennessee State. The Air Force also will be represented.

Ashley Duncan hopes to be one of the students who will be admitted to a
university on that day. She has been on the honor roll for four years and wants
to attend either Xavier, Howard, Hampton or St. Louis University. She wants to
be a pediatrician. Her college choices cost at least $20,000 a year.

Her father is a carpenter, and her mother is a child-care specialist with the
Missouri Department of Health.

She said that if she didn't get the money to go to a college of her choice, she
would find another school, perhaps Southeast Missouri.

"I guess I have to go to the school that gives me the most money because I don't
have a lot of money to go," she said.

Ausley said many high school students would have a rude awakening when they
began to apply for college. Money is the last thing they think about.

"That's normally how things break down," he said. "We don't have a whole lot of
choices."

The fair was his idea. "We have students like those at Metro High School in St.
Louis, which the state of Missouri says is the best high school in the state,"
he said. "They've got the average highest ACT score in the state of Missouri,
but many of their students don't have the money to go with the schools that they
select. So they will write us a letter and say, 'I've been accepted; now I've
got to come up with $35,000.' They don't have $35,000, and their families don't
have the credit to borrow that kind of money for four years. We try and put them
places where they can go and graduate after four years."

He suggested Rust College, at $10,000 a year, in Mississippi to a young man from
Beaumont High School.

"There are other institutions that are less expensive, and a lot of people are
not going to know that unless some group brings in the people who can deal with
things like that," he said. "A lot of these schools are poor. They've got money
for scholarships; they just don't have any money to pay anybody to tell people
to come."

John Bowman, a former state representative, is a member of the 100 Black Men
group who helps raise money for the organization.

"It has been said that through education, problems in our society can be
solved," he noted. "Throughout the country, we are being put on notice regarding
federal and state budget shortfalls and the threat to cut funding in higher
education. Affirmative-action programs are under attack, making the efforts of
the 100 Black Men St. Louis Chapter extremely important."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Denise Hollinshed:; E-mail: dhollinshed@post-dispatch.com;
Phone: 314-298-0832

CORRECTION: Unpublished correction - The name of Thomas Ousley, chairman of 100
Black Men of St. Louis is misspelled in this story. (pab)


                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              159 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               March 20, 1996, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

ALLEGATIONS OF RACISM FLY IN HOUSE; LEGISLATORS UPHOLD GIFT TO BLACK CAUCUS

BYLINE: Kim Bell Post-Dispatch Jefferson City Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 641 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


In a dispute with racial overtones, Missouri Rep. Martin "Bubs" Hohulin barely
lost his bid to yank $ 12,000 from the Department of Mental Health. His reason:
The department had given that sum to a Black Caucus function.

The department last June flew in a talk show host and a disc jockey and hired a
camera crew to tape a teen forum in Columbia, sponsored by the private
Legislative Black Caucus Foundation Inc.

Hohulin, R-Lamar, tried to deduct $ 12,000 from the department's budget when it
surfaced Monday night in the House. The House turned down Hohulin, 75-72.

"It's flat wrong to give public money to private entities," Hohulin said.

In response, Rep. Paula Carter, D-St. Louis, threatened to have Hohulin removed
from her committee, which reviews the Mental Health Department budget.

"I sure don't want to sit and look at him," said Carter, who heads the Black
Caucus. "I'm so damn mad. It's straight-up racism against black children."

Hohulin, a farmer, denied any racism on his part. "Heck no. Last year, I opposed
giving state money to Agricultural Leaders of Tomorrow. I thought that was
equally as bad a deal."

The Black Caucus Foundation, a private, tax-exempt group set up by black
legislators, got at least $ 65,398 in contributions from state agencies for its
annual conference June 22-24. The theme of the conference was "Celebrating What
Works."

The Mental Health Department's $ 12,000 contribution went to the teen forum, a
program for 180 youths that included discussions about drug abuse, teen
pregnancy, the new juvenile crime law and an introduction to college life. The
department said the money was well spent.

Black legislators set up the foundation in 1983 to do educational research and
charitable work and provide scholarships.

"It's wrong for an organization of 16 legislators to put the squeeze on people .
. . when the money should be used for the treatment of Missouri's mentally ill,"
Hohulin said.

The Mental Health Department made its contribution by taking $ 3,000 from
Comprehensive Psychiatric Services, $ 3,000 from mental retardation services and
$ 6,000 from alcohol and drug abuse. That covered the $ 5,000 speaker's fee and
accommodations for a disc jockey and for Belma Johnson, a Black Entertainment
Television host. It also paid for a production crew to videotape Johnson's
presentation.

Johnson, a muscular man in a purple shirt, led a youth summit in which he urged
a roomful of teens, "We need to talk more about it's OK not to have sex."

Carter said: "We were dealing with teen pregnancy, drugs, issues of mental
health. The money was spent for children. If it saves one child, it was worth
it."

The foundation's conference also included scheduled events for adults such as a
golf tournament, a casino reception, a jazz concert and dance. The Mental Health
Department's focus was on the youth event.

Hohulin said he has no intention of leaving Carter's Appropriations Committee.
Republican Floor Leader Mark Richardson, R-Poplar Bluff, contends that
Republican leaders can appoint their party's members to certain committees.

"If she wants to take us on, we're ready," Richardson said.

House Speaker Steve Gaw, whose office has final veto power over any committee
selections, said no one has asked him for Hohulin's removal.

"That's not an issue right now," Gaw said.

In addition to the Mental Health Department contribution, the foundation's
annual conference got contributions from the Lottery ($ 35,000), Tourism
Department ($ 5,722), Health Department ($ 5,000), University of Missouri at
Columbia ($ 2,961), Division of Highway Safety ($ 2,500), Conservation
Department ($ 1,215) and Highway Patrol ($ 1,000).

Hohulin said he only went after the Mental Health Department because he serves
on the committee that reviews that agency's budget.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo Headshot - Rep. Martin Hohulin, "It's flat wrong" (2)
Photo Headshot - Rep. Paula Carter, "I'm so damn mad"

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              160 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 7, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Segregated School Compensation Results in Scant Gain, Study Says

Mary Jordan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A4

LENGTH: 981 words


Two decades and hundreds of millions of dollars after the courts ordered states
to financially compensate certain segregated schools, a Harvard University study
concluded that there is "no indication" that the education of students in these
schools has improved.

The study, released yesterday, examined Prince George's County and three other
school districts ordered to spend extra money on overwhelmingly black schools
and found "no evidence whatsoever that the expensive programming and extra money
has redressed the harms of segregation."

The "Still Separate, Still Unequal" report said there is no concrete evidence
that the extra money has improved test scores and in some school districts test
scores show that the disparity between black and white students is widening.

Gary Orfield, director of the Harvard Project on School Desegregation, said an
extensive examination of schools in Prince George's; Little Rock, Ark.; Austin,
Tex.; and Detroit "shows that the solution proposed by the courts is not working
and not even being attempted."

The findings are significant because federal courts continue to order states to
pay huge sums of money to predominantly black schools to compensate for past
discrimination. One of the most widely publicized cases is the $ 32 million
spent on a single school in Kansas City, Mo. The school, built to be the finest
facility in the country, has not shown measurable education improvement.

"Just putting money into schools is not likely to produce benefits," Orfield
said. He added that schools have more responsibility than spending money on
disadvantaged kids. "Nobody has bothered to find if this has had an effect," he
said.

Prince George's County school superintendent Edward M. Felegy called the report
"unfair" and "misleading."

He said the court ordered 21 Prince George's schools to reduce class size and
add programs and teachers; it never instructed the school district to monitor
the educational progress of the students.

"This is not millions of dollars wasted," he said. "This money has been put to
excellent use."

"It's totally unfair for someone from Harvard years later to say there should
have been a different goal," he said. The superintendent added that everyone
would like to know what the educational impact of the extra funds has been. In
fact, he said, his school district was recently turned down for a federal grant
that would have paid for such an assessment.

Around the country, many states welcomed a 1977 Supreme Court remedy in the
Milliken v. Bradley case involving Detroit public schools. It freed states from
being forced to order unpopular busing in cases where schools were deemed
extremely difficult to integrate because they were located far from white
neighborhoods.

"There is tremendous incentive to go down this path," said Edward Kirby, a chief
author of the study. "It's politically easier than busing." But Kirby said,
"There is little to no evaluation" to see if it helps students.

The intent of the Supreme Court, according to the majority opinion, was to
provide extra funds for these isolated schools to "restore the victims of
discrimination to the position they would have occupied in the absence of such
conduct."

"Children who have been thus educationally set apart from the larger community
will inevitably acquire habits of speech, conduct, and attitudes reflecting
their cultural isolation. They are likely to acquire speech habits, for example,
which vary from the environment in which they must ultimately function and
compete ... " the court said.

Civil rights advocates have been critical of the so-called Milliken remedy for
years, saying school districts made only half-hearted attempts to get better
results from these nearly all-black schools, but were pumping money into these
schools to appease their consciences and obey the letter of the law.

In Prince George's County there is no question that the Milliken schools are
popular with parents. In fact, they have started a drumbeat in other schools for
more money.

There are about 11,000 students in these schools, which received $ 564, or 10
percent, more for each student than the district-wide average per pupil
spending. The money pays for all-day kindergarten, remedial math and reading
teachers, extra librarians, better facilities and smaller classes.

Felegy said it is "self evident" that the class size of 20 in Milliken schools
compared with 31 or more in regular schools would help students. He said next
year, for the first time in years, data would be available to determine if
students in the Milliken schools are reading or performing in math at higher
levels than students at other Prince George's schools.

June White Dillard, education coordinator for the Prince George's County branch
of the NAACP, said it is clear that money is needed to pay for the most
experienced teachers, enrichment programs and current textbooks. But she said
she, too, would like to know what progress is being made with the money being
spent.

"We have constantly asked the school system if they have evaluated the program.
The answer is 'no,' " she said. The school district did test achievement gains
for Milliken students five years ago and found that these students performed
better than students in other schools. But the Harvard study questioned the
value of the test.

The study chides Prince George's County for not applying more rigorous
evaluation methods, which it said "have been on the table for five years but
have yet to be conducted."

It does not rule out the possibility that properly implemented and monitored
programs could show positive effects.

Overall, the study concluded that in Prince George's, Austin, Detroit and Little
Rock, "the remedies have become a way for school districts and states to serve a
temporary and superficial punishment for prior intentional segregation."


LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, EDWARD M. FELEGY.

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS, MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              161 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 10, 1989, FRIDAY, THREE STAR Edition

DETROIT ORCHESTRA GETS FUNDS, PLEDGES TO SEEK MORE BLACKS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 320 words


LANSING, Mich. (AP) - Michigan legislators freed $1.25 million for the ailing
Detroit Symphony Orchestra after it pledged to try to hire more black musicians.
The 100-member orchestra has only one black musician, even though its home city
is two-thirds black. The orchestra's chairman, Robert C. Miller Jr., admittted
at a legislative hearing Wednesday that the orchestra had not tried to recruit
more blacks until recently.  Miller said that he was making no specific promise
to hire a black musician but he hoped that the orchestra would hire one before
the end of the year.  Last year, the legislature appropriated $2.5 million to
help the financially orchestra. It got half the money immediately, but lawmakers
withheld the rest until they reviewed its efforts to hire members of minority
groups and to solve its financial problems on its own.  On Wednesday, a
subcommittee freed the rest of the money on a unanimous vote.  Miller said the
symphony's executives were developing a five-year plan to take care of the money
problems.  But he said that hiring more blacks would be more difficult. He noted
that relatively few blacks were classical musicians, that the symphony had only
about a half-dozen openings each year and that it used blind auditions, in which
musicians are screened from the judges when they play.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              162 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                           January 6, 1994, Thursday

A summary of views as summit begins

BYLINE: Reported by Dennis Cauchon and Robert Davis

SECTION: BLACK-ON-BLACK CRIME; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 923 words


A national summit on youth violence and black-on-black crime will be held in
Washington, D.C., today through Saturday.  USA TODAY spoke to experts,
entertainers, athletes and politicians about the problem and some solutions:

JESSE JACKSON, president of the National Rainbow Coalition Inc., sponsor of the
conference: "We must emerge from this conference with a plan of action.  There
must be new demands upon the self.  Perpetrators must stop acts of violence.
Victims must resist violence.  Government policies have to change.  Private
industry has to get involved.  And the media, which has glorified violence, must
be part of a behavioral change.

"President Clinton gave a good speech in Memphis on how disappointed Dr. (Martin
Luther) King would have been over the violence.  But we need a 'therefore'
speech.  'These are the problems, therefore I put forth a plan of economic
stimulus, urban policy, etc.'

"On the other hand, there are things black people must do.  For one, we must
form a link with teachers -- walk the child to school, meet the teachers,
exchange phone numbers, turn off the TV three hours a night.

"This as an American crisis.  If whites shoot blacks, we want to riot.  If
blacks shoot whites, whites want revenge and capital punishment.  If black
shoots black, no one cares.  There's a permissiveness that is unacceptable."

ARSENIO HALL, talk-show host: "My grandmother lived in fear of white murders in
Klan sheets and matching pointy hats.  In 1994, the biggest fear of black
grandmothers is black-on-black crime.  We as a people have lost sight of Dr.
King's dream."

PERRY ANDERSON, police commissioner, Cambridge, Mass.; former police chief in
Miami: "If you look at the troublemakers, you'll find it's a small group
committing many crimes.  We're not talking about people who make a mistake on a
Saturday night.  We're talking about incorrigibles with proven track records.
We can't overlook racism.  We can't ignore rehabilitation.  But some harsh
method must be used against this group, because we have blood on our streets and
playgrounds."

WILHELMINA DELCO, Democratic state representative in Austin, Texas: "Our pat
middle-class answers don't work in this community.  Middle-class people like to
think we can put our shoulder to the wheel, work harder, and that will solve it.
We think long-term.  Poor people think 'now.' If they have a check they want to
spend it because they fear something will happen to it.  The family structure is
not there that allows long-term sacrifice.  We have babies have babies.  An
African proverb says it takes a village to raise a child."

KEN HAMBLIN, radio-talk-show host on KNUS in Denver; sometimes called the 'Black
Rush Limbaugh': "When I think of Jesse Jackson and this conference, I think of
tall grass and Jesse as a snake in it.  He's spent his career pushing the
liberal agenda and look what we've got to show for it.  Now, he wants to talk
about crime.  He can come over to my side, but I don't trust him.

"Jesse says prison is a move up for many young blacks.  Whose fault is that?  We
need incarceration that's more than pumping iron.  Let's send them to a work
farm in New Mexico.  Take them 3,000 miles out of their environment.  Make them
go back to the homies and say, 'This is a bummer.  The heat, the sun, the work,
no gates because it's 100 miles to nowhere.' We get butterflies when we get
traffic tickets.  Everyone has a price.  Let's turn up the heat on these kids."

KENNY ANDERSON, point guard, New Jersey Nets basketball team: "Black-on-black
crime is a real problem.  You have to start with the family.  The mother and
father have to get the kid at an early age and tell them the difficult things of
life and how to overcome them.  We are role models, but they also have to look
up to their parents, not just athletes and entertainers.  We're not all Michael
Jordans."

CHARLES RANGEL, a Democratic congressman who represents Harlem: "I'm a decorated
combat soldier and I can testify that animals, especially humans, fear death.
But not these young men.  There's never been anything like it in combat or among
the gangsters in the Roaring Twenties.  There's a total lack of fear of police
or incarceration.

"The reason is simple: What difference does it make?  These kids don't know
anyone who's gotten out of the inner city.  Even if you're straight, there are
no jobs.

"These kids have a choice between making a little money and making tons dealing
drugs.  But these young drug dealers can't even count the money they make!  They
can't launder money.  They can't buy a decent suit, find a restaurant that
serves a decent meal or make a reservation to Europe.  Money is a symbol of
success, but they're so poorly educated they don't even know what to do with it
other than get gold teeth and gold chains and baggy pants."

EMILY PALMER, director, Lula Belle Stewart Center in Detroit; helps young
mothers and fathers: "I was mugged a year ago on the edge of the property where
I work.  A man got me from behind, put his arm around my neck.  I gave him the
purse underneath my raincoat and he ran away.  I was angry, then frustrated,
then sad for him.  I was sad that this human had been turned into an animal.
But when I told my husband, he got angry at me.  He asked, what was I doing
walking on the street, what was I doing wearing a suit, even if it was 10 years
old.  That made me serious.  I told him, "Why aren't you mad at the man who
mugged me?' I have a right to walk on the street."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, JACKSON, Canadian Press via AP; Picture 2, ANDERSON, By
Mitchell Layton

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              163 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                    January 24, 2002 Thursday Final Edition

Jaguars' running back says agent 'robbed everybody blind'

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 324 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE, FLA.


Jacksonville Jaguars running back Fred Taylor testified yesterday that he was
swindled out of most of his $5-million US signing bonus by an agent who "robbed
everybody blind."

Taylor, testifying in the federal fraud trial of William (Tank) Black, choked
back tears as he recalled how Black had violated his trust.

"I agreed with everything he said," Taylor told a U.S. District Court jury. "I
trusted him with my life, with my daughter's life."

Also appearing as prosecution witnesses were current and former NFL players
Robert Brooks, Germane Crowell, Terry Allen and Jacquez Green, all once
represented by Black.

Black also represented Toronto Raptors' star Vince Carter, who dumped the agent
last season.

Black is charged with fraud for allegedly stealing between $12 million US and
$14 million from the NFL players he represented. If convicted, he faces up to 25
years in prison.

Immediately after Taylor signed with Jacksonville in 1998, he received part of
his signing bonus, about $2.4 million US. And that went straight to Black,
Taylor said.

"I trusted Tank that he would do right with the money," Taylor testified.

"Every so often I would ask how it was doing, and I got this sheet that said a
bunch of money was reinvested and reinvested, but it was make-believe."

At one point during cross-examination, Taylor angrily accused Black's lawyer Jon
Uman, of trying to paint him as the villain. Taylor said Uman had tried to do
the same with Ike Hilliard, the New York Giants wide receiver who testified last
week that he was bilked out of as much as $2.5 million US.

"I spoke to Ike about you trying to make him look bad, kind of like you're doing
me, when your client clearly robbed everybody blind," Taylor said.

Taylor's testimony came hours after Brooks said he lost $2.5 million US by
investing in a company that Black allegedly set up as part of a money-laundering
scheme.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2002 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              164 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 30, 1992, Sunday

A classic way to make money Black colleges sustain programs with crowd-pleasing
games

BYLINE: By Earnest Reese STAFF WRITERcolleges; football; competition;
personalities; history; public; reaction

SECTION: SPORTS; Section E; Page 11

LENGTH: 448 words


It started with Florida A&M in 1933. The school's business manager, J. R. E. Lee
Jr., decided to capitalize on a widespread curiosity about the brand of football
played at historically black colleges: He helped establish the Orange Blossom
Classic.

That first game, between the Rattlers and Howard University, was played in
Jacksonville, Fla., and drew a little more than 2,000 fans.

But 18 years later, at the height of the popularity of the Classic, which moved
to Miami's Orange Bowl in 1947, a crowd of 47,191 watched FAMU defeat Jackson
State 14-8.

Though the Orange Blossom Classic has fallen on hard times in recent years,
other schools have used similar classics as a means of not only subsidizing, but
sustaining their programs.

Grambling annually plays archrival Southern University in the Bayou Classic in
the Louisiana Superdome before crowds in excess of 60,000, and is the biggest
beneficiary of such games. The Tigers, who athletics director Fred Hobdy says
"are always going to make money," play in four of the seven top-drawing classics
involving black colleges.

Schools such as Alabama State and Alabama A&M, which played their annual Magic
City Classic before a crowd of 70,200 at Birmingham's Legion Field last October,
in recent years have earned enough revenue to cover more than a third of the
annual operating cost of their respective football programs.

That was not always the case, though.

"All of these major promotional games started out small," said Alabama State
athletics director Art Barnett. "I remember when the Circle City Classic started
[in Indianapolis]. It was drawing 7,000 to 8,000. Now it's averaging 60,000."

Barnett, a longtime instructor in Alabama State's School of Business, says many
black schools can make money from classics.

"But it's going to take a variety of things," he said. "It's going to take
increased marketing expertise. It's going to take strong conference alignments,
and black colleges understanding the marketing out of promotional games to third
parties, and making sure they don't get taken advantage of when they go to these
games."

But all is not rosy. A failure to provide promised big payoffs and publicity
from football classics has dampened participation from Mississippi schools in
the SWAC.

"You know what happened," Mississippi Valley State athletics director Chuck
Prophet said, "people got burned."

Former Jackson State athletics director Howard Davis sold four home games to
Bronze Classics Ltd., expecting the $ 1.5 million proposal to be a revenue maker
for the Tigers.

But Jackson State received just over $ 100,000 from the games and all the money
came from campus ticket sales.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922460389

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              165 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 16, 1989, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Wealthy publisher's tough road to success

BYLINE: Rodney Brooks

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 257 words


Succeeding Against the Odds By John H. Johnson with Lerone Bennett Jr. Warner
Books. 372 pp. $ 19.95

 Not since Donald Trump's The Art of the Deal has a book come along in which the
author felt the need to constantly remind you how rich he is - or how big his
ego is. Millionaire John H. Johnson, founder and owner of Johnson Publishing Co.
is one of the nation's 400 richest individuals. And he's not about to let you
forget it.

About daughter Linda Johnson Rice's wedding, for instance, he writes: ''We gave
her a wedding that was reported to be one of the most elegant - and one of the
most expensive - in Chicago social history.'' -But if you can get past the
name-dropping, tales of the condominium on Lake Shore Drive, the home on Palm
Springs' highest mountain, the Rolls Royces and limos, you'll find a truly
fascinating story.  A poor boy from Arkansas and his mother moved penniless to
Chicago and started what was to become one of the world's largest black-owned
companies.

Succeeding Against The Odds is the story of Johnson's unrelenting determination
to succeed even when the deck was stacked against him. It's a story of hard work
and determination. And it's a fascinating peek at black life, history and
politics during the past 40 years.

When banks refused to lend Johnson money, he borrowed $ 500, using his mother's
furniture as collateral, to start Negro Digest in 1942 (later named Black
World). In 1945, Ebony quickly caught on with black readers hungry for positive
news about themselves. The monthly's circulation now tops 2 million. Jet, the
black news magazine launched six years later, sells 900,000 copies weekly. Later
successes include Fashion Fair cosmetics and three radio stations.

Sure, the bragging is annoying, even though Johnson is justified at feeling
proud of his riches and his invitations to the White House. But the book is
worth owning.

(USA TODAY's Rodney Brooks is a deputy managing editor in the Money section.)

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color, Barbara Ries, USA TODAY (John Johnson) PHOTO; b/w
(Book jacket, Succeeding against the odds)

CUTLINE: JOHN H. JOHNSON: Owns Johnson Publishing Co.

TYPE: Money Bookshelf

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              166 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday
                          First with the news Edition

'I was asked to divert$18m to Black'

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 64

LENGTH: 237  words


CONRAD Black oversaw the diversion of more than US$15 million (A$18 million)
from Hollinger International to a holding company he controlled, his closest
business partner testified, linking Black to money prosecutors say was stolen.

While Black claimed the fees were approved by Hollinger International's board,
former Hollinger president David Radler, 64, said the money was moved to
Hollinger without the knowledge of its audit committee.

Radler, Black's business associate for four decades, pleaded guilty in 2005 to
fraud and agreed to testify against him. Radler was questioned about part of
US$60 million prosecutors say Black and others stole by disguising the money as
non-compete fees from buyers of US$3 billion in company assets. Black, the
former Hollinger International chairman, is on trial in Chicago.

''I knew that it was to the benefit of the Hollinger shareholders to move money
from Hollinger International,'' Radler testified in Federal Court. ''It was a
self-evident fact.''

Radler told the jury it would have been ''impossible'' to inform Hollinger's
audit committee or its chairman, former Illinois governor James R. Thompson,
about payments made to the holding company or to the defendants under the
non-compete agreements because those accords weren't requested by buyers of the
assets.

''I believed it was impossible because if the buyer didn't want the
non-competes, why offer non-competes?'' Radler said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CML


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           September 29, 2006 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Blacks flex muscle as campaign donors;
New venture: Atlanta's increasingly prosperous African-American community
attracts politicians seeking cash.

BYLINE: TOM BAXTER; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 987 words


As the South's biggest city, Atlanta has always been known as a good place to
raise political money. So it was no surprise this year when three Democrats ---
former Gov. Mark Warner of Virginia, who wants to be president; U.S. Rep. Harold
Ford Jr. of Tennessee, who is seeking a U.S. Senate seat; and Lt. Gov. Mark
Taylor, who is running for governor of Georgia --- held fund-raisers in Atlanta
within a couple of weeks of each other.

But there was one noteworthy thing about these events. African-American
Democrats played a substantial role, both as organizers and as check-writers, in
all three: a soiree at the Four Seasons Hotel in Midtown for Taylor that pulled
in $100,000, a $65,000 fund-raiser for Ford at the 191 Club on Peachtree Street
and a reception at the Holland & Knight law firm that raised $35,000 for Warner.

Nationally, African-American dollars make up only a tiny sliver of the big-money
pie that feeds the U.S. electoral system, according to the Color of Money
project, which tracks contributions by ZIP code. And 90 percent of the money
African-Americans do give goes to churches, as opposed to two-thirds for whites,
said David Bositis, of the Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, a
Washington think tank that studies black America.

So the glitzy events in Atlanta represented a new kind of venture.

Bositis and other experts are skeptical about any long-term significance.
"Embryonic would be a generous term" to describe any movement toward
larger-scale political giving among African-Americans, he said.

But state Sen. Kasim Reed of Atlanta, who chairs the Democratic Party committee
that raises money for state Senate candidates and ran both of Atlanta Mayor
Shirley Franklin's races, thinks otherwise.

Reed cited the 2001 Atlanta mayoral race, which he said was the most expensive
in the city's history, as an example of the emerging power of black dollars in
political campaigns. African-American contributions made up about $1.5 million
of the $3.5 million raised by Franklin before her election, and much of it came
at a crucial early stage before the business community was fully committed to
her, he said.

"People in my generation really are getting it," Reed said.

If African-American giving does emerge as a political force, Atlanta --- and
specifically, the growing portion of the metro area that is young, black,
upwardly mobile and involved --- is on the short list of cities that would be at
the tipping point.

"I think Atlanta is much further along," said Felix Chevalier, a Houston lawyer
who is treasurer of Power Pac, a nonpartisan group formed two years ago to raise
money in the African-American community there. "In Houston you have it, but it's
a much smaller niche group."

What makes Atlanta a hot spot for black fund-raising is the same thing that
makes it popular for blacks in general. That was illustrated by the host
committee list for a fund-raiser for Darryl Hicks, a Democratic candidate for
secretary of state who lost an Aug. 8 runoff race against Gayle Buckner.

Among the organizers: entertainment figures such as Dallas Austin and Fonzworth
Bentley; sports figures, including Atlanta Falcon Leigh Torrence; and
politicians such as Atlanta City Council President Lisa Borders.

If most of the celebs invited didn't make it to the fund-raiser at Cafe Dupri,
music producer Jermaine Dupri's Piedmont Road restaurant, their checks did.

Atlanta attorney Brian D. Poe typifies the young professionals Reed is talking
about. He said he has only begun making contributions to a few legislative
candidates over the past year or so, but he supported Hicks strongly enough to
make it onto the host committee list.

"Hopefully we're at the stage where we have enough income and vision to realize
we have to reinvest in order to keep moving forward," Hicks said. "We're
investing in leadership."

A recent report on minority buying power by the Selig Center for Economic Growth
at the University of Georgia's Terry College of Business shows that,
increasingly, the money is there to invest.

From 1990 to 2006, growth in African-American buying power outpaced that of the
country as a whole, and in Georgia the trend was much more dramatic. Disposable
income for black Georgians increased 237 percent, compared to 151 percent for
African-Americans nationally.

Jeff Humphreys, director of the center, said the increase in black buying power,
particularly in Georgia, will inevitably send more politicians in search of
money in the African-American community.

"This is where the opportunities for growth are," Humphreys said. "You don't
want to ignore 21 cents of every dollar," which is how much black spending
amounts to in Georgia, the nation's fourth-largest consumer market for
African-Americans.

Brooke Jackson Edmond, who as co-chairman of Taylor's gubernatorial campaign has
been raising money from Georgians of all races, said the Atlanta
African-American community's history of political involvement, combined with its
growing affluence, set it apart. It was probably no coincidence that U.S. Sen.
Barack Obama (D-Ill.) held one of his first out-of-state fund-raisers at
Pascal's restaurant in Atlanta, where so much black political history has been
made.

Throughout most of that history, black politics hinged on low-cost, grass-roots
organizing. Both redistricting and ghettoization have tended over the years to
put elected black officials in "safe" districts, where getting elected doesn't
cost much.

But as African-American candidates such as Obama and Ford have ventured into
pricey statewide races, and African-American politicos and business figures have
worked to extend their influence on those who might be their next president or
governor, money has become more important.

"When Maynard was running for mayor, the issue was registering voters and
getting people to go vote. Now the challenge is different," said Edmond,
daughter of the late Atlanta Mayor Maynard Jackson.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: FRANK NIEMEIR / StaffAlthough candidate Darryl Hicks (left,
greeting supporter Brian Poe at a campaign fund-raiser in August) lost his race
for secretary of state, a list of the event's hosts --- including major
entertainers and professional athletes --- was testament to the potential of
African-American political influence./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: U.S. Rep. Harold Ford Jr. (D-Tenn.) raised $65,000 in Atlanta for his
U.S. Senate campaign./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Brooke Jackson Edmond is co-chairman of Democrat Mark Taylor's
gubernatorial campaign./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              168 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                March 03, 2000, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Judge lets out Black on bond

BYLINE: ERNEST HOOPER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 883 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



The agent is released after posting $ 1-million. But government links him to
more illegal dealings.

Agent William "Tank" Black, accused by the federal government of fleecing
clients of millions of dollars, was released on $ 1-million bond Thursday after
a detention hearing before U.S. Magistrate Gary Jones.

But the 9 1/2-hour proceeding allowed assistant U.S. Attorney Jerome Sanford to
present what Jones called troubling evidence that indicated Black laundered
money for indicted Detroit narcotics dealers and helped two of the accused flee
the country.

Black is charged with conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire and bank fraud;
conspiracy to commit money laundering, and criminal forfeiture. Federal
prosecutors allege he cheated clients, most of them NFL players, out of more
than $ 6-million in an investment scam. The players include the Bucs' Reidel
Anthony and Jacquez Green, and fellow ex-Gators Ike Hilliard and Fred Taylor.

Black's client roster also included emerging NBA superstar Vince Carter. But the
Toronto Raptors guard suspended his relationship with Black on Thursday pending
resolution of Black's legal matters, which include a Securities and Exchange
Commission civil lawsuit that contains most of the allegations in the federal
indictment.

Thursday's proceedings centered on whether Black was a flight risk.

"That man has been virtually a liar, cheat and a thief for the last three
years," Sanford said in his closing statement. "He has lied to his clients,
stolen from the players. He has no sense of integrity, no sense of honor."

Black's attorney, Tampa-based Peter George, said Black could not flee even if he
wanted to because he has no passport and his assets have been frozen.

"He has nowhere to go and no way to get there," George said.

In his effort to prevent bond, Sanford introduced evidence from an unrelated
federal investigation in Detroit that linked Black to a drug ring that has been
under investigation since October 1996.

Black is a subject of that investigation as well.

Sanford's evidence included documents and handwritten notes gathered during a
search of Black's Professional Management Inc. office in Columbia, S.C., in
September.

Internal Revenue Service special agent Kevin Boudreau testified that Darrell
McConnell, a member of the drug ring, corroborated evidence that indicated Black
laundered money for key people in the ring.

Boudreau testified that McConnell told him Black laundered money for a 25
percent fee, funneling the cash into a Cayman Islands investment program.

Prosecutors said records found in Black's office back McConnell's testimony.

George, Black's attorney, said the 25 percent fee was being set aside for a
trust fund for the investors' children. He said Black thought the drug ring
leaders were real-estate investors.

The cornerstone of the prosecution's argument was two flights it said Black
chartered for people indicted in Michigan in the drug investigation.

The prosecution said that in April 1998, Black and Linda Wilson, a co-defendant
who runs his travel agency, chartered a jet in Columbia for a flight to Jamaica
for a member of the ring, his wife and his two children, all of whom were
traveling under aliases.

It said records seized from Black's office indicated that Black and Wilson had
prior business dealings with the couple. But George said Black's dealings with
them had been limited and because they were using aliases, he didn't realize
they were the couple he had dealt with. George said Black thought he was helping
a family find a vacation home.

Magistrate Jones said to Black: "It's difficult to understand how you could make
a "business trip' to Jamaica and not have more insight into the persons you were
assisting."

The couple remain fugitives.

Jones also said he was troubled by a Rio de Janerio trip Black and business
associates took with McConnell and two others who were indicted.

The prosecution said Black was helping the ring leaders find a residence in case
they had to flee the country.

George described the trip as a business venture to search for condominiums in
Brazil. Jones said no one in "their right mind" would have invested in Brazil
during February 1998 because of the country's high interest rates at the time.

Despite his concerns, Jones decided to release Black on bond. He also released
Wilson on $ 500,000 bond. The judge said his primary reason for releasing both
was their willingness to come forward after their indictments.

Black and Wilson will be arraigned at 9:30 this morning. The proceeding is
expected to be brief.

Trial is scheduled for May.

Black and Wilson were allowed to return to their South Carolina homes. They must
observe a curfew from 10 p.m.-6 a.m. and be monitored electronically. They are
allowed to leave the state only for matters in Florida related to their cases.

Sanford also requested that Black not be allowed to contact Linda Danielle
Granger of Atlanta. Sanford described Grainger as Black's "paramour" and said he
had purchased cars for her and paid her rent.

That clashed with George's portrayal of Black as a family man who needed to be
released to take care of his wife and three children. Black's wife, who suffers
from Lupus, attended the proceedings and left with Black.


LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, MICHAEL WEIMAR; William "Tank" Black leaves a
Gainesville courtroom with his wife after being released on bond.

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              169 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                          September 25, 2008 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                                  Main Edition

ATLANTA FOOTBALL CLASSIC: Game scores its 20th year;
Fund-raiser for black colleges sets sights on expansion

BYLINE: ERIC STIRGUS; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1110 words


A week before the big game, John T. Grant Jr. sat in his office and spoke with
the exuberance of a football coach.

Grant, CEO of 100 Black Men of Atlanta, was thinking big.

On Saturday, the organization will mark a milestone --- the 20th anniversary of
the Bank of America Atlanta Football Classic --- between Florida A&M and
Tennessee State universities.

Instead of taking a victory lap, Grant sat in his office and made a bold
prediction. In 15 years, the Classic will be one of college football's biggest
sports events.

"Nothing happens unless people have what some would call foolish dreams," Grant
said in an interview. "But more than anything, have the desire and the will and
the ambition to pursue it."

Grant said 100 Black Men hired a consultant to look at how the Classic can draw
more revenue for the two schools and its scholarship fund, Project Success. He
wouldn't divulge much about the group's strategy.

The long-term vision will require some work. Major college football games, like
the Sugar Bowl, pay the conferences of each school about $17 million. The
Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl paid Auburn and Clemson universities a combined $5.83
million at the Georgia Dome in December. Grant says the participating schools
have shared about $9.1 million since 1996.

David M. Carter, executive director of the University of Southern California's
Sports Business Institute, said Classic organizers should avoid benchmarking
themselves against other bowl games. Instead, he said organizers of these games
should market what makes them successful.

"They must continue to build their brand by differentiating themselves from
other games and events, stressing the intrinsic value and importance of the
games, as well as the players' ability to participate in them," Carter said.

The Classic, Grant stressed, is different. Its goal is to raise scholarship
money for aspiring college students. About $4.3 million has gone to Project
Success since 1996, according to Grant.

The growth of classic contests is critical to the financial survival of football
programs at historically black colleges and universities, say those involved.
This year, there will be 45 "classic" contests between HBCUs. Nearly half of
them will be played at neutral sites, such as Saturday's game at the Georgia
Dome. The games draw bigger crowds, more sponsors and thus, more money. Last
year's game at the Dome drew nearly 57,000 fans.

One Florida A&M official said the Classic is responsible for about one-quarter
of the school's football revenue. The Tallahassee-based school has a football
stadium that seats 25,000. Florida State University, also located in
Tallahassee, has a stadium that seats 82,300.

"Without these games, it would be awfully difficult to meet our budget," said
Alvin Hollins, Florida A&M's assistant athletic director.

The Atlanta Sports Council estimates the game and other weekend activities
associated with the contest generate about $30 million for Georgia's economy.
The Chick-fil-A Peach Bowl typically generates about the same amount of money,
council officials said in a 2006 interview. Council officials could not be
reached for comment Wednesday.

Ursula Staten, 44, who received her bachelor's and master's degrees from Florida
A&M, said she plans to drive from Tallahassee to Atlanta on Friday for the
Classic. Staten said she has come here for the Classic the past 17 years, even
though she's not a football fan.

The Classic, Staten explained, is a weekend to catch up with family, reunite
with friends she hasn't seen in years and spend time in a city she likes.

"Sometimes, I don't make it to my seat," Staten said.

Grant confessed he didn't imagine the Classic's growth. In fact, there were
questions whether 100 Black Men could pull off putting the game together in
1989. Grant, then an account executive at Airborne Express, joined others with
100 Black Men in what amounted to a monthlong all-nighter to work on last-minute
details, such as finalizing contracts to get the two teams in Atlanta. About
40,000 fans witnessed the first game, then called the Ebony Classic, at Georgia
Tech's football field.

The game now has 15 sponsors, among them The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. This
year, for the first time, the contest will be broadcast live on the Versus
Network.

Grant wouldn't say how much money the Classic will get from Versus, nor how much
money 100 Black Men collects from the contest. Tax records show 100 Black Men of
Atlanta raised about $3.6 million last year from special events, which included
the Classic.

Tennessee State is playing two classic contests away from their hometown,
Nashville, this year. They say about 25 percent of the school's football revenue
comes from these games.

Wallace Dooley, the university's associate athletic director, credits the
classics with bringing in enough money to maintain longtime rivalries instead of
playing big-time college programs and getting clobbered. The classics, with
their big crowds and occasional television exposure, are also a recruiting tool,
Dooley says. Earlier this year, the school's star defensive back, Dominique
Rodgers-Cromartie, was a first-round NFL draft pick.

"It throws away the myth about HBCUs that [players] will not be seen by the
NFL," Dooley said.

Now, if Tennessee State can put one in the win column ...

Florida A&M has won the past six years.

Dooley insists they'll win this year.

"[Tennessee State is] probably overdue," said Hollins, of Florida A&M. "We've
probably beaten them every way known to man."

NOTABLE ALUMNI

FLORIDA A&M

Common. Grammy-winning hip-hop artist.

Althea Gibson. First African-American tennis player to win a Grand Slam event.

Alcee Hastings. U.S. representative (D-Fla.).

Pam Oliver. Fox Sports reporter.

John W. Thompson. CEO of consumer software publisher Symantec.

TENNESSEE STATE

Xernona Clayton. Creator of the Trumpet Awards, which celebrate African-American
achievement.

Bobby Jones. Host of popular weekly gospel music show on BET.

Lloyd "Fig" Newton. Retired U.S. Air Force general.

Wilma Rudolph. Won three gold medals in track and field at 1960 Summer Olympics.

Oprah Winfrey. Talk-show host and media mogul.

Sources: Florida A&M University Alumni Association, Tennessee State University

SCHEDULE OF EVENTS

Friday, 10 a.m.-4 p.m. --- Health and career fair. Georgia World Congress
Center. Building B.

Friday, 8-10:30 p.m. --- HBCU Step Showdown. Boisfeuillet Jones Atlanta Civic
Center.

Saturday, 10-11:30 a.m. --- Georgia Power Parade of Excellence. Starts at
Peachtree Street and Ralph McGill Boulevard.

Saturday, 10 a.m.-3 p.m. --- College fair. Georgia World Congress Center. A/B
Registration Hall.

Saturday, 4 p.m. --- Bank of America Atlanta Football Classic.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 26, 2008



CORRECTION: A story in Thursday's Metro section had the incorrect name of the
Chick-fil-A Bowl.

GRAPHIC: Photo: MIKKI K. HARRIS / mkharriss@ajc.comFred Parham advises high
school student Raven Jessie as part of 100 Black Men of Atlanta Inc.'s Project
Success in Atlanta./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: MIKKI K. HARRIS / mkharris@ajc.comAbove, Douglass High School sophomores
(from left) Shavie Smith and Raven Jessie, participants in 100 Black Men of
Atlanta's Project Success, spend time Monday on a project after school. Project
Success benefits from the proceeds of this weekend's Atlanta Football Classic
game./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Clayton/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Common/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Gibson/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: Winfrey/ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: MIKKI K. HARRIS / mkharris@ajc.comTop right: The Rattlers' No. 30 Philip
Sylvester (left) stiff-arms the Tigers' Tyrone McGriff for extra yardage during
last year's Atlanta Football Classic at the Georgia Dome./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              170 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 18, 2016 Monday

Virginia: Police Request Your Help in Identifying Robbery Suspects in 2 Business
Robberies

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Newport News, The State of Virginia has issued the following
news release:



 INCIDENT #1: On April 15, 2015 police responded to the Quick Pick Grocery Store
located at 9825 Jefferson Avenue in reference to a business robbery. The clerk
informed officers that two unknown men entered the store at 9:37 PM and robbed
him at gunpoint. One man went around the counter and pointed a firearm at the
clerk and ordered him to the floor. The other leaned over the counter and
grabbed currency and cigarettes. Both then fled the store in an unknown
direction.





 Suspect descriptions:

 Suspect #1 - b/m, 5' 9", and unknown age, approximately 200 lbs. black jacket
with gray sleeves, black gloves, black hoodie and black stocking cap over his
face, carrying a black in color firearm.

 Suspect #2 - b/m, 5'7", unknown age, dark skin, blue hoodie, bandanna covering
the lower part of his face.



 INCIDENT #2: On 9/30/2015 at 7:00 pm and unknown man entered the CVS Pharmacy
at 13000 Warwick Blvd., (Oyster Point and Warwick) walked directly to a clerk,
demanding money from the register. The suspect then fired a single shot into the
ceiling. The clerk responded by giving the suspect money from several registers.
The suspect approached a second employee and demanded money and property from
her. Several customers were inside the business and the suspect ordered them to
step aside. Witnesses advised the suspect got into the passenger side of a
silver Chevrolet Impala which was parked at/near Advanced Auto. The suspect
vehicle was last seen travelling northbound on Warwick Blvd. The man took cash
and a cell phone before leaving the store.



 SUSPECT DESCRIPTION:

 Black male, 25-30 years old, 5'10"-6'0", 170-175lbs; last seen wearing a grey
shirt/sweater, black Chicago Bulls cap, black scarf covering lower part of face;
armed with a small framed black handgun



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              171 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 16, 2016 Saturday

Virginia: Police Request Your Help in Identifying Robbery Suspects in 2 Business
Robberies

LENGTH: 330  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Richmond: City of Newport News, The State of Virginia has issued the following
news release:



 INCIDENT #1: On April 15, 2015 police responded to the Quick Pick Grocery Store
located at 9825 Jefferson Avenue in reference to a business robbery. The clerk
informed officers that two unknown men entered the store at 9:37 PM and robbed
him at gunpoint. One man went around the counter and pointed a firearm at the
clerk and ordered him to the floor. The other leaned over the counter and
grabbed currency and cigarettes. Both then fled the store in an unknown
direction.





 Suspect descriptions:

 Suspect #1 - b/m, 5' 9", and unknown age, approximately 200 lbs. black jacket
with gray sleeves, black gloves, black hoodie and black stocking cap over his
face, carrying a black in color firearm.

 Suspect #2 - b/m, 5'7", unknown age, dark skin, blue hoodie, bandanna covering
the lower part of his face.



 INCIDENT #2: On 9/30/2015 at 7:00 pm and unknown man entered the CVS Pharmacy
at 13000 Warwick Blvd., (Oyster Point and Warwick) walked directly to a clerk,
demanding money from the register. The suspect then fired a single shot into the
ceiling. The clerk responded by giving the suspect money from several registers.
The suspect approached a second employee and demanded money and property from
her. Several customers were inside the business and the suspect ordered them to
step aside. Witnesses advised the suspect got into the passenger side of a
silver Chevrolet Impala which was parked at/near Advanced Auto. The suspect
vehicle was last seen travelling northbound on Warwick Blvd. The man took cash
and a cell phone before leaving the store.



 SUSPECT DESCRIPTION:

 Black male, 25-30 years old, 5'10"-6'0", 170-175lbs; last seen wearing a grey
shirt/sweater, black Chicago Bulls cap, black scarf covering lower part of face;
armed with a small framed black handgun



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 16, 1993, Tuesday, Final Edition

Smothering Sanctimony

Richard Cohen

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A21

LENGTH: 827 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


On Sunday, New Jersey governor-elect Christine Todd Whitman did penance. Along
with her husband, John, she attended services at two black churches, looking as
comfortable (at least on television) as George Bush on a supermarket checkout
line. She listened while her campaign was excoriated for allegedly attempting to
pay off black ministers, as her erstwhile campaign manager Ed Rollins has said.
But it is not only the black vote that was "suppressed," if in fact it ever was,
but plain talk as well.

What Rollins said (boasted?) amounted to political heresy. "Walking around money
" is almost never discussed, because it represents politics at its most cynical.
Usually, it's money -- cash is preferred -- given to old-line political
organizations to get out the vote. These organizations do have their expenses,
of course, but walking around money is often a kind of bribe to precinct leaders
and the like. Without it, they have been known to sit on their hands on Election
Day.

Whether Rollins actually passed out $ 500,000 to black ministers and others may
never be known. After boasting of such an operation, he retracted his statement
under considerable pressure and said he had been exaggerating. Maybe.

But similar Election Day operations have been going on for a long time. Years
ago a Maryland governor, Blair Lee III, told me how the Democratic organization
used to pay for an Election Day boat ride, sending certain voters (mostly black
Republicans) down the Potomac and bringing them back only after the polls had
closed. Lee is dead; otherwise he might either recant what he said or confess to
an exaggeration.

The term "political correctness" is much abused, but in the Rollins case we have
an unmistakable example of it. It's not clear if he is being attacked for what
he admittedly did or for boasting about it. Black leaders have come down on both
him and Whitman for denigrating the black community and for slandering the
African American clergy. Surely, the assertion that certain ministers were paid
off not to exhort their congregations to vote is not flattering. But two things
can be said about it: It's hardly in the same category as intimidating likely
voters, and it just might be true.

What's bothersome about the Rollins affair is not just what he did -- who can
approve? -- but the reaction to it. Instead of the political community, and
black leaders, demanding that the black ministers be identified and exposed for
their cynicism, it is Rollins who's been reprimanded and silenced. Indeed,
Whitman's busy Sunday is evidence of a PC atmosphere at its worst. She had to
make amends. As for the ministers who allegedly pocketed her campaign money,
little was said of them. But who are they, and how can they defend what they
did?

Indeed, Rollins (and Whitman to a degree) have been accused of racism. But
walking around money knows no color. It is related to income level, to a degree
of poverty (or a lack of affluence) that would encourage a person to work -- or
not work -- at the polls for very little money, maybe $ 25. In the case of
clergymen, precinct leaders and even the publishers of ethnic newspapers, the
sums are larger, but the recipients are not exclusively black. Basically, what
they have in common is cynicism -- the view that politics is a business
proposition: What's in it for them? Cash in the hand answers that question.

Paying community leaders, including the clergy, to suppress the vote is rare.
But it is just the other side of the coin. When Rollins moved the rock of
Election Day practices in certain urban areas, he exposed an ugly sight. He
might have been exaggerating, but nothing he said came as a real surprise to the
political community. The surprise was that he has spoken about walking around
money at all. It's the adultery of politics, quite common but never
acknowledged.

A political candidate would probably be prudent to think twice about hiring
Rollins. Most of us, though, should thank him for his candor. But NBC, for one,
is reportedly reconsidering Rollins's role as a "Today Show" commentator. Why?
Because he said certain black ministers could be bought, or because he said he
bought certain black ministers? My guess is that it's the former. Rollins has
somehow been tarred as a racist when, of course, he's nothing but a realist. He
would have bought priests and rabbis, if he could -- and for all I know maybe he
did.

A smothering sanctimony has settled over this affair. Because race is an
element, racism becomes the context. Spokesmen for the black community are
outraged -- and they should be. But the target of their anger should not be
Rollins or Whitman (or not just them) but the ministers who were allegedly on
the take. If they exist, they ought to be exposed for what they are -- more
cynical than the politicians they routinely excoriate and less honest than the
much-vilified Rollins. We have things reversed. It's greed, not candor, that's a
sin.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              173 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      April 18, 1999, Sunday, Home Edition

MONEY & MORE;
 Message of saving is aimed at blacks

BYLINE: Vikki Ramsey Conwell, For the Journal-Constitution

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3R

LENGTH: 411 words

Juliette Fairley knows there is no one simple formula for money management and
financial success. There are many individual approaches.

That's why the financial writer did not pen a book based only on her experience
or the advice of one financial expert. Instead, she interviewed 20 financial and
business leaders and compiled their advice and experiences in her new book, "
Money Talks," (Wiley Books, $ 22.95).

The book, written with African-Americans as a target audience, is a collection
of savings strategies and investment tips from black experts in the areas of
banking, financial planning, investment management and the stock market. They
include John Rogers, chief executive officer of Ariel Capital; Maceo Sloan,
president and CEO of Sloan Financial Group Inc.; and Emma Chappell, founder of
United Bank of Philadelphia.

These business and financial experts share a belief that African-Americans must
save and invest more and that overspending is a big issue in the black
community, said Fairley, former personal finance editor for Black Enterprise
magazine.

"A lot of them were quick to say that African-Americans are consumers and not
savers, and we need to change that," she said. "We also tend to be too
conservative when it comes to investing."

Since blacks historically have been without money for so long, they tend to
reward themselves first by spending money on consumer items, rather than
investing and saving, she said.

"We need to stop living in the moment, and take the focus off looking good. If
we start thinking about what life will be like financially when we're older,
then we'll start advocating investing and retirement planning."

Retirement planning is a part of wealth building, she said. And once people
understand the concept of wealth vs. income, they will want to plan for the
future and leave an inheritance for their children.

"Generally, whites have wealth and they have money managers to help them invest
their wealth. Blacks, on the other hand, have income and are left to their own
devices to manage that income," Fairley said.

Education and greater access to information is key to fueling change, she added.

"If we're reading and learning about what to do with our money, then we will
gain a better understanding and start applying that to our lives. The more black
people learn about money, the better off they will be."

Vikki Ramsey Conwell is a free-lance writer living in DeKalb County.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              174 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 16, 1994, Thursday

Black 411 service helps callers buy African-American

BYLINE: By Jennifer Ffrench Parker STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section N; Page 4

LENGTH: 458 words


Every chance he gets, Larry Spear tries to buy black.

"African-Americans earn $ 350 billion a year, yet only 7 percent of that money
stays in the black community," Spear said. "If more of that money circulated in
our community, we could begin to make an impact on some of the social problems
like high unemployment and poor education.''

Spear, 33, is doing his part to help change the status quo with a new telephone
directory service that links consumers with black-owned businesses.

Spear's company, Black Financial Empowerment Inc., launched the Black 411
service in January from a spare bedroom in his College Park home.

Companies pay $ 200 a year to be listed in the directory. In return, operators
give the companies' names and numbers to callers seeking products and services
operated by black-owned businesses.

"This is an easy and simple way to find a company," Spear said. "You may not
have a printed directory around, but you can pick up the telephone and ask for a
name and number."

Spear, a former telecommunications company sales manager, thought up the
business shortly after relocating to Atlanta with a former employer in 1992.

Spear and his wife, Michelle, moved to unincorporated Fulton County and didn't
have cable.

"We wanted a satellite dish," Spear said. "As a consumer I always try to spend
my money with black-owned businesses. I tried to find a black-owned satellite
dish supplier and couldn't, and then I got to thinking - what if there was a
directory assistance I could call?"

Spear and a former colleague, Tony Hylton, created a computer program to run the
system, and put it on line in January with a list of 15 companies.

Today, the company has a directory of 63 Atlanta companies and averages 150 to
200 calls a month. Among them are retail stores, banks, real estate brokers,
lawyers and print shops. Aleta Spence, who signed up her stock-brokerage firm,
Smart Capital Management, with Black 411 in April, said she has already had four
telephone calls through the service.

"The message is finally getting through that we need to bring money back into
our community and help build it up."

To help the service grow, Spear has been marketing it through the traveling
Black Expo show. He and his staff spent last week at the Black Expo in New York,
where he said interest was very high.

"We signed up another 50 companies in New York," Spear said.

The Black Expo will soon be visiting Detroit and Washington, and expects high
levels of interest there too.

"There is a growing consciousness among consumers about the need to patronize
black businesses," Spear said. "Since we are only getting 7 percent of the
African-American dollars, something isn't working and we need another
alternative.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941750379

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              175 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JANUARY 23, 1996 Tuesday SF EDITION

A PLEA TO BLACKS TO PUT THEIR MONEY TO WORK

BYLINE: Rachel Konrad, KNIGHT-RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F01

LENGTH: 612 words


Kelvin Boston learned of a desperate need for financial planning in the black
community the painful way - by watching his client, a 37-year-old widow,
disregard his financial advice, squander $350,000 in insurance money, and end up
penniless.

"Before her husband's passing, she was used to living from paycheck to paycheck.
That's what made her comfortable," said Boston, a Detroit financial adviser. "At
that moment, I knew I had a new mission: to help my clients understand and
correct their attitudes toward wealth."

Boston, who hosts a syndicated TV show about money matters, has spent two
decades encouraging blacks to invest in stocks, mutual funds, real estate and
their own businesses. The show, The Color of Money, reaches an estimated two
million viewers nationwide through PBS and Black Entertainment Television.

His new book, Smart Money Moves for African Americans (G.P. Putnam's Sons), went
on sale in bookstores nationwide this month. It emphasizes reducing debt and
investing wisely.

In it, Boston urges African Americans to build wealth and live "with financial
dignity."

A MATTER OF RESPECT

"Businesses finally respect African American purchasing power, but not our
economic clout," Boston said. "We have little net worth in banks, mutual funds,
real estate and businesses. As America's number-one minority, we have the
opportunity to put our financial house in order."

Boston is chief executive officer at Boston Media, which publishes the Color of
Money Journal, a companion magazine for the show. He also publishes Corporate
Detroit magazine, a monthly for local entrepreneurs and executives. And he's
also director of the Detroit-based investment group Calvert New Africa Mutual
Fund.

Boston says his new book is the only financial guide that incorporates cultural,
political and religious nuances. The target audience is anyone who lives in a
household making $25,000 to $50,000 a year and who is African American.

Boston describes himself as "more spiritual than religious." In his book, he
tries to dismantle the idea that blacks should be content with poverty or
postpone prosperity until they reach heaven.

"The majority of African American churchgoers were taught that money was the
root of all evil and to store their treasures up in heaven," Boston said.

'ULTIMATE SMART-MONEY MOVE'

A central theme of the book is entrepreneurship - what Boston dubs "the ultimate
smart-money move." He pushes African Americans to open their own businesses to
avoid getting trapped beneath corporate glass ceilings or stifling bureaucracy.

He also urges all black people - even those who prefer to work for others or in
large companies - to become their own financial agents by owning stocks, homes
and mutual funds. African Americans should build their financial portfolio
aggressively, Boston said, and invest in their own educations and health.

He says that, on average, a white household owns $3,420 in stock mutual funds,
but a black household, on average, owns $115 in these investments. And while the
interest income of white homes averages $7,308 a year, black households average
$872 annually.

The crux of Boston's wealth-building plan, he said, is confidence: African
Americans must believe they can play the stock market and win. That they can
open businesses and profit. That they can buy a home and watch it appreciate.

"We can all rattle off the names of 10 or 20 white entrepreneurs, from Bill
Gates to Ted Turner, but many of us can't name one black entrepreneur or
millionaire," Boston said. "By not knowing who our financial heroes are, we tell
others that we don't have any."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: PERSONAL FINANCE

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 14, 1993, Sunday

'Walk-around money' corrupts the ideal

BYLINE: Cynthia Tucker

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section G; Page 7

LENGTH: 606 words


For the record, political strategist Ed Rollins has recanted. African-American
ministers throughout New Jersey have issued vehement disclaimers. New Jersey's
governor-elect, Republican Christine Todd Whitman, has held forth with angry
denials.

The subject? On Tuesday, Rollins, who directed Whitman's upset victory over
incumbent Democrat Jim Florio earlier this month, told a group of reporters that
Whitman's campaign paid black ministers and Democratic activists in order to
suppress the black vote in New Jersey.

There are those who say Rollins is an egotist who was eager to take credit,
undeservedly, for the drop-off in the black vote for Florio. The incumbent
governor got 84 percent of the black vote in 1989, but just 75 percent on Nov.
2.

But Rollins's stunning remarks hang in the air still, kept aloft by a certain
ring of plausibility. The Grand Old Party has a not-so-grand record of tactics
aimed at discouraging the participation of black voters, who overwhelmingly
favor Democrats. In 1981, a federal court ordered the Republican Party in New
Jersey to stop using techniques such as "ballot security task forces" at certain
polling places. The use of those off-duty police officers was a clear attempt to
intimidate black voters.

Moreover, any longtime political operative knows of the long- established
practice of handing out "walk-around money" to Democratic activists to ensure
high voter turnout at the polls, especially among African-Americans and
Hispanics. (Rollins was apparently enjoying the idea that he had beaten the
Democrats at their own game by handing out money to discourage voting.) The
money is ostensibly used for such things as transportation for poor, elderly and
handicapped people who lack their own cars. The tradition has always smacked of
corruption. It ought to be ended.

African-American ministers in New Jersey are absolutely right to say the charge
from Rollins besmirches black churches. It would be appalling, indeed, if any of
them had accepted money to discourage their members from voting.

What would the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. say of such a thing? What would the
many martyrs of the civil rights movement have to say of African-Americans who
can be paid to keep people of color from the polls?

Atlanta Congressman John Lewis, beaten in the head by law enforcement officers
during the historic 1965 Selma-to-Montgomery march , still carries the scars
from his battles to ensure full voting rights for people of color. Of the
Rollins controversy, Lewis says, "The whole thing is despicable. It is an
affront to the memory of those who bled and died for the right to vote."

In this age of trendy Afrocentrism, prominent ministers of many of the nation's
biggest black churches proudly wear kente cloth stoles into the pulpit. Many
sprinkle African proverbs into sermons replete with a mixture of biblical text
and classical philosophy, so concerned are they with the idea of promoting black
pride.

Never mind the Republicans. Any black ministers who would accept money to
discourage their parishioners from voting deserve to be denounced for the
sellouts they are.

There is a way for New Jersey's black ministers - indeed, the politically active
black church everywhere - to reclaim moral authority in this matter: stop taking
"street money" from Republicans and Democrats. There is a legitimate purpose for
voter education campaigns and for transportation efforts to help voters get to
the polls. But black churches and black political organizations can surely find
another way to pay for them.

Cynthia Tucker is editor of the Constitution's editorial pages.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH933220199

GRAPHIC: Illustration: Ed Rollins being showered with dollar bills./ WILSON
LOWREY / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              177 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 20, 1992, Saturday, Final Edition

In the Minority At USA Today;
Reporter's 'David Duke' Remark Draws Furious Staff Reaction

Howard Kurtz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE B1; MEDIA NOTES

LENGTH: 998 words


It began as a harmless office joke: staffers at USA Today suggesting outrageous
candidates for an editing job in the paper's Money section.

But James Healey, the paper's automotive writer, sparked an angry reaction this
week when he nominated David Duke and took a slap at USA Today's minority hiring
policy.

In a computerized employee newsletter, Healey wrote that the Louisiana
politician contends, "to the everlasting discomfort of bleeding hearts and the
terminally guilt-ridden, that white men have rights, too. He would be able to
keep alive in this newsroom a notion we seem in danger of forgetting in our
headlong rush into the touchy-feelie world of p.c. and in our eagerness to make
quotas more important than merit."

One reporter, Blair Walker, responded: "Call me an overly sensitive black man
who sees bigotry lurking behind every bush, but a proposal that we name an
avowed racist and Nazi sympathizer as our next DME [deputy managing editor]
doesn't strike me as humorous, not even a little bit." He called the suggestion
"just plain offensive."

Healey did not return phone calls, and Editor Peter Prichard would not discuss
the matter. "Our internal newsletters are private documents," he said. "I don't
think I want to get into a discussion about it."

The Gannett chain, which includes USA Today, has one of the industry's best
minority hiring records, and USA Today's goal is to build a staff that is 20
percent minority. Several reporters say Healey's broadside reflects the
resentment of some other white staffers toward affirmative action, although no
one writing in the newsletter has defended Healey's comments.

The newsletter, "Bullsheet," is a daily forum for light banter, as suggested by
the initial nominees for the Money vacancy (John Gotti and Attila the Hun).

But the electronic conversation took a more serious turn when a black reporter,
Desiree French, suggested Los Angeles beating victim Rodney King. French noted
that "there are 5 white male editors in Money, 3 white women, 1 black man and 0
black women." That prompted Healey's nomination of Duke.

Reaction to Healey's comment was swift. A black reporter, Rhonda Richards,
called Duke an "antisemitic white supremacist. ... Bring him here and this paper
could become USA Yesterday."

A white reporter, Bill Montague, wrote: "I think Money's own rivethead has a few
loose ones rattling around in his head. ... My question for Jim is this: Do you
really think Duke -- the guy who put the KKK on the map -- stands for the simple
proposition that 'white men have rights, too'? ... Because if you do, then I'm
one bleeding heart liberal who has a few choice and unprintable things I'd like
to say to you. And believe me! I am not joking."

Healey responded the next day that the incident "is being taken waaaaay too
seriously." He wrote that "No, I am not a fan of Duke. ... However, I have no
regrets at invoking his name and citing his comments about white guys having
rights. The truth is the truth. ... I was not making a joke. Though Duke ... was
a deliberately provocative symbol, the point stands: We are in danger of
elevating quotas to higher prominence than quality."

Many staffers are upset that Prichard put his arm around Healey in the newsroom
and joked that he might need a bodyguard, taking this as a show of support.
"It's just an ugly little situation," one says. "What's really outrageous is the
way they've dealt with it."


Lights, Camera, Mistrial

Court TV, which has aggressively covered 108 trials around the country, made a
major blunder during the 109th.

The cable network caused a mistrial in Austin, Tex., this week after a producer,
Michele DuMont, told several jurors in a hallway that she wanted to talk to them
after the trial.

To its credit, Court TV quickly notified the presiding judge and, when he
declared the mistrial Wednesday, broke into regular programming to report its
misconduct.

"We screwed up," said Court TV President Steven Brill. "It's a violation of our
rules. It's directly contrary to what we're supposed to do." He said DuMont's
action was "inexcusable" but she would not be penalized because "I just don't
think it's fair or logical to fire someone for making a mistake."

Court TV had begun taping for later broadcast a trial in which a woman sued
Texas police officers for arresting her during a demonstration for the homeless.

DuMont approached the jurors during a recess Tuesday. "When I saw the look on
their faces, I realized it was improper. They looked horrified," DuMont later
testified, according to the Austin American-Statesman.

In a letter to Brill, Judge Steve Russell said: "A juror looking forward to
either being interviewed on TV or being lambasted by another juror on TV might
be less than candid during deliberations. ... I am disinclined to give the Texas
appellate courts an opportunity to tee off on cameras in the courtroom
generally. The subject remains controversial within the Texas judiciary."

Brill said the network will voluntarily pay about $ 500 in court costs. He also
said he notified one of his publications, Texas Lawyer, about the mistrial
because "it's a good story."


Perotmania

News organizations are among those rushing to cash in on Ross Perot's
presidential candidacy by flooding the market with videotapes of the Texas
tycoon's wit and wisdom.

Inc. magazine is recycling a 1991 keynote speech and interview with Perot for a
breathtaking $ 99. CNN is pushing a $ 19.98 biography that includes footage from
"Larry King Live" and other CNN interviews. David Frost's production company is
peddling a $ 14.95 version of an interview that aired on PBS in April. MPI Home
Video is marketing an 18-month-old talk with Perot (from an aborted CBS special)
for $ 19.98. Operators are standing by.


How's That Again?

"Bush and Congress Reach an Accord on Aid for Cities" -- Thursday's New York
Times, Page 1.

"Squabbling Stalls Urban Aid" -- Thursday's Washington Post, Page 1.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              178 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 25, 1994, Saturday

Black officials meet to bolster the bottom line

BYLINE: By Rhonda Cook STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section B; Page 11

LENGTH: 415 words


Money - and how African-American individuals and businesses can make more of it
- is the central theme that will be repeated for two days in Savannah, where the
Georgia Association of Black Elected Officials (GABEO) holds its summer meeting,
which started Friday.

"We have won the long, hard battle for civil rights and human rights," said Rep.
Tyrone Brooks (D-Atlanta), GABEO's president. "We must now win the battle for
silver rights. It's vital that we spend more black dollars in the black
community."

In the past year, the 23-year-old black political group has taken a more
aggressive role and assumed a higher profile than in the past when it only held
periodic meetings and handed out awards to its members, now numbering some 700
black men and women who hold elected office in Georgia.

Members have toured jails and prisons, filed lawsuits and picketed businesses
accused of discriminating against minorities, such as the Atlanta Eye Care
Center, which was accused of offering poor service and unfair treatment of
blacks and the elderly.

Brooks said the Savannah meeting - one of three held every year - will be an
"intensive working" session to develop plans for improving black-owned
businesses.

"Economic empowerment is the only way we will achieve complete freedom and
equality," Brooks said in his letter inviting GABEO members to the meeting. "To
create this base of economic growth and stability, we have to forge strategies
to enhance spending, sharing, investing and organizing with each other. It is
imperative that our dollars remain in our communities."

According to Brooks, more than $ 300 billion nationwide "passes through the
hands of African-Americans" each year, yet less than 10 percent is spent at
black-owned businesses.

"In other words, we are big consumers and big spenders but we are not big
developers," Brooks said. "We don't have the habit of turning our money over
like other ethnic groups. When we cash our checks on Friday, the money is in the
hands of white merchants on Monday."

He said prosperous black-owned businesses could be the solution to many of the
social problems facing minorities.

"If we would spend our money with each other and invest with each other, we
would create a better pool of resources to uplift ourselves," Brooks said.
"Until we're willing to reach down and help ourselves by spending with each
other and investing with each other . . . we have no right to complain about
what somebody else is doing to us."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941800456

GRAPHIC: Photo: Rep. Tyrone Brooks

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              179 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 19, 1996, Friday, FIRST EDITION

'Dream team' to donate to black churches

BYLINE: Oscar Dixon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 235 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


ATLANTA -- NBA basketball players on the U.S. Olympic Dream Team
have decided to share some of their wealth with black churches
hit by a string of arsons in the South.

Charles Barkley said Thursday that 11 players on the 12-member
team will donate the money they are awarded by the U.S. Olympic
Committee to church rebuilding efforts.

The U.S. Olympic Committee will pay athletes $ 15,000 for winning
a gold medal; $ 10,000 for silver; $ 7,500 for bronze; and $ 5,000
for a fourth place.

The Dream Team is expected to win a gold medal, which would bring
$ 165,000 to the black churches.

Sixty-seven black churches have been destroyed by fires in 11
Southern states since the start of 1995.

Houston Rockets center Hakeem Olajuwon, a Muslim, supported the
team's decision but will give his money to an Islamic foundation.

Barkley, responding to a question Thursday about the Dream Team's
incentive to win the gold medal, revealed the player's plans.

"We don't need to come to the Olympics for any financial reward,"
the Phoenix Suns forward said. "We're giving the money to the
black churches."

Reggie White, a minister and defensive end for the Green Bay Packers,
has been urging athletes to donate since his church in Knoxville,
Tenn., burned in January. "I want to thank the Dream Team,"
he said. "They're making the move to try to get other people
to do it."

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              180 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 3, 1980, Monday, Final Edition

Va. Fed Chief 'in Monetarist Camp'

BYLINE: By John M. Berry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Washington Business; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 436 words


For a Kentuckian, Robert P. Black, president of the Richmond Federal Reserve
Bank, is about as close to a Virginian as one can come.  He took three degrees
at the University of Virginia, including a Ph.D. in economics, married a woman
from Charlottesville and has worked for the Richmond Fed for nearly half of his
52 years.

Black headed for Charlottesville from Hickman, Ky., a small town in the western
part of the state, intending to be a businessman.  (Casey Jones, the railroading
man who met his fate in Virginia, was Hickman's most famous native.) But once at
U-Va., Black "got sidetracked into economics" and not much later got his first
job from the Richmond bank.

"I guess my job now is what I pointed myself toward all along," Black said in
his soft-spoken voice that sounds more like Virginia than Kentucky.  "My degree
was in monetary theory and policy."

Black doesn't regard himself as a pure monetarist but says he has favored "for
more than 20 years" trying to control inflation by controlling the money supply,
a view that "puts me fairly strongly in the monetarist camp."

Certainly he was enough in the camp that he was very pleased indeed a year ago
when the Federal Open Market Committee, the monetary policy-making group for the
Federal Reserve System, voted to switch its method of operations.  On Oct. 6,
1979, the FOMC announced it would henceforth try to control growth of the money
supply by controlling bank reserves, and therefore their freedom to make loans,
rather than trying to influence the process indirectly by managing interest
rates.

In each of the two months preceding that decision, Black had dissented from the
policy choice made by the FOMC, saying it was not pushing up interest rates fast
enough to keep the money supply on the right path.

While he won't discuss his recent policy recommendations in detail, he says
flatly, "The monetary aggegates have expanded much more than anybody wanted."
And he notes, perhaps suggesting his own policy preferences right now, that at
the September meeting of the FOMC four members again dissented, favoring
stronger actions to get growth of the money supply back within the chosen target
range.

Strong enough or not, during the last two months, interest rates have shot up
again -- banks' prime lending rate reached 14 1/2 percent last week -- as the
Fed has tightened credit conditions.

Sharp fluctuations in interest rates are, unfortunately, part of the price that
has to be paid to control the money supply, Black maintains.  The ultimate
result, lower inflation, should be worth it, he believes.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Richmond Federal Reserve president Robert P. Black.  By
Melissa Grimes for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              181 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Independent Record (Helena, Montana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 26, 2011 Tuesday

Elkhorn mine may soon be reality

BYLINE: John Harrington, Independent Record, Helena, Mont.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


April 26--Gold mining may soon begin in central Jefferson County, after an
announcement Monday that the owners of a permitted mine near the ghost town of
Elkhorn had received financing to move the project forward.

Elkhorn Goldfields LLC announced the infusion of around $7.5 million from Black
Diamond Holdings, a private holding company based in Denver. The money will
allow the company to begin construction and development of its Golden Dream
underground mine, and according to the news release, mining operations could
commence late this year.

Patrick Imeson, chairman of Elkhorn and managing director of Black Diamond, said
the funds were raised from Black Diamond's investors.

"We've been working on this for quite some time and we are pleased we were able
to achieve a level of financing," he said. "It's Black Diamond money that came
internally from our existing shareholder group."

Imeson said the money will allow for construction of an access ramp and access
to the ore body, which will allow for more substantial metallurgical testing of
the deposit.

Jefferson County Commissioner Tom Lythgoe said the announcement of funding is
encouraging.

"Exactly what this means for the county it's a little hard to say, but it's
really good news," he said. "When it's fully operational my understanding is
there will be about 50 employees."

In the bigger picture, Imeson said Elkhorn, which also owns the shuttered
Montana Tunnels mine near Jefferson City, continues to work to secure funding to
expand that mine and restart its ore processing operation.

Officials have pegged the start-up cost at Montana Tunnels at between $60
million and $70 million. The eventual plan is to ship ore from the Golden Dream
mine to Montana Tunnels for processing.

Elkhorn owes Jefferson County nearly $2 million in taxes on the Montana Tunnels
mine. Imeson said that bill was incurred by the mine's previous operator, and
that this round of funding will go to operations and not back taxes.

"These funds are specific to the Elkhorn mine, but to the extent that this helps
us get where we're going in Montana, this will help us get where we're going
with the tax bill as well," he said. "We're working to get in cash flow so we
can fix it."

To see more of the Independent Record, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.helenair.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Independent Record, Helena, Mont.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110426-HE-Elkhorn-mine-may-soon-be-reality-20110426

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HE


                       Copyright 2011 Independent Record


                              182 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  July 23, 1999, Friday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Scam targets black coaches

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTS DIGEST; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 596 words



Con artists have scammed black coaches out of $ 100,000 and may be out for more,
Southwestern Athletic Conference commissioner Rudy Washington said Thursday.

Washington warned coaches in a news release about the scam involving a story
about a nephew in need of emergency money.

"I'm trying to get people to understand that they're doing this across the
country," he said. "It's widespread, but we don't know how widespread. He's
making a ton of money."

Western Union, which handled the wired transactions, along with the NCAA and FBI
have been unable to do anything to stop the scam, Washington said.

Once the money is sent, it can be picked up at any location in the United States
without producing identification, Washington said.

Someone posing as Washington called at least 15 coaches, telling them about a
nephew who needs money. The coaches were told the caller was on an airplane and
needed money wired to a specific destination. Coaches were told the money would
be returned to them when the plane landed.

But the caller never sent the money back.

The names of NFL Hall of Fame tight end Kellen Winslow, NBA player's union head
Billy Hunter and Washington have been used.

Dan Wasserman, a spokesman for the NBA players union, confirmed Hunter's name
was used, but said he couldn't say which coach had been asked for money.

BOXING: Heavyweight Ike Ibeabuchi was arrested on charges he sexually assaulted
a woman in his hotel suite in Las Vegas. HBO and promoter Don King have come to
terms on a contract for a heavyweight championship rematch between Evander
Holyfield and Lennox Lewis on Nov. 13 at Las Vegas' Thomas and Mack Center.
"We've agreed with Don on everything we need," said Lou DiBella, the cable
network's boxing vice president. King has to work out some issues with Lewis'
promoters before a deal is finalized, but those obstacles are deemed minor.

TENNIS: Carlos Moya routed Fernando Meligeni 6-4, 6-3 to reach the quarterfinals
of the Mercedes Cup at Stuttgart, Germany. Marcelo Rios ousted Jens Knippschild
6-4, 6-4 despite being broken three times on the clay courts. Vincent Spadea
upset Karol Kucera 6-3, 3-6, 7-6 (7-1), and Alex Corretja beat Albert Costa,
2-6, 6-4, 6-1.

RUNNING: Three-time Boston Marathon champion Uta Pippig said she may ask for a
court injunction against the two-year doping ban imposed on her by the German
Athletics Federation.

COLLEGES: The new 12,400-seat Bossier City (La.) Multi-Purpose Arena will be the
site of the 2002 and '03 Sun Belt Conference men's and women's basketball
tournaments. Vanderbilt unveiled versions of its athletics logo. One features a
block letter "V" with the word "Vanderbilt" across the bottom and a commodore
with sword in hand rising from the bottom of the "V." Another has a "V" over a
star; the third has the "V" with the word "Vanderbilt" across it. Fans will vote
on which version they want on football helmets . . . Butler's Barry Collier has
emerged as the favorite to succeed Clem Haskins as Minnesota men's basketball
coach, the Saint Paul Pioneer Press reported.

BASKETBALL: Led by Steve Smith's 19 points, the United States beat Puerto Rico
115-76 in an Olympic qualifier game at San Juan. Puerto Rico went on a 10-2 run
to pull within 36-30 in the first half, but got no closer. The United States
(8-0) and clinched the top seed in the semifinals, which will be Saturday with
two berths in the 2000 Olympics at stake. Brazil clinched a spot in the
semifinals.

SOFTBALL: The FireStix beat visiting Durham 4-3.

- Compiled from Times wires.


LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; Marcelo Rios returns a shot to
Jens Knippschild, whom he beat 6-4, 6-4 to reach the quarterfinals of the
Mercedes Open.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              183 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

'Black Tie for Black History' dressing up a cause

BYLINE: By Deidre Williams - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 590 words


Break out the evening gowns and tuxedos for the "Black Tie for Black History"
extravaganza to be held Friday in Stillwater, 483 Delaware Ave.

The event will honor community leaders and serve as a fundraiser for Juneteenth
of Buffalo.

For each of the last two years, it has raised $3,000 to $4,000, said Marcus
Brown Sr., president of the board for Juneteenth of Buffalo. The money is
much-needed, said organizers of the summer festival.

"One of the things that stops us from doing a lot is money," Brown said. "We
need that money. It's good start-up money."

Carron Crump, Juneteenth board vice president, said, "Over the years, since our
funding has been almost literally cut in half, we definitely are so grateful
this money comes through.

"We have overhead, and entertainment venues, security," she added, mentioning
some of the expenses of putting on the festival. "We're just making it."

Juneteenth, which costs about $80,000 a year, started in 1976 and has taken a
hit financially in the last few years, Crump said. This year, its may not reach
its funding goal. Given the state's fiscal woes, Juneteenth cannot count on
money previously promised by Albany. At the same time, less money is available
through nonprofit sources.

"We write grants and proposals, and we're in competition with other festivals
and events that are going on in the city, and we're not at the top of their
priority list," Brown said. "We're just hoping not to lose events and services."

Tickets to Friday night's fundraiser are $20 and can be purchased at Doris
Records, 286 E. Ferry St.

Juneteenth, which celebrates the end of slavery, marks an American milestone
that everyone can and should celebrate, organizers said, because, according to
the Emancipation Proclamation, no one can be enslaved in the United States.

"The emancipation is a continuation, a finished product," Brown said. "It added
us to the picture, but it doesn't say anything about blacks or
African-Americans. It says no one should be in slavery."

A celebration of independence, Juneteenth is akin to the Fourth of July, but
with a difference, he said.

"In 1976, when the country began to celebrate the bicentennial, it was totally
forgotten that in 1776, we were still slaves, and in essence, we would be
celebrating our slavery," he said.

Current generations do not know a lot about black history, which is another
reason for the significance of Juneteenth, he added. Mention names such as Adam
Clayton Powell and Muhammad Ali -- idols of Brown when he was younger -- and
many young people either have not heard of the person or do not know what their
contributions were to the civil rights era, he said.

"They don't know simple stuff. They don't know anything about a lot of civil
rights figures, some who are right here in Buffalo: Jesse Nash, Mary Talbert.
They don't know who these people are," Brown said.

A celebration of tradition, culture and heritage, Juneteenth must be kept
relevant and in the forefront, especially for generations of younger people who
look to President Obama as a role model but may forget that he stands of the
shoulders of those who came before him, said Brown and Crump.

"It's nice to have Obama as president, but there's still a lot of work we have
to do," Brown said. That next generation is not aware of what is going on. The
Emancipation Proclamation was [issued] in 1863, and in 2008, we just got a black
president. No, it's not over with. We're still lagging behind. We still have a
lot of work to do. We need to make that apparent."

e-mail: dswilliams@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Charles Lewis/Buffalo News Marnetta Malcolm is flanked by Thomas
Beauford Jr., left, and Marcus Brown Sr. to unroll sponsor banner for Friday's "
Black Tie for Black History" event to benefit Juneteenth of Buffalo.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              184 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                         March 4, 2000, Saturday, FINAL

Black free on bail after innocent plea

BYLINE: Eddie Pells

SECTION: Sports; F7

LENGTH: 429 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE, Fla.


GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Sports agent Tank Black pleaded innocent to criminal fraud
and money laundering charges Friday, then left the courthouse free on $1 million
bond.

When he gets back to his office in Columbia, S. C., there won't be much of a
business left to run.

One of Black's few remaining big-name clients, Toronto Raptors star Vince
Carter, ''suspended'' his relationship with Black pending the outcome of the
trial.

If convicted, Black could be sentenced to a jail term of up to 25 years.

Is there a window open for a reunion between Carter and Black? Neither Carter
nor his mother, who manages his son's financial affairs, said as much when they
made the announcement on Thursday night.

Their only look forward was the announcement that they would not interview
prospective new agents until Aug. 1.

''We wish to make it clear that Vince will not entertain any proposals for
representation until after Aug. 1,'' Michelle Carter-Robinson said. ''Anyone who
makes such a proposal prior to that time will be disqualified from
consideration.''

Carter was the cornerstone of Black's roster at Professional Sports Management
Inc., and as late as last week, the Raptors forward made a public statement in
support of Black.

Carter's mother described the decision to temporarily sever ties with Black as
''very painful. ''

It was surely even more painful to Black, who has seen most of his clients
defect, accusing him of scheming them out of millions of dollars through a
series of elaborate scams.

When his trial begins May 1, it should bring on a parade of NFL players, many of
whom used to be stars at the University of Florida, which sits just a few miles
west of the federal courthouse in Gainesville.

And if the 9 1/2-hour detention hearing he endured is any indicator, the trial
should be engaging, if not out-and-out combative.

To prove he was a flight risk, federal prosecutors detailed Black's alleged role
in an unrelated Michigan drug case. They say Black and his associate, Linda
Wilson, helped Detroit-area drug dealers launder money and escape the country.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Jerry Sanford called Black a ''liar'' and a ''cheat,''
but in the end conceded Black would probably ''stick around'' for the trial if
the judge granted bail.

''But at some time, he'll run,'' Sanford predicted. ''He'll fold. Because he has
no alternative.''

Using evidence obtained during a search of Black's office and testimony from an
indicted witness, Sanford alleged that Black and Wilson laundered millions for
drug dealers.


LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              185 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 3, 1994, Sunday, City Edition

Racial rifts emerge as AIDS shifts

BYLINE: LISA FREDERICK

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1356 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Carl DeVine's words become slow and agonized when he talks about two of the
friends he lost to AIDS last year.

His friends, Gwen Jenkins and Anthony Hayward, founded the People of Color  AIDS
Coalition four years ago with the goal of educating black people about  the
disease and improving the services offered to minority AIDS patients.

Based in two drafty, old converted homes in St. Petersburg, the coalition  is an
organization DeVine is fighting hard to keep afloat after its founders'  deaths.

He is battling meager financing and the nagging feeling that the odds are
stacked against him.

"I'm tired of seeing my friends die. I'm tired of seeing my relatives  die,"
DeVine says, his voice suddenly gaining strength and speed. "I'm tired  of
knowing that so many more of us are going to die because of greed and
selfishness and insensitivity."

DeVine is not alone in his frustration. Several people who work with  agencies
that provide AIDS education and patient services in the black  community say
they aren't getting their fair share of AIDS funding.

"Black organizations are collectively concerned that, as in so many other
things, we are being shut out of the process," says Walter Niles, a health
specialist with the Tampa Urban League.

It's a scenario that has played out in other cities nationwide, often  bitterly
and always emotionally, as the tug of war for dollars has turned  allies
fighting a common battle into fierce rivals.

The rifts are the result of the changing demographics of the disease.

A decade ago, AIDS primarily affected gay and bisexual men, so most AIDS
organizations, and the money that supported them, were focused on those  groups.
Today, the rate of new HIV infections is highest among heterosexual,
intravenous drug users and sexual partners, many of whom are minorities.

Yet, critics say, most AIDS programs are still being administered with gay
white men in mind.

Perhaps the most acrimonious example of the developing schism over AIDS  money
took place in Washington, D.C., last year.

The chief of the district's Agency for HIV/AIDS, a white lesbian, was fired
after an internal investigation concluded she had improperly attempted to  steer
money away from a clinic that has ties to the Nation of Islam, a black
religious sect.

The incident caused already simmering tensions regarding AIDS funding to  boil
over in that city.

Locally, activists such as DeVine will tell you there is no all-out "war"  over
money here.

But there soon could be unless something concrete comes from the emerging
dialogue and the new strategies recently created to address the problem.

Which agencies get what

   Most of the initiatives are being headed by the Suncoast AIDS Network, the
agency that coordinates health care and services for people with AIDS in a
multicounty area including Hillsborough and Pinellas.

A review board of SCAN officials ranks programs to decide which should get
federal and state money. The board decides, for example, how much money needs
to be set aside for pediatric AIDS cases or other specific populations.

Once organizations apply for federal dollars through SCAN, a review board  of
local officials and AIDS experts - none affiliated with SCAN - evaluates
applications and decides which will be financed.

Because of concerns expressed by DeVine and others, SCAN recently created a
Minority Affairs Committee, and this year tentatively has earmarked $ 163,000
for minority-run AIDS programs.

Black officials concerned about AIDS financing disparities say  discrimination
isn't the only cause for their financial difficulties. They  concede that other
organizations have an advantage simply because they've been  around a lot
longer.

It's hard for all private, non-profit organizations to get established. In
order to get grants, you already have to have something in the pot, Williams
said.

The National Commission on AIDS reported last year that racial and ethnic
factors play a big role in the nation's AIDS epidemic. Almost half of the
people in America with AIDS are black or Hispanic, the commission said.

As of March 1, there were 1,581 reported AIDS cases in Pinellas County.
Nineteen percent, or 304, were black, county health officials said. Blacks
account for 8 percent of the population in Pinellas.

Officials say part of the reason for the disproportionate numbers is that  AIDS
education still has trouble reaching some black neighborhoods.

"The black community is 13 years behind the white community when it comes  to
AIDS awareness," DeVine said.

But black AIDS activists bristle at suggestions that any resistance to
confronting the disease justifies the problems they have in getting money for
programs.

"The process is wrong and was designed to keep us out," DeVine said.

Different views, same problem

     When AIDS first came to public attention more than a decade ago, the gay
white men who were its primary victims rallied in the face of the crisis. Much
of the public awareness about the disease is due  to their efforts.

Whether it's institutional discrimination or fervent emotion, officials  agree
there is a problem.

"Discrimination was there before the AIDS epidemic," said Steven  Kindland,
spokesman for the state Department of Health and Rehabilitative  Services' AIDS
programs.

   While it may be intolerable, discrimination usually isn't fatal. Except  when
it comes to AIDS money.

"It means we have to try even harder here," says Chuck Kuehn, executive
director of the Tampa AIDS Network and president of SCAN's board of directors.
"Discrimination in this means people will die sooner."

Kuehn says SCAN has tried to prevent the infighting over money that has  torn
apart AIDS organizations in other cities.

The Tampa AIDS Network has had a black and a Hispanic resource worker on  staff
for some time now, and Kuehn estimates that 30 percent of the agency's  clients
are black. The organization recently opened an office in the heart of  Tampa, at
29th Street and 29th Avenue, partly to better serve those clients.

And while it would seem that black activists would applaud the network's
satellite office, many have mixed feelings about it.

They applaud the agency's commitment to providing AIDS services to  everyone,
but find it galling that worthy black organizations haven't been  able to do the
same thing because of money problems.

"(The AIDS network) is doing a lot of what we should be doing," says the  Rev.
Elliott Johnson, who ran an AIDS education program in Tampa's public  housing
complexes. His three-year $ 600,000 federal grant ran out last summer.

DeVine says the Tampa AIDS Network's presence in the heart of a black
neighborhood symbolizes the paternalistic "I know what's best for you"  attitude
many well-meaning white people have traditionally shown toward black  people.

"We aren't allowed to figure out what's best for us," he said.

Kuehn says criticism about the AIDS network's efforts in inner city Tampa  isn't
justified.

"We waited for many years for the African-American community to take
responsibility for AIDS in the African-American community. Then we couldn't
wait any longer," Kuehn said.

Black officials counter that it just makes sense that they should be the  ones
to design and carry out AIDS programs in black neighborhoods.

"Generally, people are more comfortable getting information from people  who
look most like them," Niles, of the Tampa Urban League, says.

Black heterosexuals who contract the disease through unprotected sex or
intravenous drug use may not be comfortable going to agencies they associate
with gay white men, DeVine said.

Clients, many of them drug users, quietly venture into Rainbow House, the
headquarters of People of Color AIDS Coalition, at all hours of the day for
advice and information. DeVine seeks them out in the dark corners and
alleyways.

"We can go where the white agencies cannot," he said. "It's time for us  to be
our own role models."

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, FRED VICTORIN; Carl DeVine worries about future
funding for the People of Color AIDS Coalition and other black AIDS groups.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              186 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 3, 1994, Sunday, City Edition

Racial rifts emerge as AIDS shifts

BYLINE: LISA FREDERICK

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1356 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Carl DeVine's words become slow and agonized when he talks about two of the
friends he lost to AIDS last year.

His friends, Gwen Jenkins and Anthony Hayward, founded the People of Color  AIDS
Coalition four years ago with the goal of educating black people about  the
disease and improving the services offered to minority AIDS patients.

Based in two drafty, old converted homes in St. Petersburg, the coalition  is an
organization DeVine is fighting hard to keep afloat after its founders'  deaths.

He is battling meager financing and the nagging feeling that the odds are
stacked against him.

"I'm tired of seeing my friends die. I'm tired of seeing my relatives  die,"
DeVine says, his voice suddenly gaining strength and speed. "I'm tired  of
knowing that so many more of us are going to die because of greed and
selfishness and insensitivity."

DeVine is not alone in his frustration. Several people who work with  agencies
that provide AIDS education and patient services in the black  community say
they aren't getting their fair share of AIDS funding.

"Black organizations are collectively concerned that, as in so many other
things, we are being shut out of the process," says Walter Niles, a health
specialist with the Tampa Urban League.

It's a scenario that has played out in other cities nationwide, often  bitterly
and always emotionally, as the tug of war for dollars has turned  allies
fighting a common battle into fierce rivals.

The rifts are the result of the changing demographics of the disease.

A decade ago, AIDS primarily affected gay and bisexual men, so most AIDS
organizations, and the money that supported them, were focused on those  groups.
Today, the rate of new HIV infections is highest among heterosexual,
intravenous drug users and sexual partners, many of whom are minorities.

Yet, critics say, most AIDS programs are still being administered with gay
white men in mind.

Perhaps the most acrimonious example of the developing schism over AIDS  money
took place in Washington, D.C., last year.

The chief of the district's Agency for HIV/AIDS, a white lesbian, was fired
after an internal investigation concluded she had improperly attempted to  steer
money away from a clinic that has ties to the Nation of Islam, a black
religious sect.

The incident caused already simmering tensions regarding AIDS funding to  boil
over in that city.

Locally, activists such as DeVine will tell you there is no all-out "war"  over
money here.

But there soon could be unless something concrete comes from the emerging
dialogue and the new strategies recently created to address the problem.

Which agencies get what

   Most of the initiatives are being headed by the Suncoast AIDS Network, the
agency that coordinates health care and services for people with AIDS in a
multicounty area including Hillsborough and Pinellas.

A review board of SCAN officials ranks programs to decide which should get
federal and state money. The board decides, for example, how much money needs
to be set aside for pediatric AIDS cases or other specific populations.

Once organizations apply for federal dollars through SCAN, a review board  of
local officials and AIDS experts - none affiliated with SCAN - evaluates
applications and decides which will be financed.

Because of concerns expressed by DeVine and others, SCAN recently created a
Minority Affairs Committee, and this year tentatively has earmarked $ 163,000
for minority-run AIDS programs.

Black officials concerned about AIDS financing disparities say  discrimination
isn't the only cause for their financial difficulties. They  concede that other
organizations have an advantage simply because they've been  around a lot
longer.

It's hard for all private, non-profit organizations to get established. In
order to get grants, you already have to have something in the pot, Williams
said.

The National Commission on AIDS reported last year that racial and ethnic
factors play a big role in the nation's AIDS epidemic. Almost half of the
people in America with AIDS are black or Hispanic, the commission said.

As of March 1, there were 1,581 reported AIDS cases in Pinellas County.
Nineteen percent, or 304, were black, county health officials said. Blacks
account for 8 percent of the population in Pinellas.

Officials say part of the reason for the disproportionate numbers is that  AIDS
education still has trouble reaching some black neighborhoods.

"The black community is 13 years behind the white community when it comes  to
AIDS awareness," DeVine said.

But black AIDS activists bristle at suggestions that any resistance to
confronting the disease justifies the problems they have in getting money for
programs.

"The process is wrong and was designed to keep us out," DeVine said.

Different views, same problem

     When AIDS first came to public attention more than a decade ago, the gay
white men who were its primary victims rallied in the face of the crisis. Much
of the public awareness about the disease is due  to their efforts.

Whether it's institutional discrimination or fervent emotion, officials  agree
there is a problem.

"Discrimination was there before the AIDS epidemic," said Steven  Kindland,
spokesman for the state Department of Health and Rehabilitative  Services' AIDS
programs.

   While it may be intolerable, discrimination usually isn't fatal. Except  when
it comes to AIDS money.

"It means we have to try even harder here," says Chuck Kuehn, executive
director of the Tampa AIDS Network and president of SCAN's board of directors.
"Discrimination in this means people will die sooner."

Kuehn says SCAN has tried to prevent the infighting over money that has  torn
apart AIDS organizations in other cities.

The Tampa AIDS Network has had a black and a Hispanic resource worker on  staff
for some time now, and Kuehn estimates that 30 percent of the agency's  clients
are black. The organization recently opened an office in the heart of  Tampa, at
29th Street and 29th Avenue, partly to better serve those clients.

And while it would seem that black activists would applaud the network's
satellite office, many have mixed feelings about it.

They applaud the agency's commitment to providing AIDS services to  everyone,
but find it galling that worthy black organizations haven't been  able to do the
same thing because of money problems.

"(The AIDS network) is doing a lot of what we should be doing," says the  Rev.
Elliott Johnson, who ran an AIDS education program in Tampa's public  housing
complexes. His three-year $ 600,000 federal grant ran out last summer.

DeVine says the Tampa AIDS Network's presence in the heart of a black
neighborhood symbolizes the paternalistic "I know what's best for you"  attitude
many well-meaning white people have traditionally shown toward black  people.

"We aren't allowed to figure out what's best for us," he said.

Kuehn says criticism about the AIDS network's efforts in inner city Tampa  isn't
justified.

"We waited for many years for the African-American community to take
responsibility for AIDS in the African-American community. Then we couldn't
wait any longer," Kuehn said.

Black officials counter that it just makes sense that they should be the  ones
to design and carry out AIDS programs in black neighborhoods.

"Generally, people are more comfortable getting information from people  who
look most like them," Niles, of the Tampa Urban League, says.

Black heterosexuals who contract the disease through unprotected sex or
intravenous drug use may not be comfortable going to agencies they associate
with gay white men, DeVine said.

Clients, many of them drug users, quietly venture into Rainbow House, the
headquarters of People of Color AIDS Coalition, at all hours of the day for
advice and information. DeVine seeks them out in the dark corners and
alleyways.

"We can go where the white agencies cannot," he said. "It's time for us  to be
our own role models."

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, FRED VICTORIN; Carl DeVine worries about future
funding for the People of Color AIDS Coalition and other black AIDS groups.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              187 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday

POLICE BEAT

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 483  words


North County

Business robbed

A man robbed a business in Linthicum yesterday morning, county police said.

Police were called to the Homestead Studio Suites in the 900 block of
International Drive at 11:38 a.m. for the report of a robbery. Staff there told
officers that a man with a black handgun came in and demanded money. Employees
handed over cash and the man ran off, police said.

Officers were not able to find the robber. He was described as black, 6 feet 2
to 6 feet 4 inches tall with a slender build. He was wearing a black zippered
hoodie, a gray undershirt and a ski mask and was carrying a tan and brown
shoulder bag and a handgun, police said.

Driver robbed

Two men robbed a pizza delivery driver last night on Chester Circle in Glen
Burnie, county police said.

Officers were called to the Mr. Wings and Pizza in the 7600 block of
Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard at 11:21 p.m. The victim, a 29-year-old pizza
delivery driver, told police he was making a delivery on Chester Circle when two
men robbed him at gunpoint. They took money from his pockets and the pizza he'd
been carrying, police said.

Then the men ran on Chester Circle toward Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard.
Officers were unable to find them.

The first was described as white, 5 feet 7 inches tall, 170 pounds, between 18
and 23 years old. He was wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, black jeans, a black
baseball hat and a dark bandana, police said.

The other robber was described as white, 5 feet 9 to 5 feet 10 inches tall, 170
pounds and also 18 to 23 years old. He was wearing a black jacket, dark blue
jeans, a black baseball hat and a dark bandana, police said.

Store robbed

An armed man robbed the Clauss Liquors in Glen Burnie Monday night, county
police said.

A clerk at the store in the 600 block of Crain Highway told police that a man
came in at 10:18 p.m., pulled out a handgun and demanded money, police said.

The clerk complied and the robber took off with some cash. Officers weren't able
to find him.

The robber was described as black, about 6 feet tall and 180 to 200 pounds. He
was wearing a green hooded sweatshirt, black jeans, gloves and a scarf over his
face, police said.

crownsville

Stolen car arrest

An Odenton man was arrested early Tuesday after police said they found him
driving a stolen car in Crownsville, county police said.

An officer patrolling Generals Highway near Sunrise Beach Road at 1:44 a.m.
spotted a silver Honda Civic speeding and tried to stop the car. The car
stopped, but both the driver and passenger got out and ran away, police said.

Officers found the driver shortly thereafter. Police discovered that the car was
stolen.

Anthony Francis Palmieri, 20, of the 500 block of Oakton Road in Odenton, was
charged with theft over $500, unlawful taking of a vehicle, unauthorized use of
a vehicle, speeding and fleeing, police said.

Investigation continues into the identity of the passenger, police said.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                MARCH 12, 1997 Wednesday ALAMEDA COUNTY EDITION

EBONICS FUNDING WOULD BE CUT UNDER PROPOSED LEGISLATION

BYLINE: SANDY KLEFFMAN, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 454 words


To prevent school districts from siphoning off bilingual funds for Ebonics
programs, a Democratic assemblywoman is pushing a bill to ban the practice and
require any district that did so to refund the money.

The measure, by Assemblywoman Diane Martinez, D-Alhambra, is the latest in a
string of attempts by state and federal politicians to sharply restrict the
source of money that districts can use for Ebonics or black-English programs.

Martinez said many of her East Los Angeles constituents are worried that money
earmarked to help Spanish, Chinese and Vietnamese-speaking children learn
English will be siphoned away to programs for black children, whose language
difficulties aren't nearly as severe.

"Parents are quite concerned that those resources are already severely limited,
and they're being pulled off to teach Ebonics," Martinez said. "The need for
bilingual education has not decreased -- it has increased."

The Oakland school board ignited a national furor over Ebonics in December when
it passed a resolution saying teachers need to understand black English language
patterns and use that knowledge to help students make the transition to standard
English. Oakland officials never said they would seek bilingual funds for such
programs, but some observers speculated that was their intent.

In a pre-emptive strike, Education Secretary Richard Riley announced a few days
later that the Clinton administration considers black English a "non-standard
form of English" -- not a foreign language -- and thus will not permit the use
of bilingual funding for such purposes.

But Martinez said she has been in bilingual classrooms where the lines are often
blurred and bilingual money has been spent on resources for black children. She
said she wants to clarify what is permitted.

Her measure, which was introduced late last month, would ban the use of state
bilingual funds for instruction in "any dialect, idiom or language derived from
English." Districts would be required to submit a written report detailing
whether they have spent state funds for such purposes in the past. If so, they
would be required to restore that money by Jan. 1, 1999.

Ebonics bills have come from both sides of the political spectrum. Sen. Ray
Haynes, a conservative Republican from Riverside, introduced a broader measure
that would prohibit the use of any state funds for Ebonics instruction. Haynes'
bill could eliminate the Standard English Proficiency program, now in use at
more than 300 schools throughout California. Martinez's bill would apply only to
bilingual funds -- not all state funds -- and thus should not affect Standard
English Proficiency programs as long as bilingual funds aren't used.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Cobb County Serial Armed Bank Robber Hits Johns Creek Bank

LENGTH: 695  words


Acting Special Agent in Charge (A/SAC) George Crouch, FBI Atlanta, along with
Cobb County Police Chief John R. Houser and Johns Creek Police Chief Ed
Densmore, announced the following update in several armed bank robberies at Cobb
County, Georgia and now in Johns Creek, Georgia.

The FBI is offering a reward of up to $2,500 leading to the identification,
arrest, and conviction of the individual responsible for at least six armed bank
robberies in Cobb County, Georgia and Johns Creek, Georgia beginning in early
February of this year.

On February 4, 2016, a lone white male entered the Fifth Third Bank located at
4209 Roswell Road in Marietta, Georgia, 30062. The individual approached a
teller station while displaying a black semi-automatic handgun to the victim
teller. The robber demanded money as he put a briefcase on top of the counter.
The teller complied with the robbers demands and put the money inside of the
briefcase. The robber stated that he owed some money to someone in Nashville. He
stated he was sorry and fled the bank. The robber departed the bank without
further incident. He is described as being a white male in his late 40s or early
50s and wearing brown leather gloves, a baseball hat, a jacket, and blue jeans.

This same individual was observed at the above victim bank the day before the
above robbery. He was described as a white male wearing brown leather gloves, a
long bubble trench coat, a baseball cap, and holding a black canvass briefcase.

On April 1, 2016, at approximately 11:52 a.m., a lone white male walked into the
Regions Bank located at 2486 Roswell Road, Marietta, Georgia, 30062, where he
approached a teller station and displayed a black semi-automatic handgun while
announcing to the teller a robbery. The robber opened a black messenger bag and
the teller complied with his demands by placing the money into the bag. The
robber was described as being a white male, approximately 60-62 tall, and
approximately 30-40 years of age. He was wearing a Nike ball cap, a collared
shirt, black jacket, and blue jeans.

On May 25, 2016, at approximately 2:08 p.m., a lone white male entered the BB&T
bank branch located at 4370 Roswell Road in Marietta, Georgia and announced a
robbery to the victim teller while displaying a handgun. The robber obtained an
undisclosed amount of money and departed the bank without further incident. The
robber was described as being a white male, approximately 60 tall, 40-50 years
of age, with a beard. He wore a short sleeved collared shirt, black sunglasses,
and a white baseball cap.

On July 13, 2016, at approximately 11:33 a.m., a lone white male entered the PNC
bank located at 1111 Johnson Ferry Road in Marietta, Georgia and, after waiting
in the customer line and then cutting in front of another waiting customer,
approached the victim teller and announced a robbery. The robber, displaying a
black handgun, obtained an undisclosed amount of money and departed the bank
without further incident.

On August 22, 2016, at approximately 12:47 p.m., a lone white male entered the
Fidelity Bank located at 2401 windy Ridge Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia and
announced a robbery to the victim teller. The robber pulled a black handgun from
his briefcase and pointed that weapon directly at the victim teller. After
obtaining an undisclosed amount of money, the robber departed the bank without
further incident. The robber was wearing a collared golf shirt, khaki pants, tan
ball cap, and dark sunglasses.

On September 8, 2016, at approximately 2:45 p.m., a lone white male entered the
Renasant Bank located at 11655 Medlock Bridge Road in Johns Creek, Georgia, and
announced a robbery to the victim teller. The robber pulled a black handgun from
a dark colored briefcase and pointed his weapon directly at the victim teller.
After obtaining an undisclosed amount of money, the robber departed the bank
without incident. In several incidents, the robber is seen pointing his handgun
directly at the victim teller.

This individual is considered armed and dangerous and anyone with information
regarding this matter should contact Crime Stoppers Atlanta at tel. (404)
577-8477. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 23, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

THE NATION;
'Buying Black' Approach Paying Off in Los Angeles

BYLINE: By CALVIN SIMS

SECTION: Section 4; Page 5; Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1008 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


FRUSTRATED by stalled government and corporate efforts to revitalize poor areas
of Los Angeles ravaged in last year's rioting, the city's black community has
undertaken its own approach to economic development: it is investing in itself.

In the year since civil unrest laid waste to huge tracts of commercial property
in South-Central Los Angeles, black community leaders have launched numerous
programs to persuade blacks to spend their money in black-owned businesses. The
theory is that this helps create jobs and increase tax dollars to improve
schools and public works within black neighborhoods.

While the strategy of "buying black" has been promoted in New York City and
other urban centers for decades, with little results, recent efforts here are
showing great promise.

"We have become more sophisticated in our thinking, and many of us are realizing
that if we spend money in our own shops then that strengthens us as a people,"
said Gene Hale, head of the Los Angeles African American Chamber of Commerce.

Over the past year, black churches, celebrities and consumers, including many
from the more affluent neighborhoods of Baldwin Hills and Inglewood, have
transferred millions of dollars from large traditional banks to small black
-owned ones that serve the South-Central area. Those banks say that as a result
they have hired more employees to handle the growing number of new accounts and
that the increased cash reserves will allow them to make more loans locally.

Throughout the city, businesses are posting signs in their windows that indicate
they are owned by blacks, and many black consumers said in recent interviews
that they seek these out. Local groups are publishing directories of black
businesses for consumers and merchants and running networking seminars for
professionals.

Economic development experts, including Bernard W. Kinsey, co-chairman and chief
operating officer of Rebuild L.A., the public-private consortium established in
the wake of the riots to help revive the economy of the city's poor areas, agree
with this investment strategy and cite the success of ethnic groups like Koreans
who patronize Korean establishments almost exclusively.

Fueled by Frustration



 The black community stands to gain greatly if these latest efforts flourish.
Nationally blacks earn about $277.55 billion a year, or 7.65 percent of the
total money income in the country, according to Brimmer & Company, a consulting
firm.

The renewed commitment by blacks to patronize the black enterprises here and
elsewhere in the country has been fueled by frustration with the persistent
economic decline of impoverished neighborhoods despite a variety of Federal and
corporate initiatives. Moreover, many blacks interviewed said they continue to
be outraged by the acquittal last year of four white police officers in the
beating of Rodney King, and feel that supporting black businesses is a show of
solidarity.

"I don't buy products where I don't see black people associated with them," Mr.
Kinsey said. "To the extent that we spend our money outside of our community, we
make someone else more productive than us. Ask yourself: Who is my lawyer? Who
is my doctor? Where do I eat? Who does my tax returns? All of these services can
be supplied by African-Americans."

Mr. Kinsey cites the proliferation of inner-city nail parlors. "There's a nail
shop in every strip mall in South Central, and the shops are owned almost
exclusively by people from Asia who take those dollars out of the community when
they leave each day," he said. "Why can't at least some of those shops be
operated by people who resemble the clientele?"

Rebuild L.A., which has encountered criticism over its slow pace, had yet
another setback when Peter V. Ueberroth, the program's head, resigned Friday.
Mr. Ueberroth announced he was stepping down as one of five co-leaders because
he had become the focus of complaints, which was hampering the group's progress.

For decades, many black consumers refused to shop at black businesses, believing
they would receive products and services inferior to those in white areas. In
many cases certain merchandise and services simply were unavailable, forcing
consumers to go elsewhere.

"Black people have been duped into believing that the bigger the institution,
the more secure your funds will be," said the Rev. Edgar Boyd, pastor of the
Bethel A.M.E. Church in San Francisco. "This reasoning comes from slavery
tradition in which black folks were taught that white folks' sugar was sweeter
and that their ice was colder, but we all know that's nonsense."

Transferring Assets



 Mr. Boyd, who served as pastor of Bethel A.M.E. in Los Angeles, helped organize
the effort to persuade black churches to transfer their accounts to black banks,
after seeing a Bank of America study that showed blacks in Los Angeles County
controlled about $9.5 billion in liquid assets but deposited only 3.5 percent of
that in black banks. Within the first 45 days of arranging the effort, more than
$8.5 million flowed into black blacks, a trend that Mr. Boyd said is continuing.

Another group active in encouraging blacks to patronize black businesses is
Recycling Black Dollars Inc., which provides establishments with banners that
indicate they are black owned. Muhammad Nassardeen, the group's president, said
that the banners were first used during the riots to discourage looters, but
that now the signs have become a source of pride in the community.

The group plans to mail black consumers 50,000 consumer discount cards by the
end of the year for use at black businesses. Card users will receive discounts
at the enterprises participating in the program. "For the average, everyday
person on the street who wants to do something to build up their community," Mr.
Nassardeen said, "there's nothing easier than shopping at a black business. But
we have to first divorce ourselves of the negative programming that has taught
us that we have to go to affluent areas to get quality."

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A sign used by stores in Los Angeles to show that they are black
-owned. (Jan Sonnenmair for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              191 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 5, 1991, Friday, City Edition

FAMU money causes clash

BYLINE: CHARLOTTE SUTTON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 557 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



The House's well-orchestrated plan to approve quickly its $ 28-billion budget
crashed to a temporary halt Thursday as black legislators used the debate to
denounce the chancellor of the state university system as an uppity bureaucrat.

     Legislators called Chancellor Charles Reed disrespectful and accused him of
having a "plantation mentality" for his refusal to approve moving money from the
University of Florida (UF) budget into the spending plan of historically black
Florida A University (FAMU).

    Rep. Douglas "Tim" Jamerson, D-St. Petersburg, even drew up a measure that
would have whacked Reed's salary out of the budget, effectively firing him.

    Instead, House leadership assured members of the black caucus that they
would have a chat with Reed about his attitude.

    Reed, who on most days is one of Florida's most respected state officials,
said he didn't mean to be rude. He just doesn't like the idea of having all the
universities carefully plan their budget priorities and then having legislators
pitting the schools against each other.

    "We can't be a family and start pirating each other," he said, adding that
FAMU's president has set other priorities ahead of grape-growing and
fish-farming, the programs that would benefit from the budget request.

    The whole flap started when caucus members spoke with House Speaker T.K.
Wetherell about their desire to get more money for FAMU.

    In most years, legislators have fairly free rein to bestow money upon their
favorite projects. But because money is so tight this year, the House has been
following a policy of making sure government agencies have set their priorities
before deciding which programs are financed.

    So Wetherell told the legislators to call Reed and ask whether FAMU
considered the agriculture program a high priority.

    Rep. Willie Logan, D-Opa-locka, the chairman of the black caucus phoned Reed
to request that he take money from UF's agricultural program and give it to
FAMU. Logan said Thursday that he asked for $ 480,000 of UF's $ 107-million, but
an amendment that legislators would have had to approve to achieve the transfer
states that $ 1.4-million out of a $ 94-million budget was being requested.

    At any rate, Logan said Reed angrily told him he wouldn't move a single
dollar from one university to another. Reed later said that he probably was "a
little short" with Logan, because he already had spoken with 10 legislators
about the matter.

    Logan told his colleagues that what really riled him was the idea of a
lawmaker having to ask a bureaucrat for his blessing.

    Rep. Luis Morse, R-Miami, a member of the Cuban caucus, said the issue is of
particular concern to minority legislators who have felt that without their
intervention, minorities tend to be slighted in the budget process.

    House Appropriations Chairman Ron Saunders, D-Key West, said legislators all
have been feeling a little testy over the tight budget.  Few like having to rely
on agency heads to set priorities, he said.

    "We're at that stage in the session where everybody's skin is pretty thin,"
Wetherell said, adding that he didn't see any reason he couldn't slip the money
from the UF column over to the FAMU side.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (4); University Chancellor Charles Reed Rep. Tim
Jamerson Rep. Willie Logan; Rep. Luis Morse

                            Times Publishing Company


                              192 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              July 9, 2004 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LETTERS

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 900 words


Put Money Behind Words

I read your letters by your readers on Bill Cosby (June 17, July 3), with a
cynical eye on his criticism of poor black people and the black community. (I
also agree with Cosby's assessments but hate the venue in which he spoke them.)

I find Cosby to be a hypocrite because he bashes young black people for wearing
their clothes down to their legs, but he also makes money off them through his
FUBU wear Fat Albert collection, charging upward of $500 for a leather jacket --
raking in millions annually. Now, I am not one to deny an American, especially
one of Cosby's stature, the right to make a profit.

Jerry Falwell founded Liberty University to give religious conservatives an
education; however, Cosby -- worth nearly a billion dollars -- complains about
the morality of African-Americans but will not put his money where his rhetoric
is. Giving money to Spelman College is not the same as starting a charter school
in poor black areas around the country where good schools are needed the most.

If he is going to be a bell-

ringer (his statement), then why won't he say that any profit made off his
collection will go to funding these schools to change the anti-intellectual
culture that plagues the black community? Because Cosby, like most
African-Americans since Martin Luther King Jr. died, is good at pointing at the
problems but short on taking the action needed to solve them.

ERIC DANIELS

Tampa

Rights Of Majority

Regarding "Man Talked Down From Skyway" (Metro, July 7):

I am astounded at the lack of common sense used by the police and our society in
these situations. The so-called rights of one clearly unstable man who was
threatening to kill himself were allowed to trump the rights of thousands of
law-abiding citizens like me who were stuck on the bridge for four hours Tuesday
night with absolutely no information about what was going on -- appallingly bad
judgment and lack of sense from those handling the situation.

In these situations where public safety is not threatened in any way, the police
should deal with things in a manner that is best for the public at large, which
means removing the jumper as quickly as possible -- regardless of what is best
for the person who willingly chose to put himself in harm's way.

When rights of the minority overrule rights of the majority, our society is in
serious trouble.

TOM SPETNAGEL

Bradenton

We're A Republic

Regarding "A Weekend To Reflect On Freedom And Sacrifice" (Our Opinion, July 3):

You state in the second paragraph "our democracy," which is incorrect. As
Benjamin Franklin was leaving the Constitutional Convention in 1787, a lady in
the crowd yelled out, "Mr. Franklin, what kind of government have you given us?"
He exclaimed, "A Republic, madam, if you can hold on to it!"

These United States are a constitutional republic of republics, not a democracy!

GREG TISDALE

Tampa

Lives Ruined By Smoke

After you have published the rantings and ravings of the smokers' rights people,
including your columnist Joseph Brown (Commentary, July 4), against the
antismoking law in public places, something should be said for us nonsmokers.

For years we have had to endure inhaling other people's smoke in every
conceivable place. Now I have been diagnosed with heart and lung problems that
specialists have determined were caused by secondhand smoke.

As a member of the Disabled American Veterans, I would suggest that smokers take
a little trip to the VA hospitals in the area and observe firsthand how many
lives have been affected or ruined by smokers; these people have had to endure
cigarette smoke without a choice.

Ruining one's own health by choice is one thing, but ruining someone else's
health who has no choice is another.

THOMAS J. CORCORAN

St. Petersburg

One Dedicated Barber

What a great story and tribute to "Terry the Barber" (Metro, July 6)! We moved
from Georgia to Town 'N Country in 1970. I began taking my son and daughter,
ages 9 and 7 at the time, to Terry, and that "tradition" continued all the way
through their high school graduations from Leto High School. My husband has
always had his hair cut there too.

Terry's is a household name, and if you said you were going there, everyone knew
exactly where you meant. Terry, you're a legend in Town 'N Country, and we would
like to say thanks for all of the wonderful years of your friendship and
dedication to your profession. Job well done!

JANE W. SNYDER

Tampa

"I Apologize'

I want to apologize to my fellow Americans.

I voted for George W. Bush in 2000. I'm a Republican, but even I can admit that
was the biggest mistake I've made in my life. I voted for Bush because he
claimed that he was a uniter, not a divider. I now understand how right he was.

Bush has united all Arabs against us. He has united our allies as well, only
against us. I remember the good old days when France and Germany were our
allies. Oops, not anymore. Bush has united the world against us and made the
rest of the world hate us. The only dividing Bush has caused is within the
country over which he presides. Republicans and Democrats are fighting worse now
than ever before, and it's all because of W. and his crackpot policies.

Once again, I want to apologize to my fellow Americans for voting for Bush in
2000. Trust me -- I won't make the same mistake twice.

KENNETH AUBREY

Wesley Chapel

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              193 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 15, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Getting a piece of pension pie;
Minority firms go for more

BYLINE: Rhonda Richards

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 647 words


When Marilyn Cohen left a 12-year Wall Street career in 1987, she was banking on
getting rich in the lucrative public pension arena.

But soon after opening Capital Insights in Beverly Hills, Calif., Cohen
discovered that while there was money to be made, financial-services firms owned
by women and minorities were making little of it.

The ''old white-boy network'' controlled the $ 3 trillion public pension pie,
she says. ''The pie is huge, but we have to make a representation for females
and minorities.''

That's beginning to happen. More female and minority politicians across the
country are insisting that their states hire minority- and female-owned money
-management firms to handle a portion of the public pension funds. They want the
firms to reflect the growing number of women and minorities in the government.

But a new survey conducted by Pension & Investments shows that of 70 state
employee and teacher pension funds across the USA, fewer than half employ
minority- or female-owned firms.

About 67 money-management or broker-dealer firms are owned by women or
minorities. Money-management firms make investment decisions, and broker- dealer
firms specialize in seeking the highest returns. Combined, female and minority
firms handle about $ 10 billion - less than 1% of all public pensions.

Two black-owned firms dominate the business.  Ariel Capital Management of
Chicago and WR Lazard & Co. of New York handle $ 3.2 billion - or 30% of all
pension fund money managed by minorities. A typical minority firm handles less
than $ 100 million.

It's not just politics pushing minorities into the pension business. It's money.

A large white-owned firm with $ 30 billion in pension assets under management
can rake in as much as $ 20 million to $ 50 million a year in fees, says
Valerian Butler-Smith II of the pension fund-consulting firm Washington Hackett,
Smith & Co. in New Orleans. A small firm with $ 4 million under management -
where many female- and minority-owned firms fall - would bring $ 30,000 to $
50,000 a year in fees, he says.

Cohen's firm, Capital Insights, had 1989 revenue of $ 7.5 million. Capital
Insights is No. 18 on the L.A. Business Journal's list of Los Angeles County's
largest female-owned companies.

Several politicians, -including Atlanta Mayor Maynard Jackson and California
State Assemblywoman Maxine Waters, -are pressuring white-owned firms to hire
more female and minority managers.

Among the most outspoken is Connecticut State Treasurer Francisco L. Borges, 38,
one of two black state treasurers and the sole trustee of the state's $ 8.5
billion employee pension fund. Under Borges, one black firm manages $ 50 million
of Connecticut's pension assets. Female- and minority- owned firms earned $ 1.7
million, or 41%, of the $ 4 million in commissions generated from the state's $
3.5 billion stock portfolio. Borges wants to hire more: ''The owners are bright,
sharp. They're hungry. They want an opportunity to prove they're as good as
anybody out there.''

Still, there's a long way to go. Most states lack policies encouraging the use
of minority firms. Many officials say qualified firms are hard to find. Cohen
and others told Congressional Black Caucus members in Washington, D.C., this
fall that many barriers remain.

Some states require money-management firms to have a five-year track record and
as much as $ 1 billion under management, says Maceo Sloan, chairman of the
National Investment Managers Association, a group of minority-owned firms.

Still, more women and minorities are working at big institutions and are
expected to open their own firms in the future. ''We've been locked out so long,
all we're asking for is a chance to compete,'' says Cohen. ''The color of money
isn't black or yellow. -It's green. Everyone should have a shot at managing or
brokering the vast pools of pension funds.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color; PHOTO; color; PHOTO; color, Robert Hanoshiro, USA
TODAY

CUTLINE: FRANCISCO L. BORGES: Trustee of Connecticut's $ 8.5 billion pension
fund. CUTLINE: BORGES: 'The owners are bright, sharp. They're hungry.' CUTLINE:
CAPITAL INSIGHTS' CREW: From left, Mona Williams, Lily Talcata, Lisa Nevolo,
founder Cohen, Donna Gallegos and Lita Alcala. 'All we're asking for is a chance
to compete,' Cohen says.

TYPE: Small Business

Accompanying story; Promoting managers

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              194 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 30, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

I.B.M. AGREES TO DEDUCTIONS FOR THE BLACK UNITED FUND

BYLINE: By SHEILA RULE

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 747 words


I.B.M. has agreed to make payroll deductions for its employees who wish to
contribute to the New York Black United Fund. The agreement is viewed by some
philanthropic organizations as a major breakthrough for minority-group
charities.

An official of the fund, which is a not-for-profit charity established in 1979
and one of 12 Black United Funds in the nation, said that the International
Business Machines Corporation was the first major one in the metropolitan area
to allow the fund to gain contributions through payroll deductions.

I.B.M. joins only a ''handful'' of large companies throughout the country that
have voluntarily allowed such organizations to enter their workplace charity
drives, according to a spokesman for the National Committee for Responsive
Philanthropy.

''No company with the recognition of I.B.M. has done it,'' said Timothy Saasta,
spokesman for the Washington-based committee, which is a coalition of charities
that have traditionally received little money from philanthropic efforts.

I.B.M. Explains Decision

Kermit Eady, executive director of the New York fund, said that his organization
had been negotiating with I.B.M. since January and reached agreement on Tuesday.
A spokesman for I.B.M. said that the company's decision was in response to ''a
number of individual requests'' by employees who were interested in having the
fund participate in the company's charitable contributions campaign.

''Throughout the company where we have facilities, employee interest is a
mechanism through which various organizations, if they meet our criteria, can
qualify to be included,'' said the spokesman, adding that one of the criteria
was that a group would have to be designated a charitable organization by the
Internal Revenue Service. He said that the agreement applied to the metropolitan
area, including Westchester County and some facilities in New Jersey and
Connecticut. The corporation employs about 25,000 individuals in the area.

Mr. Eady said his organization, which hopes to alleviate problems in the black
community through a self-help approach, had not yet financed any groups or
agencies, but hoped to do so by the fall of 1982.

''We have been struggling trying to raise money just to keep ourselves alive,
and this is our first major breakthrough,'' Mr. Eady said yesterday in an
interview. He was unsure of how much might be raised through I.B.M.

''We have been trying to get into the public and private sector because this is
the most effective way to raise money in the world,'' he continued. ''The black
community is in desperate need of its own philanthropic organizations, so it can
seriously talk about self-help and self-sufficiency. The most effective way to
do that in terms of harnessing dollars is through payroll deductions.''

New York City Also Approached

Until now, the fund has been able to solicit contributions primarily from
smaller, black businesses, including Freedom National Bank. It has asked to
enter charitable contributions programs at Bell Laboratories, the New York
Telephone Company and the City of New York. About a month ago, the Federal
Government for the first time allowed the New York Black United Fund, the
National Black United Fund and three other minority-group charities to solicit
Federal employees.

The question of which charities have access to employee contributions has become
highly controversial in recent years as newer and less traditional charities
have attempted to gain entry to public and private workplace drives. The newer
charities were often formed as alternatives to more established groups that were
viewed by some women's and minority groups, advocates for the disadvantaged and
others as failing to meet their needs.

Contributions through payroll deductions are considered an effective way of
raising money because large numbers of individuals can be reached at one time,
employees can have small sums deducted over a period of time, and there is much
encouragement to give. Mr.  Saasta said that the average gift through payroll
deductions was estimated to be three times larger than a gift made directly from
the wallet. He said that about $1.5 billion was raised last year through
charitable contribution drives in public and private workplaces.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              195 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             March 31, 2006 Friday

Black not always on the money

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 554 words


YOUTHFUL MONEY REPORTER Rob Black has ensconced himself in KRON's weekday
lineup: "Rob Black & Your Money" airs weekdays from 10-10:30 a.m. on Channel 4,
which at least provides a respite from KRON's otherwise nonstop infommercials.
But I'm not overly comfortable with Rob Black and my money.

Black previously did a call-in finance show (from his home, I'm told) on Santa
Rosa's KSRO Radio. (He's now moved from 1350 to 1550 AM, the worst dial
position). I used to occasionally catch the North Bay show as I channel-surfed.
I always got the same feeling then that I get when I see him on KRON now -- that
Black's vamping as he keeps an eye on his stock screen.

I've seen Black praise the latest dubious Disney ventures on KRON. This is the
same company that, as one Disney watcher so memorably put it, "monetized
childhood."

On TV also, Black often looks as if he's making it up as he goes along. I wonder
how much he actually knows about all the companies he's asked about by callers.
(I read the Wall Street Journal, too). Add Black's youth and obvious zeal for
self-promotion to KRON's desire to cut costs, and it equals a cheap-to-produce
show. And it looks cheap -- KRON couldn't even get a screen shot of Google's
stock movement one day recently.

"He'd be lost without his Bloomberg screen," scoffs veteran business reporter
Brad Zigler about Black. Zigler's been following Black's "meteoric" broadcast
career. Black recently managed to insert himself at KRON's 5 p.m. weekday news
anchor desk. Speaking of money, I doubt he's making Pete Wilson/Dennis Richmond
bucks.

Zigler, who does things like creating local stock indexes (he's a regular
contributor to something called The Journal of Indexes), lives up in Santa Rosa
and created a North Coast Stock Index for Sonoma County. Zigler's now on NPR,
and once did a local stock-index segment on Black's KSRO show.

Zigler chuckles when he recalls the time when he (Zigler) mentioned Santa Rosa's
long-established Exchange Bank. "Rob was incredulous when I told him the bank
traded for more than $100 per share over the counter," recalls Zigler. " 'Not
possible,' I heard him say as he typed madly on his Bloomberg to get info on
EXSR. But there it was. ..." (Exchange Bank now trades at around $150 per
share.)

At least wild man Jim Cramer, of CNBC "Mad Money" fame, has years of Wall Street
experience. I suspect Zigler isn't the only financial pro in the Bay Area who's
sometimes skeptical about Black's investment advice. Call-in financial shows
have long had the reputation of being more about self-promotion of the host (
Black has his own investment company) than anything else.

I'd like to hear from any investment pros out there and get their thoughts on
Black's broadcast ventures.

BUY MY VOTE . . . PLEASE: A plea to Demo gubernatorial hopefuls Steve Westly and
Phil Angelides: Please pull your ubiquitous, annoying "image" ads off TV. Every
time I see you posing with school kids I think of George Bush reading "My Pet
Goat." Whichever one of you pulls these ads first -- or tries something
different or humorous for a change -- gets my primary vote. We're all suffering
from TV-campaign-ad fatigue in this state. Voters needed more "chill time"
before these things started up again. Enough, already!

Bill Mann's column runs every other week. Reach him at Newsmann@sonic.net

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              196 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 7, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

Feds bust money-laundering ring

BYLINE: MARCUS K. GARNER; Staff

SECTION: GWINNETT NEWS; Pg. 3J

LENGTH: 293 words


Cash pickups of nearly $2 million from a Gwinnett County parking lot helped
federal agents crack a drug money laundering ring, officials said.

A four-year operation to shut down so-called "black market peso exchange"
laundering drug money from Mexico and Colombia netted two dozen arrests, federal
officials said.

Overall, approximately $9 million, two kilograms of heroin and 26 kilograms of
cocaine was seized, and a federal grand jury in Atlanta returned six indictments
in the investigation, charging 32 with money laundering and drug violations.

Code-named "Operation Rainmaker," the sting operation used Immigration and
Customs Enforcement agents, posing as money launderers, to make cash pickups to
identify drug traffickers.

"To attack the distribution of illegal drugs, we go after not only the drugs,
but also the dirty money that the sale of this poison generates," said U.S.
Attorney David Nahmias of "Operation Rainmaker."

"The large numbers of arrests and convictions demonstrates its success."

During the operation, ICE agents made 33 pickups of drug money in metro Atlanta,
New York City, Boston, Philadelphia, Miami, Puerto Rico and Mexico.

In 2005, two of those pickups were in a Gwinnett grocery store parking lot. In a
February pickup, ICE collected $948,526 in drug proceeds to be laundered. An
April pickup in the same parking lot returned $999,970 in drug proceeds to be
laundered.

The drug money from the two Gwinnett pickups was laundered through the black
market peso exchange, which resulted in six indictments. On April 28, 2006,
following up on information developed from these metro Atlanta pickups, agents
seized approximately $803,000 and ledgers detailing the receipt, distribution
and collection of payments for multitons of cocaine.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              197 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 11, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Rollins Recants on Suppressing Black Turnout;
Democrats Outraged

Thomas B. Edsall, Malcolm Gladwell, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 848 words


New Jersey Gov.-elect Christine Todd Whitman (R) said yesterday her campaign
manager, Edward J. Rollins, was "off the wall" when he boasted that the campaign
paid to suppress black voter turnout, but Democrats from President Clinton on
down denounced the controversial tactics.

At a news conference in Trenton, Whitman released a letter from Rollins in which
he renounced his claims Tuesday morning that as much as $ 500,000 was channeled
to African American ministers and precinct workers in a calculated effort to
keep the black vote to a minimum. "It did not happen," she declared at a news
conference, and said Rollins's comments were "degrading to the voters of New
Jersey, degrading to the African American community, to African American
churches and frankly, to me."

Rollins wrote that his remarks at a breakfast meeting with reporters "crossed
the line from an honest discussion of my views to an exaggeration that turned
out to be inaccurate. I went too far. My remarks left the impression of
something that was not true and did not occur. I know that the Whitman campaign,
which I managed, itself in no way sponsored, funded or sanctioned improper voter
turnout activities."

Rollins's statement is in direct contrast to his comments Tuesday morning. At
the time, he said the Whitman campaign financed a drive to suppress black voter
turnout by offering donations to black ministers who had endorsed Democratic
Gov. Jim Florio. In return, they were asked not to tell parishioners that "it's
your moral obligation to vote on Tuesday, to vote for Jim Florio." Dissident
Democratic precinct workers were asked, Rollins said: "How much have they [the
Florio campaign] paid you? . . . We'll match it. Go home, sit and watch
television."

Rollins has refused to say who might have received the money. New Jersey law
requires disclosure of the names of workers who receive $ 25 or more for
Election Day services, but Whitman's reports have not yet been filed. New Jersey
law also allows campaigns to use privately donated money to fund charities that
fit the Internal Revenue Service definition, said Frederick M. Herrmann,
executive director of the state Election Law Enforcement Commission. All gifts
to charities would also have to be identified in the financial disclosure
reports.

The New Jersey Democratic Committee, the NAACP Legal Defense Fund and Reps.
Maxine Waters (D-Calif.) and Robert G. Torricelli (D-N.J.) announced plans to
either formally complain to the Justice Department or request that the Justice
Department initiate a formal investigation.

At an afternoon news conference, Clinton declared: "If it is true, then it was
terribly wrong for anyone to give money to anybody else not to vote or to
depress voter turnout. . . . It was terribly wrong for anyone to accept that
money to render that non-service to this country."

Rep. John Lewis (D-Ga.), a civil rights figure in the 1960s who played a crucial
part in the fight for the Voting Rights Act of 1965, said, "Many people, myself
included, spilled blood to see this right guaranteed. . . . The whole thing to
me is despicable." Waters said "we didn't fight and beat Klan intimidation of
black voters in the South only to tolerate GOP suppression in New Jersey."

Rollins's comments about "walking around" or "street" money referred to the
longstanding practice of paying campaign workers a small stipend on Election Day
to drive voters to the polls, knock on doors, and compensate them for missing
work by taking a day off.

But the use of "street money," particularly in low-income neighborhoods, also
has a seamier side. "Look. There are two models," said Peter Shapiro, former
Essex County executive who ran unsuccessfully for governor of New Jersey in
1985:

"One model is your committed party worker who needs to be compensated in order
to take a day off. The work they do is valuable. The other model is the
individual entrepreneur who lacks any specific ideology and who basically says,
what the hell. I'll take $ 250 from the Dems and maybe $ 250 from the
Republicans too. . . . The campaigns have money and there are people out there
who realize they have money. It's a two-way street."

One longtime Democratic organizer in Newark, Eulis Ward, said that he and others
had long suspected that "certain individuals would take money to try and do
tricks to hold down the black vote." Until now, however, no political organizer
was foolish enough to admit it. "It's the damndest thing," he said. "No one's
ever admitted it before."

Whitman defeated Florio by just under 40,000 votes out of 2.4 million cast. In
1981, Democrats went to federal court to protest a program financed by the
Republican National Committee placing at minority area voting sites
intimidating-looking poll workers with armbands and signs warning that
incorrectly registered voters would be prosecuted. The GOP agreed to refrain
from any "ballot security activities . . . where the racial composition of such
districts [precincts] is a factor." In 1981, Republican Thomas H. Kean defeated
Florio by 1,797 votes.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, NEW JERSEY GOV.-ELECT CHRISTINE TODD WHITMAN IS JOINED AT
TRENTON NEWS CONFERENCE BY BLACK CLERGYMEN AND LEADERS WHO DEFENDED HER
CAMPAIGN. AP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              198 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 17, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Intruder Kills a Jersey Man, Beats Daughters, Rapes Wife

BYLINE: By JOHN T. McQUISTON

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 528 words


A masked gunman, dressed in black and demanding money and gold coins, invaded
the home of a family in Montville, N.J., Tuesday night, killed the father, raped
the mother and blind-folded and beat their two young daughters, officials said.

The four hours of terror began at 7 P.M. when Roy A. Edwards, an employee of the
Wilfred Beauty Academy in Newark, was returning home with his two daughters,
Ilene, 9 years old, and Diedra, 7, the police said.

Wore Surgical Gloves

As Mr. Edwards opened the front door, a tall slim man wearing a black jumpsuit,
black mask, surgical gloves and black combat boots came up behind him and the
children and forced them into the house at gunpoint, saidLieut. Edward Adams of
the Montville Police Department.

The gunman forced them into the basement of the two-story, split-level house
where he handcuffed, gagged and blindfolded them and demanded that they tell him
''where the money was hidden,'' Lieutenant Adams said.

When he was told there was no money in the house, the masked man led them
upstairs to the master bedroom where he beat them after again asking for money
and coins.

At 8:20 P.M., Irene Edwards, 43, a nurse in a physician's office in Paterson,
N.J., returned home, found the door jammed and rang the bell.

The gunman opened the door, struck her on the head and pulled her upstairs and
into the master bedroom where she saw her husband and terrified daughters.

Wife Is Beaten and Raped

The man then handcuffed, blind-folded and gagged Mrs. Edwards, and led her to a
separate bedroom where he demanded money and beat her.

She told him the only money in the house was $700 dollars in her purse, which
the gunman took before raping her, Lieutenant Adams said.

Meanwhile, Mr. Edwards somehow managed to free himself, bolted from the bedroom
and ran downstairs.

The gunman caught up with him in the family room, where both men struggled. Mr.
Edwards again broke free and jumped through a glass patio door leading to the
backyard, the authorities said. The gunman followed and fired one shot from a
small-caliber pistol, wounding Mr. Edwards fatally in the neck.

Gunman Flees

The gunman then fled the scene, taking the gun and Mrs. Edward's $700 with him,
the police said.

Mrs. Edwards and the two girls, who had barricaded themselves in the children's
room, opened a window and screamed for help. Around 11 P.M., a neighbor who was
out walking his dog heard the screams and called the police, who arrived at the
Edwards's home at 11:10 P.M.

Patrolman Roger Atkinson searched the house, found Mrs. Edwards and her
daughters in the children's bedroom and Mr. Edwards lying dead in the backyard.

The Edwards house is on a three-quarter-acre lot at 3 Willard Lane in Montville
Township, an upper-middle-class community of 16,000 residents in Morris County,
35 miles west of Manhattan.

The police said the gunman may have demanded coins in the belief that Mr.
Edwards collected rare coins or gold coins. They said there were no coins in the
house.

Ilene was hospitalized at Morristown Memorial Hospital, officials said. Mrs.
Edwards and Deidra were treated at the hospital and released.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              199 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           November 21, 2013 Thursday

Not going

BYLINE: t.j. simers Register columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 906 words



HIGHLIGHT: Anaheim officials can stop worrying. The Angels have no list of
suitors.


 I don't think there is anything wrong with being clueless.

Let's face it, there's no way folks can know as much as a columnist.

When I hear from those who think they do, and that's usually every day, I remain
very supportive of the ignorant by replying: "It's always nice to hear from the
clueless."

But I have no such kind words today for the clueless folks charged with the task
of working out a new lease for Angel Stadium with Arte Moreno.

They represent the taxpayers in Anaheim, and if this is an example of how they
do business, thank heavens I live in Placentia.

"We're pursuing a positive outcome to see if there is a way of keeping the
Angels in Anaheim," said Charles Black, hired by Anaheim to be its consultant
and lawyer.

Hello, is anybody home?

Where are the Angels going?

"There are facilities around the country being built entirely by private funds,"
Black said.

The Orange County Register reinforced the sky-is-falling scenario by coupling
the Braves' move to a new suburban stadium with the Angels recently on the front
page, although the story itself showed why an Angels move is unlikely.

Atlanta has nothing to do with Southern California, and as the NFL will tell
you, public money here is tighter than Moreno when talking contract with Mike
Trout.

"When you say there is no place Arte can move," Black said, and I do, "that's
where this conversation breaks down. That's absolutely false."

I liked the sound of that. That suggested Anaheim had done its homework and put
together a list of potential landing spots for the Angels if Moreno pulled out
of Anaheim.

It's a no-brainer; beneficial to Anaheim's cause if it identified the
competition and understood what it might be up against.

But I'm told there is no such list.

"I don't know where they would go," Black admitted. "I don't think knowing where
they would go is important. It's just important they could go.

"You're a sports writer, you must watch how Arte spends money on his payroll.
That's a significant amount of money, and so he could do the same in building a
stadium."

If he builds a stadium like he signs high-priced free agents, here's hoping the
building inspector makes sure the place doesn't collapse on everyone.

"I built one of these facilities before," said Black, who was a key figure in
getting Petco Park operational in San Diego.

But Petco Park was a huge redevelopment play in San Diego, having more to do
with the neighborhood than the stadium, although public money/redevelopment
funds were used to construct the stadium.

"I don't think Arte could do such a deal now what with those funds no longer
available," Black said. "But look at Sacramento, how it has cobbled together
some funds to build a new arena; at least half public financing."

Sacramento does not have a finalized deal for an arena yet, and while it's
close, the Kings also were close to moving elsewhere.

"I disagree with the conclusion that the Angels can't go anywhere else," Black
said, "Particularly if the owner has the ability and willingness to spend money
on building a facility."

I have spent almost 20 years covering the Los Angeles effort to build an NFL
stadium, and one thing I've learned: Rich folks work very hard to make sure
someone else pays for whatever they want.

Moreno hasn't even begun to huff and puff about what he wants, and he already
has Anaheim jumping at shadows.

"If you're right and there's no place to go, we've got the upper leg," said the
consultant.

But Black doesn't think I am right, and city officials are hearing from Angel
fans fearful they will lose their team, presumably because they like to be
miserable during the baseball season.

"I don't know if we're going to be successful in keeping the Angels in place,"
Black said. "I have been told the Angels have been approached by other potential
venues.

"You don't have to be a brain surgeon to figure out potential sites."

I reminded Black he is not a brain surgeon, so figure it out.

"I expect the Angels have probably been approached by Irvine and probably
approached by the City of Industry," he said. "And they might have other places,
too."

The City of Industry has had a football stadium-ready site for years, and NFL
teams free to move have not done so because they must finance stadium
construction.

I wanted to know who told Black the team has been approached.

"My counterpart on the Angels (negotiating) team,'' said Black in referring to
the attorney hired by the team.

"They certainly don't want to create the perception it's a matter of working out
a deal or leaving," Black continued. "There wasn't a threat, but realistically
the city should understand there is the potential the Angels can relocate."

Anaheim is so concerned; it has already said it would be willing to talk about
giving Moreno development rights to the land around the stadium for $66 over the
next 66 years.

"But there has to be real and substantial revenues to benefit the city as we
proceed," said Black, which sounds like tough talk until someone spots a moving
van near the stadium.

"Moreno can move around quite a bit and hold on to his broadcasting contract,"
Black said in continuing to sound the alarm. "He can't go to Nevada, but he
could probably go to Hawaii. I don't think he would want to go to Arizona ..."

Did you ever try to takes notes while laughing?

The Los Angeles Angels by way of Hawaii?

Yes, sir, it's always nice to hear from the clueless.



tjsimers@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Angels owner Arte Moreno would like Anaheim to believe that he has
plenty of other stadium options. But are there really cities out there willing
to foot that kind of bill?

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 3, 1995, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

BLACK CAUCUS MEETING DRAWS CRITICISM OVER USE OF STATE MONEY

BYLINE: Virginia Young Post-Dispatch Jefferson City Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1248 words

DATELINE: JEFFERSON CITY


When the Missouri Legislative Black Caucus Foundation Inc. held its annual
conference in Columbia late last month, state taxpayers helped out.

The Missouri Division of Tourism provided 800 T-shirts and a dance band. The
Missouri Lottery printed the conference's glossy program, paid for
advertisements and furnished all participants with canvas tote bags.

The state Department of Mental Health flew in a talk show host and hired a
camera crew to tape a teen forum. The Highway Patrol sent 15 officers, most as
chaperones for youths attending an overnight retreat.

Adding it all up, taxpayers contributed at least $ 65,398 to the three-day event
- not counting state employees' time.

State employees hauled golf clubs, operated refreshment carts and handled prizes
at the opening golf tourney. One agency initially said that the employees worked
on state time. Later, Marc Farinella, chief of staff for Gov. Mel Carnahan, said
the workers used vacation time.

Caucus leaders say the state's money was well spent. Between 400 and 500 black
leaders from across the state explored pressing issues, such as health care and
children in poverty. Meanwhile, a special program for 180 youths offered an
introduction to college life and included discussions of drug abuse and teen
pregnancy.

"We had a program that was culturally and intellectually beneficial to the
participants of the conference," said Sen. Phil Curls, D-Kansas City, president
of the Black Caucus Foundation. "We covered a broad array of issues, which
culminated in a broad education for our children, something that's intended to
allow them to dream."

While state departments often hold conferences and promote Missouri, this event
stands out: It was for a private foundation composed largely of legislators.
Other legislative groups, such as the women's caucus, say they have gotten only
token amounts from state agencies.

The state outlay is a testament to the increasingly influential role black
legislators play in the General Assembly. Though their number is small - 16 out
of 197 legislators - they occupy many powerful positions.

The largest state departments - Mental Health, Social Services and Corrections -
report to Black Caucus members. Reps. Paula Carter and Charles "Quincy" Troupe
head the committees that review those agencies' spending. The highest ranking
Black Caucus member is Senate Majority Leader J.B. "Jet" Banks, who controls the
flow of legislation in the Senate. All are Democrats from St. Louis.

Dozens of state employees helped organize the conference, and dozens more
attended its workshops, with the state paying their $ 175 registration fees. The
University of Missouri at Columbia provided free room and board for the teen-age
participants. That's rare, said Rita Houg, a university housing official.
"Probably 95 percent of our groups pay," she said. Critics Question State Aid

The state spending was news to legislators outside the 16-member Black Caucus.
Some wondered why it wasn't discussed during appropriations meetings. Others
questioned whether it was appropriate.

Rep. Martin "Bubs" Hohulin, R-Lamar, said: "I'm upset and angry that these
agencies, which come to us year after year telling us they have no money and no
resources to do their job, would then hand out money like this."

Hohulin, a farmer, said he opposes such expenditures regardless of a group's
political slant. He said he fought an appropriation to train future agricultural
leaders because "I don't think this is the way taxpayers want their money used."

The theme of the conference, held June 22-24, was "Celebrating What Works."
Curls said at first that the total budget - including public and private money -
was about $ 100,000. Later, when told of the $ 65,000 taxpayer tab, he said the
state probably shouldered 20 percent of the overall cost.

The contributions from various state agencies and departments included: the
Lottery ($ 35,000), Department of Mental Health ($ 12,000), Tourism Department
($ 5,722), Health Department ($ 5,000), University of Missouri-Columbia ($
2,961), Division of Highway Safety ($ 2,500), Conservation Department ($ 1,215)
and Highway Patrol ($ 1,000).

The caucus raised money from corporate sponsors such as Anheuser-Busch Cos. and
Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. Because the foundation is a tax-exempt
organization, companies can deduct their contributions from their taxes.

Technically, the foundation is known as a 501(c)(3) corporation, a reference to
the section of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code under which it was established.
Black legislators set the foundation up in 1983 to do educational research and
charitable work and provide scholarships. The foundation has no staff and
operates out of Curls' office in the Capitol.

Caucus members said that other politically connected groups get public money.
"Take a look at the women's caucus, special things the speaker does or the
executive branch does," said Rep. Carson Ross of Blue Springs, the only
Republican member of the Black Caucus.

"If the Black Caucus was the only organization ever using state resources, maybe
we'd need to look at it. But I don't think that they're the only one."

Women legislators said the Division of Tourism once provided breakfast and
souvenir umbrellas for a national women legislators gathering. But no one could
recall anything on the scale of the Black Caucus event.

Rep. Sandra Kauffman, R-Kansas City, is president of Women Legislators of
Missouri. She said state agencies should treat all charitable groups alike.
Organizations such as Boys State and Girls State, for example, run motivational
programs for young leaders.

"Does every group out there have the ability to go to a department and say, 'We
would like to have your support?' " Kauffman asked. "We need a policy, and we
all need to live by the same policy." Agencies Cite Benefits

State Auditor Margaret Kelly said the state Constitution bars granting public
funds to private institutions unless a public benefit is derived.

"Each state agency involved must be able to provide a clear explanation of the
public benefit gained by its involvement in this activity," she said.

Tourism Director Marjorie Beenders offered this rationale for providing the band
and T-shirts: "We're interested in bringing black tourists into the state of
Missouri. Basically, we're trying to start with the legislators, to let them
know that the division is really dedicated to this activity."

The Lottery benefited because its expenditure "contributes to the positive image
of the Lottery," said spokesman Gary Gonder. The $ 35,000 came out of an $ 8.5
million budget for advertising and promotion. Because printing work was done by
a minority contractor, the expenditure also helped the Lottery meet its goal of
using minority contractors.

Mental Health and Highway Safety officials said the conference meshed with their
goals of keeping teens off alcohol and drugs. As for the Conservation
Department, it wants to encourage blacks to pursue careers in natural resource
management. The department provided bus transportation for youths from Hayti,
Mo., to get to Columbia.

Curls and Carter, vice president of the foundation, did most of the fund-raising
for the conference.

"We as a caucus talked to various agencies to see what they could do to help us
out," Carter said. "Every child we save is tax money saved because we don't have
to put them in one of our institutions."

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Color Photo by Jill DiPasquale/Post-Dispatch - Tee markers
credit the Missouri Lottery and several corporate sponsors of a conference held
by the Missouri Legislative Black Caucus Foundation on June 22-24 in Columbia,
Mo.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              201 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 16, 1994, Thursday

Black 411 service helps callers buy African-American

BYLINE: By Jennifer Ffrench Parker STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section E; Page 4

LENGTH: 459 words


Every chance he gets, Larry Spear tries to buy black.

"African-Americans earn $ 350 billion a year, yet only 7 percent of that money
stays in the black community," Spear said. "If more of that money circulated in
our community we could begin to make an impact on some of the social problems
like high unemployment and poor education."

Spear, 33, is doing his part to help change the status quo with a new telephone
directory service that links consumers with black-owned businesses.

Spear's company, Black Financial Empowerment Inc., launched the Black 411
service in January from his College Park home.

Companies pay $ 200 a year to be listed in the directory. In return, operators
give the companies' names and numbers to callers seeking products and services
from black-owned businesses.

"This is an easy and simple way to find a company," Spear said. "You may not
have a printed directory around, but you can pick up the telephone and ask for a
name and number."

Spear, a former telecommunications company sales manager, thought up the
business shortly after relocating to Atlanta with a former employer in 1992.

Spear and his wife, Michelle, moved to unincorporated Fulton County and didn't
have cable.

"We wanted a satellite dish," Spear said. "As a consumer I always try to spend
my money with black-owned businesses. I tried to find a black-owned satellite
dish supplier and couldn't, and then I got to thinking - what if there was a
directory assistance I could call?"

Spear and a former colleague, Tony Hylton, created a computer program to run the
system. and put it on line in January with a list of 15 companies.

Today, the company has a directory of 63 Atlanta companies and averages 150 to
200 calls a month. Among them are retail stores, banks, real estate brokers,
lawyers and print shops. Aleta Spence, who signed up her stock-brokerage firm, S
mart Capital Management, with Black 411 in April, said she has already had four
calls through the service.

"The message is finally getting through that we need to bring money back into
our community and help build it up," Spence said.

To help the service grow, Spear has been marketing it through the traveling
Black Expo show. He spent last week at the show in New York, where he said
interest was high.

"We signed up another 50 companies in New York," Spear said.

The Black Expo will soon be visiting Detroit and Washington, and he expects high
levels of interest there too.

"There is a growing consciousness among consumers about the need to patronize
black businesses," Spear said. "Since we are only getting 7 percent of the
African-American dollars, something isn't working and we need another
alternative."

WHO TO CALL

The Black 411 number is 1-800-335-5411.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941720432

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              202 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 16, 1994, Thursday

Black 411 service helps callers buy African-American

BYLINE: By Jennifer Ffrench Parker STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section E; Page 4

LENGTH: 459 words


Every chance he gets, Larry Spear tries to buy black.

"African-Americans earn $ 350 billion a year, yet only 7 percent of that money
stays in the black community," Spear said. "If more of that money circulated in
our community we could begin to make an impact on some of the social problems
like high unemployment and poor education."

Spear, 33, is doing his part to help change the status quo with a new telephone
directory service that links consumers with black-owned businesses.

Spear's company, Black Financial Empowerment Inc., launched the Black 411
service in January from his College Park home.

Companies pay $ 200 a year to be listed in the directory. In return, operators
give the companies' names and numbers to callers seeking products and services
from black-owned businesses.

"This is an easy and simple way to find a company," Spear said. "You may not
have a printed directory around, but you can pick up the telephone and ask for a
name and number."

Spear, a former telecommunications company sales manager, thought up the
business shortly after relocating to Atlanta with a former employer in 1992.

Spear and his wife, Michelle, moved to unincorporated Fulton County and didn't
have cable.

"We wanted a satellite dish," Spear said. "As a consumer I always try to spend
my money with black-owned businesses. I tried to find a black-owned satellite
dish supplier and couldn't, and then I got to thinking - what if there was a
directory assistance I could call?"

Spear and a former colleague, Tony Hylton, created a computer program to run the
system. and put it on line in January with a list of 15 companies.

Today, the company has a directory of 63 Atlanta companies and averages 150 to
200 calls a month. Among them are retail stores, banks, real estate brokers,
lawyers and print shops. Aleta Spence, who signed up her stock-brokerage firm, S
mart Capital Management, with Black 411 in April, said she has already had four
calls through the service.

"The message is finally getting through that we need to bring money back into
our community and help build it up," Spence said.

To help the service grow, Spear has been marketing it through the traveling
Black Expo show. He spent last week at the show in New York, where he said
interest was high.

"We signed up another 50 companies in New York," Spear said.

The Black Expo will soon be visiting Detroit and Washington, and he expects high
levels of interest there too.

"There is a growing consciousness among consumers about the need to patronize
black businesses," Spear said. "Since we are only getting 7 percent of the
African-American dollars, something isn't working and we need another
alternative."

WHO TO CALL

The Black 411 number is 1-800-335-5411.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942010432

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              203 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       May 14, 2004 Friday FINAL EDITION

Black Hawk facing inquiry REVIEW OF GAMBLING REVENUE After two Post stories, the
CBI and the Jeffco DA's office are teaming to see if the city has spent proceeds
properly.

BYLINE: Ann Schrader , Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 618 words


Officials with the Colorado Bureau of Investigation and the  Jefferson County
district attorney's office confirmed Thursday that  they will look into how the
city of Black Hawk spends gambling  revenues.


District Attorney Dave Thomas described the effort as an 'initial  inquiry a
into the possibility that there may have been some sort  of criminal activity.'


The inquiry, however, is not a formal investigation, said Thomas,  whose
district includes Gilpin County, where Black Hawk is  located.


The joint initiative was prompted by recent coverage of Black Hawk  by The
Denver Post, Thomas said. In articles published Sunday and  Monday, the
newspaper described how Black Hawk casinos have  generated extraordinary wealth
for the city of 116.


Since gambling was approved in 1990, Black Hawk has received more  than $ 23
million in state historic preservation funds collected  from casinos. The city
often uses the money on projects that appear  to have little to do with historic
preservation, including the  purchase of vacant land, new construction and
elaborate home  improvements.


Since 1993, Black Hawk aldermen and members of the local historic  commission
have received $ 2.5 million in state preservation funds  for home improvements
and the sale of their personal property, city  records show.


Thomas said he is concerned about some 'gray areas,' such as land  deals
involving Black Hawk aldermen reported in The Post.


'I'm not sure what the law is, and we need to review that,'  Thomas said.


Corey Hoffmann, Black Hawk's city attorney and acting city manager,  did not
return phone calls. Black Hawk aldermen voted to have  Hoffmann speak on their
behalf.


The announcement of the inquiry comes one day after Gov. Bill Owens  signed a
law that removes a limit on how much state historic  preservation money can be
spent on homes in the state's three  gambling towns.


CBI Director Robert Cantwell said there are 'no particulars'  about what Black
Hawk activities will be reviewed. He hopes to meet  with Jeffco prosecutors
about the matter next week.


'The next step is to meet with Dave Thomas' office and to go over  the
information that we have available,' he said.


Cantwell and Thomas have scrutinized Black Hawk's activities  before.


Dating to 1996, the CBI has conducted four criminal investigations  examining
the actions of Black Hawk officials. No charges have been  filed against them.


In 1997, a criminal investigation by the CBI and Jeffco district  attorney's
office resulted in an indictment against Historic  District Management Corp.,
which was hired by three Black Hawk  property owners to oversee their historic
preservation grant  money.


The company pleaded guilty to a single felony charge of breach of  its fiduciary
duty and paid $ 15,000 in restitution.


The roots of the case reach back to 1990, when Colorado voters  approved
limited-stakes gambling in Black Hawk, Central City and  Cripple Creek. As part
of the gambling amendment, a portion of  gambling revenues is set aside for
historic preservation in the  three towns.


No state agency oversees how the money is spent, with the Colorado  attorney
general's office ruling the money comes with no strings  attached.


Black Hawk hired a consultant in 1992 to develop guidelines for use  of gambling
money. In its indictment of Historic District  Management, the grand jury said
the town failed to enforce the  guidelines.


Staff writer Kirk Mitchell contributed to this report. Staff writer  Ann
Schrader can be reached at 303-278-3217 or  aschrader@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 26, 2013 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Few Dollars to Help a Prospect

BYLINE: By PAUL WACHTER

SECTION: Section F; Column 0; SpecialSections; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 923 words


After Dan Nagler graduated from St. Thomas University in 2008 with degrees in
law and business, he opened a sports agency in Miami. Rather than chase the
Rafael Nadals and Maria Sharapovas of the world, he wanted to seek out lesser,
even struggling, professionals.

But he quickly discovered what professional tennis players know: It is difficult
to make a decent living outside the top 100.

''Top 100 covers the basic expenses for the year -- traveling, hotels, coach,''
said Julia Glushko, Israel's No. 2 female player, whom Nagler used to represent.

Ranked No. 128 in the world, Glushko has earned $90,535 in prize money this
year. Consider, for example, Denver Nuggets forward Wilson Chandler, who is
128th in ESPN's fantasy basketball rankings and will earn $6.3 million next
season. And he does not have to worry about paying his coach or missing paydays
with a sprained ankle.

''Since the lower-ranked players I represented weren't making any real money and
very few people were interested in sponsoring them, I wasn't making any money
from being their agent,'' Nagler said.

Lower-ranked pros did not need agents, Nagler realized. They needed backers. In
March 2012, he started involvedfan.com, which is basically a Kickstarter for
sports.

''There are a few other sites that do sports, such as Indiegogo, but they're so
watered down,'' Nagler said. ''Go to them and you'll see some fan who's trying
to raise money for tickets to a Buffalo Bills game. Involved Fan is about
helping a professional player with a direct relationship.''

As with Kickstarter, donations come with rewards. For $350, a donor can get an
autographed, match-used racket from Glushko. For $250, a donor can get a Skype
session with Vahid Mirzadeh, a former No. 1 singles and doubles player for
Florida State University, who is trying to make it on the pro doubles tour.

''I started playing on the tour full time in January, and my dad's helping me
out financially,'' said Mirzadeh, who is ranked No. 179 in doubles. ''But it's
tough. I just got back from playing a bunch of European challengers and I did
well. I made about $2,500 in prize money, and my expenses were double that. And
I wasn't eating steak dinners and flying a private jet. I was staying in hostels
and taking 14-hour train rides.''

As a moneymaking tool, though, Involved Fan has been about as successful as
Nagler's agency. Nagler takes a 10 percent cut of the donations, which is
standard for crowd-sourcing sites, but no one has received more than Alicia
Black, who has collected $565 to date.

Black, 15, has yet to turn professional, but has already learned of the
financial demands of world-competitive tennis.

''I'm a single mother, devoting my life to my children's tennis career, and
there are tournaments we can't go to because we can't afford to travel,'' said
Alicia's mother, Gayal Black, who lives in Boca Raton, Fla.

Alicia Black, who is known as Tornado, had managed to accumulate a professional
ranking (896th) after performing well in a few minor league tournaments, but she
lost her ranking points this year because she could not afford to travel.

''She's young, so I just can't put her on a plane by herself,'' Gayal Black
said.

The same goes for Alicia's younger sister, Tyra, who has a matching nickname
(Hurricane), and is currently the country's top-ranked under-12 player.

While Alicia briefly resided at the United States Tennis Association's training
center in Boca Raton, Gayal said that the U.S.T.A. had not properly supported
her daughters' potential. She said that Tyra had not received any financial
support from the association, a claim disputed by Patrick McEnroe, the general
manager for player development.

He said that the Black sisters received several U.S.T.A. grants, and that Alicia
traveled with the national team, which is funded by the U.S.T.A.

''Now, are our grants enough to cover all the expenses that are associated with
raising a professional tennis player? No,'' McEnroe said. ''It's a very
expensive sport, and our budget isn't unlimited.''

Alicia will be traveling to New York to play in the United States Open juniors
tournament. Her mother said she hoped contributions through Involved Fan would
help with the expenses.

''Just to have the money to spend an extra night before a tournament and
acclimate is a big help,'' Gayal Black said. ''Some people have given $5, and
that's helpful. It's a lot of money to me.''

The Blacks' largest benefactor on Involved Fan has been Mark Goodman, a
Boston-based entrepreneur, who played on the Harvard varsity team in the 1980s.
Goodman read about Alicia in a news article and then found his way to Nagler's
site. He offered $500 to play a set. While visiting his father in Miami, he made
the drive to Boca Raton.

''We played a serious set,'' Goodman said. ''I didn't want to lose to a
14-year-old girl.''

But lose he did, 6-2.

Involved Fan also supports a few non-tennis athletes, including the snowboard
cross competitor Jonathan Cheever, who is trying to raise money to train for the
Olympics.

But for now, the Web site is a side project for Nagler. He works full time at a
Miami civil litigation firm. As he devotes more energy to the site and word gets
out, Nagler expects Involved Fan to change the dynamic between aspiring
professional athletes and fans.

''If you contribute to a player, you're helping him or her go to another
tournament or hire a coach,'' he said. ''This has a direct effect on the
player's ranking. The ability to affect the sport in that way takes being a fan
to a whole new level.''

U.S. Open Preview

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/08/26/sports/tennis/spare-a-few-dollars-to-help-an-a
spiring-athlete.html

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Tyra Black, 12, is a top-ranked American junior player. Her
sister Alicia, 15, below, will play in the U.S. Open juniors tournament.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY MARC SEROTA FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)
 Alicia Black is Involved Fan's highest-earning athlete, receiving $565 to date.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY PATRICK SMITH FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              205 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           November 3, 2005 Thursday
                                National Edition

Profit knows no colour

BYLINE: Thomas Sowell, National Post

SECTION: ISSUES & IDEAS; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 611  words


The death of Rosa Parks last week, and her funeral yesterday, have reminded us
of her place in history. As the black woman who refused to give up her seat on a
Montgomery, Ala. bus to a white man, in accordance with the state's Jim Crow
laws, she became the spark that ignited the civil rights movement of the 1950s
and 1960s.

Most people do not know the rest of the story, however. Why was there racially
segregated seating on public transportation in the first place? "Racism" some
will answer -- and there was certainly plenty of racism in the South, going back
for centuries. But racially segregated seating on streetcars and buses in the
South did not go back for centuries.

Far from existing from time immemorial, as many have assumed, racially
segregated seating in public transportation began in the South in the late 19th
and early 20th centuries. Those who see government as the solution to social
problems may be surprised to learn that it was government which created this
problem.

Many, if not most, municipal transit systems were privately owned in the 19th
century, and the private owners of these systems had no incentive to segregate
the races. These owners may have been racists themselves, but they were in
business to make a profit -- and you don't make a profit by alienating a lot of
your customers. There was not enough market demand for Jim Crow seating on
municipal transit to bring it about.

It was politics that segregated the races because the incentives of the
political process are different from the incentives of the economic process.
Both blacks and whites spent money to ride the buses but, after the
disenfranchisement of black voters in the late 19th and early 20th century, only
whites counted at the ballot box.

It wasn't necessary for an overwhelming majority of white voters to demand
racial segregation. If some did and the others didn't care, that was sufficient
politically, because what blacks wanted did not count politically after they
lost the vote.

The incentives of the economic system and the incentives of the political system
were not only different, they clashed. Private owners of streetcar, bus and
railroad companies in the South lobbied against the Jim Crow laws while these
laws were being written, challenged them in the courts after the laws were
passed, and then dragged their feet in enforcing those laws after they were
upheld by the courts.

These tactics delayed the enforcement of Jim Crow seating laws for years in some
places. Then, company employees began to be arrested for not enforcing the
race-based restrictions and at least one president of a streetcar company was
threatened with jail if he didn't comply.

None of this resistance was based on a desire for civil rights. It was based on
a fear of losing money if racial segregation caused black customers to use
public transportation less often than they would have in the absence of this
racist affront.

People who decry the fact that businesses are in business "just to make money"
seldom understand the implications of what they are saying. You make money by
doing what other people want, not what you want.

Initially, segregation meant that whites could not sit in the black section of a
bus any more than blacks could sit in the white section. But whites who were
forced to stand when there were still empty seats in the black section objected.
Thus, the rule was imposed that blacks had to give up their seats to whites.

That's when Rosa Parks came in -- after more than half a century of political
chicanery and judicial fraud -- to end the injustice imposed by politicians on
business owners. What a pity economics did not prevail from the beginning.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Detroit News File Photo; Rosa Parks, centre, leads a parade in Detroit in
August, 1976.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 30, 1995, Sunday, THREE STAR Edition

AGENCIES JOIN TO AID BLACK YOUTHS; FUND, URBAN LEAGUE PROVIDE ROLE MODELS

BYLINE: Fred W. Lindecke Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 356 words


The St. Louis Urban League will use a grant from the Monsanto Fund to raise
money for a program that would ask black families to contribute to a program to
help black youth. The program would provide black men as advisers to youths who
lack adult supervision.

James Buford, president of the Urban League of Metropolitan St. Louis, said the
program would "put an adult - male mentors or guardians - into the life of
youths who have that void in their life."

Money to pay for the fund-raising drive would come from a $ 1 million grant that
the Monsanto Fund gave last week to the National Urban League. The Monsanto Fund
is the philanthropic arm of Monsanto Co.

The chairman of the fund, John L. Mason, gave the grant to the National Urban
League at the Whitney M. Young Jr. Conference dinner in Miami.

The donation is the first toward an Urban League plan to foster youth
development and education in 10 urban areas nationwide. The Monsanto money is
designated for the first three areas to be selected, with the provision that two
of these three should be in St. Louis and Springfield, Mass.

Monsanto is based in St. Louis and has a plant in Springfield.

Buford said he hoped the St. Louis branch of the Urban League would get about $
250,000 over the next three years to set up the staff and do the promotion for a
fund-raising drive.

No goal has been set for the fund-raising drive, Buford said, adding that black
families may be asked to contribute $ 500 each.

"We are going to ask the black community to start reinvesting in their own youth
instead of asking the government to solve our problems," Buford said. For the
future, he added, "It is obvious that federal and corporate dollars are not
going to be there."

Money raised from this drive would be distributed to churches and social service
agencies that would recruit the male advisers and put them in contact with black
youth.

"We have so many African-American youths who don't have adults in their lives,
like a mother or a father," Buford said. "They need adequate adult contact and
role models, just to be a buddy for guidance and discipline."

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              207 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Toronto cops need help to nab Mo' Money Bandit

BYLINE: Chris Doucette, Toronto Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 182  words


Mo' money, mo' money, mo' money.

Toronto Police need help tracking down a bank robber - dubbed the Mo' Money
Bandit - after a recent heist in the Annex.

"He just kept asking for more money," Staff-Insp. Mike Earl, who heads up the
Holdup Squad, said Wednesday.

The robbery occurred over the noon-hour on Aug. 26 at a bank near Bloor St. W.
and Bedford Rd.

"The man entered the branch, stood in line and then approached a bank employee,"
Earl said, adding the robber demanded the teller hand over "a specific amount of
money."

He said the teller gave the man some cash but he wasn't satisfied.

"The guy demanded more money," Earl said. "Then he walked over to the bank
manager's office and repeated his demand for more money."

After securing an undisclosed amount of cash, the bandit fled.

The robber is white, in his late 30s or 40s, about 5-foot-9, with a full sleeve
of tattoos on his left arm.

He wore black clothing, a black "HVOL ALLMAX" T-shirt, a black New York Yankees
ball cap, and was carrying a black knapsack with white piping. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Investigators need help identifying a man dubbed the Mo' Money
Bandit.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 13, 1992, Wednesday, Final Edition

For Area's Black Students, Project Excellence Spells College

Sari Horwitz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 654 words


To get hold of Andre Taylor, you have to call him at McDonald's where he works
after school. He lives in a Northeast Washington housing project, and his mother
can't afford a telephone.

McDonald's is also where Taylor does his homework -- before his job begins,
during breaks and before he leaves. It's too difficult to concentrate when he
goes home to Langston Terrace, where drug dealers frequently shoot it out.

His persistence has paid off. This fall, Taylor will be leaving Langston Terrace
to go to Washington College in Chestertown, Md., on a full four-year scholarship
from Project Excellence, a program that awards scholarships to outstanding black
high school students in the Washington area.

Tonight, the Project Excellence program will give away more than $ 1 million in
scholarship money -- twice as much as in past years -- to black high school
seniors who excel in writing and speaking.

"Without this, I don't know how I would be able to afford to go to college,"
said Taylor, who wants to study criminal law and eventually go into politics.
"I'm excited. Now I can have more time to focus on my academics and not worry
about paying for it."

The infusion of new money and matching funds from several area universities has
allowed Project Excellence to award 71 high school seniors college scholarships
this year, founder Carl T. Rowan said.

"We're getting more money because Project Excellence works," he said. "These
kids we pick go to college, stay in college, and they graduate."

Rowan, a syndicated columnist, launched Project Excellence in 1987 as an
antidote to peer pressure that stigmatizes bright black teenagers for writing
and speaking properly. Since then, 304 students have received more than $ 2
million in scholarships.

"I read a newspaper story about black students at one of our D.C. high schools
who had made the honor role but would not stand up when their names were called
because they didn't want their peers to know they had studied that hard," said
Rowan, who is black.

"If you got good grades, you were a nerd," Rowan said. "If you spoke and wrote
English well, you were 'acting like whitey.' I thought this was so outrageous
that it just infuriated me."

Five of the new scholarships this year are being financed by the Morris and
Gwendolyn Cafritz Foundation, which is contributing $ 75,000 to cover the first
year of college for five scholars at Washington College, Johns Hopkins
University in Baltimore, University of Maryland at College Park, University of
Virginia in Charlottesville, and Washington & Lee University in Lexington, Va.

The schools will guarantee tuition and room and board for the other three years,
Rowan said.

Among other factors, the students were judged by essays they wrote. Tshaka J.
Cunningham won a full scholarship to Princeton funded by Washington Post
Publisher Donald E. Graham, in memory of the late Herbert H. Denton Jr., a Post
reporter, editor and foreign correspondent. Cunningham's essay was about the day
he huddled under a tree to escape a violent thunderstorm that stopped a St.
Albans School lacrosse game.

"I began to correlate it scientifically," he wrote. "The multitude of people
standing under the tree would generate a mass of electrons that might attract
electrical charges in a storm cloud and complete a very large and potentially
lethal circuit. I did what any other person would do. . . . I ran." And then he
heard the crack of thunder and the lightning that struck the tree, killing
15-year-old Noah Eig and injuring 10 others.

" . . . I often wonder whether I could have saved them if I had simply spoken
up," Cunningham wrote. " . . . As I lay in bed that night, I promised myself
that the next time I have the opportunity to save someone, no matter how minute
it may seem, I won't let it slip through my hands so easily. Before I closed my
eyes to go to sleep, I said a silent prayer for Noah Eig."


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, SCHOLARSHIP WINNERS

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              209 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 17, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Shift in Money and Message As Minorities Take On AIDS

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1586 words


Just two years ago, when Ravinia Hayes-Cozier walked into a board meeting of
AIDS Action, one of the country's largest AIDS umbrella organizations, she felt
a familiar, sinking feeling. There was only one other African-American in the
room.

"I was scared," acknowledged Ms. Hayes-Cozier, the executive director of the
Harlem Directors Group, a coalition of service organizations for Upper
Manhattan. She wondered if the two together would be able to corral support
during policy discussions about the disease that had ravaged neighborhoods like
hers since 1994.

Since that meeting, much has changed at AIDS Action. Nearly a quarter of its
members represent organizations that cater to minorities, and its board is flush
with black and Latino members.

That changing composition reflects the broad, fundamental shift in the role of
minorities in policy making and fund-raising to fight AIDS across the country.
The executive offices and boards of broad-based AIDS organizations look
increasingly like AIDS Action.

Prominent black organizations like the National Association for the Advancement
of Colored People and traditionally black churches have overcome their
reluctance to take on the issue, recognizing that the illness in the last decade
has claimed more and more of their own. Latino groups have also become more
involved, although their representation on major boards lags behind that of
blacks. And accompanying their interest has been a greater influx of dollars, as
groups have become better versed in fund-raising and as substantially more
federal money has been earmarked for AIDS programs specifically for minority
concerns.

"There has been a major shift in players and priorities at the table on AIDS
policy," said Daniel Zingale, the director of AIDS Action, which is based in
Washington. "There is no question that the changes are in direct response to the
realities of today's epidemic, which is increasingly black, Latino and female."

Of those who died from AIDS in 1998, 49 percent were African-American; that
figure was 29 percent in 1990, according to figures from the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention. Also in 1998, Hispanics made up 18 percent of deaths
from AIDS.

This vastly changed dynamic is also transforming policy, from the way the
federal government administers money for AIDS treatment to the way that social
service organizations have redistributed their resources.

For instance, while much of the late 1990's focused on new and powerful drug
regimens that have prolonged the lives of many people with AIDS, many of the
African-American and Latino groups have instead directed their focus back to
prevention to try to arrest the devastation of their communities. And the
Medicaid program, the federal insurance program for the poor, has quietly eased
the rules that people must have full-blown AIDS to get benefits.

Last year, at the behest of the Congressional Black Caucus, President Clinton
signed a $156 million bill for AIDS prevention programs specifically geared to
minorities. Next year, the amount will be increased to $245.4 million.

Kweisi Mfume, the president of the N.A.A.C.P., recently took a seat on the board
of the National Black Leadership Commission on AIDS, and his organization has
completed a documentary on AIDS in black America for national television --
something that would have been unheard of under previous leaders.

At the Gay Men's Health Crisis, the oldest and largest AIDS service organization
in the country, the executive director is a Hispanic woman, and her deputy is an
African-American man.

The role of minorities in policy and advocacy has clearly lagged behind the
epidemiological reality of AIDS. In 1999, 54 percent of new cases of H.I.V.
infections occurred among blacks, even though they make up less than 15 percent
of the population, a disparity in place for five years. Significant advocacy
among black religious leaders, traditional black political organizations and
even black members of government was rare.

On one hand, black churches, which tend to be quite conservative, were not
comfortable taking on sexuality and drug use among their parishioners. Some
church leaders were clearly not paying attention to the numbers of those
affected by the disease, public health experts said. Some still were transfixed
on competing urgent issues like poverty and infant mortality.

And many blacks, already distrustful of the public health system, were swayed by
some conspiracy theorists who believed AIDS was created by the government and
would afflict more black residents than other populations.

But the ceaselessness of the disease, both in the United States and in Africa,
has caused many leaders to rethink their positions. And new leadership at
organizations like the N.A.A.C.P. and the move of the Black Caucus ignited the
fire. "I genuinely believe the staggering number of statistics created a
groundswell that forced immediate action," said Representative Jesse Jackson
Jr., a Democrat from Illinois who was directly involved in the legislation to
increase federal money for AIDS programs.

The ascendance of minorities into leadership spots in established AIDS
organizations is clearly more than a token gesture: AIDS service organizations
are increasingly finding that their financing depends on it. The disease control
centers now requires states that apply for AIDS money to create programs geared
to populations in which the disease is most prevalent.

In 1998, 29 percent of C.D.C. money for AIDS counseling and testing went to
programs for African-Americans; in 1997, the number was 23 percent, said Dr.
Helene Gayle, the director of the agency's H.I.V. prevention unit. "This is a
fairly substantial increase," Dr. Gayle said. "We expect to continue to see
those kind of shifts."

Many states and cities are also trying to adjust budgets so that minority
programs get bigger slices of the money pie. New York's AIDS Advisory Council is
recommending that its AIDS money be reshuffled so that more goes to programs for
blacks and Latinos. In Los Angeles, which declared a state of emergency two
months ago regarding the rising cases of AIDS among minorities, the county
earmarked an additional $1.2 million to respond to the epidemic.

On the flip side, black and Latino groups argue, education and prevention
programs tend to be more astute when they are run by members of the same
communities as those served. Until recently, they said, benefactors pressured
them to replicate outreach strategies that had been effective among the
well-mobilized gay groups during earlier stages of the epidemic.

"It just didn't make sense," said Ms. Hayes-Cozier of the Harlem group. "You
aren't going to find black women in bars or bath houses. You have to look in
laundromats and beauty parlors."

Further, African-Americans who work to fight AIDS believe that they have learned
through their own experiences in the church how to better recruit religious
leaders to get on board with their programs.

"When we talk about AIDS prevention to black churches," said Deborah Levine, the
vice president of health and wellness strategies for Harlem Congregations for
Community Improvement, a religious consortium, "we have conversations that
address their belief system. If they are comfortable talking about abstinence,
we talk about that. We might not use explicit pictures. You use language people
are comfortable with. "

And slowly but surely, more and more black religious groups have brought AIDS to
the pulpit. At the Church of Covenant Missionary Baptist Church in Rochester,
there is an AIDS outreach program and a support group that meets six times a
week. "Five years ago, this was not something that was supported by local
congregations," said the Rev. Willie Davis, the church's pastor.

Church groups, still the slowest to come around, have also been struck by the
math, many experts said. "You do have some members of the clergy who are still
troubled by the gay issue," said Philip Hilton, a vice president of the Black
Leadership Commission on AIDS. "But many more are seeing this as administering
to the needs to their people. People dying of AIDS now are members of their
choir."

Latinos, whose representation has also grown among mainstream AIDS groups, have
been slower to mobilize, many experts said. In large part, this is because they
are less homogenous as a group, with allegiances to those from the same country
rather than others who simply share their language.

"The Congressional Hispanic caucus has been slower to respond," said Dennis
DeLeon, president of the Latino Commission on AIDS. "The disease started with
homosexuals and drug users, and that was difficult for Latinos to deal with," he
added. "It was difficult to find leadership to embrace those two communities."

Political empowerment is almost certain to continue to change the flow of the
dollars, experts on AIDS policy say. Representative Jackson said 40 percent of
the new federal money is for first-time recipients of grants.And minority AIDS
organizations that once centered on support groups and condom distribution have
now turned some of their attention to politics and fund-raising.

"We have gotten much more involved in issues of service allocation and money in
last few years," said Michael Saunders, the director of education and support
for Gay Men of African Descent, a New York group. "It has become more important
to make people aware that we were not getting our fair share."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Harlem Directors Group, a coalition of service organizations
for Upper Manhattan, holding a training session to teach people how to educate
community members about the risks of AIDS. (Ruby Washington/The New York
Times)(pg. B6)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              210 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Morning Star (Wilmington, NC)

                           February 19, 2002, Tuesday
                              Correction Appended

CORRECTION

SECTION: Lifestyle; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 491 words


Freedman's Savings and Trust Company had deposits of $ 20 million and nearly
70,000 depositors by 1871. Sunday's Today section misstated the date.

Sunday Star-News

Category: Lifestyle

Published: 02/17/2002

Page: 1D, 5D

Keywords: black history month; Freedman's Saving and Trust

BLACK HISTORY MONTH / Freedman's Bank

The National Freedman's Savings and Trust Company, also known as Freedman's
Bank, originally was established, in Norfolk, Va., and Beaufort, S.C., for black
Union troops who needed a place to deposit their wages and bounty money. On
March 3, 1866, a few years after the Emancipation Proclamation freed slaves, the
bank was chartered and became the first place of deposit for free men.

The bank eventually opened 37 branches in 17 states and the District of
Columbia.  Three of those branches were located in North Carolina (Raleigh, New
Bern and Wilmington).

The majority of freed men and their families used the bank along with white
depositors, business depositors and church and social club depositors.  The
information needed to open an account later became a good source of genealogical
information. It not only gave the name and address of the account holder, but
also, a list of siblings, parents and distinguishing physical features.

In March 1868, just two years after the Freedman's Bank was chartered,
Wilmington opened its branch located on Market Street. By October the bank moved
to Dock Street between Water and Front streets. The bank gave hardworking, poor
blacks a chance to save and encouraged it by adding interest payments to their
accounts once a sum of $ 5 was accumulated. Meetings often were held at Thalian
Hall to inform and educate depositors of the benefits offered by the bank. By
1971, The Freedman's Savings and Trust Company had deposits of $ 20 million and
nearly 70,000 depositors.  But in 1874 rumors were circulating that the
Wilmington branch was going to shut down.  This set a panic among depositors and
caused many to withdraw their money. Because of bank stipulations, people making
large withdrawals had to wait 60 days before receiving their cash. The bank
closed before many received their money.  The cause was blamed on bad
management, charter violations and theft.  It was told that one cashier ran off
with $ 70,000.

In 1874, John A. Smythe, a black clerk at the Wilmington branch who was educated
in Philadelphia, Pa., and Howard University Law School, went to the commission
of the Freedman's Bank in Washington, D.C. to help depositors, who acted on the
bank's trust, recover some of their money.  In 1908, some 35 years later, black
depositors or their heirs still were trying to induce the government to
reimburse them.

-Compiled by S. Muhammad

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 19, 2002

CORRECTION: CORRECTION: Freedman's Savings and Trust Company had deposits of $
20 million and nearly 70,000 depositors by 1871. Sunday's Today section
misstated the date.

                   Copyright 2002 Wilmington Star-News, Inc.


                              211 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           November 18, 2008 Tuesday

POLICE BEAT

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 497  words


North County

Bar robbed

A man wearing a skeleton mask tried to rob a Pasadena bar with what looked like
a plastic handgun Sunday night, county police said.

At just after 8 p.m., he walked into Cheers in the 2900 block of Mountain Road,
pointed the plastic weapon at an employee and demanded money.

When the owner refused, the masked man ran away empty-handed, police said.

He is described as white, from 20 to 25 years old, 6 feet tall, with a thin
build. He was wearing a camouflage jacket with skulls on it, and jeans. His face
was covered with a skeleton mask and the hood of his jacket was pulled over his
head, police said.

Attempted robbery

A masked man tried to rob a Glen Burnie hotel Sunday morning, county police
said.

At about 4:30 a.m., acted interested in getting a room at the Wynnwood Inn and
Suites in the 6300 block of Ritchie Highway, police said. After asking for the
room, he pulled out a black handgun and pointed it at an employee, 43.

Without getting any money, the man ran away, police said.

He is described as white, 6 feet tall, with a medium build. He was wearing a
black heavy coat, black gloves, a black mask, and had a black handgun.

Victim wounded

A man was robbed at knifepoint while walking in Glen Burnie Saturday morning,
county police said.

At about 11:20 a.m., the man, 56, was walking in the 300 block of Hospital Drive
when two men held a homemade knife to him and demanded his money.

As one of the men grabbed the money, he cut the victim's left forearm.

The victim drove himself to Baltimore Washington Medical Center in Glen Burnie,
where he was treated for his lacerations.

Police searched for the robbers, but could not find them.

The attack took place in the same block where the Southgate Shell gas station
was robbed the night before.

The robbers in the recent attack are both described as Hispanic, 5 feet 7 inches
tall, with medium build and black hair.

Cash taken

A Glen Burnie gas station was robbed Friday night, county police said.

An employee of the Southgate Shell station in the 300 block of Hospital Drive
told police he was working behind the counter at about 10:40 p.m. when a man
with a gun pointed the weapon at him and demanded money.

The robber snatched cash from the clerk and ran in an unknown direction.

Officers with police dogs searched the area, but could not find the robber.

He is described as black, 35 years old, 6 feet 3 inches, and 200 pounds. He was
wearing black pants, a black rain jacket and eyeglasses.

Robber gets cash

A man robbed a Hanover gas station at gunpoint Saturday morning, county police
said.

The man walked into the Fort Meade Shell station in the 2600 block of Annapolis
Road about 12:45 a.m., pointed a gun at an employee, 25, and demanded he hand
over cash from the register.

The robber took the cash and ran out of the building.

He is described as black, clean-shaven, 5 feet 10 inches tall, about 155 pounds,
from 40 to 50 years old, with short hair. He was wearing a blue and white
checkered flannel shirt and jeans.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              212 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 22, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

LOS ANGELES EXECUTIVE HELPS A FRENCH FAMILY AFTER THEFT

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Page 5, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Aug. 21


A French family who had been mugged and robbed of their money by two youths
continued their tour of the United States today, thanks to a $900 gift from a
businessman.

The businessman, Jim Porter, said, ''It was a humiliating thing because these
kids were black and I happen to be black also.'' ''I feel it's tragic and
embarrassing for black people when things like this happen,'' he said. ''What
better gesture than have a black person give them their money back.''

Mr. Porter is president of the U.S. Engineering Corporation, a company that
supplies engineers and technical workers on a temporary basis.

Grabbed Woman's Purse

The tourists, Ives Bretonniere and his wife, Jeanine, and four young children,
were driving through the Watts section Wednesday when they were attacked by the
youths, who reached into the stopped car and grabbed Mrs. Bretonniere's purse.
They also punched Mr.  Bretonniere in the eye and hit his wife in the jaw, Mr.
Porter said.

''The moment I read about the robbery,'' Mr. Porter recalled, ''I said to my
wife, 'It's so tragic for something like that to happen.  That poor family may
be stranded.' ''

He got in touch with the French Consulate, the French Tourist Bureau and the
police in his efforts to reach the family. Police officers told him that the
family had probably left town, but he finally found them in Long Beach.

'Didn't Have the Money'

''The 13-year-old boy, who spoke fluent English, called me and said they hadn't
left town, that they didn't have the money to leave town,'' said Mr. Porter.
''He said the $900 was all they had to finish the trip and get back to France.''

The family had driven to California from New York in a rented car and needed to
drive back to New York to fly home, Mr. Porter said.  The Bretonnieres, who are
from Roubaix, France, had 10 days left of their one-month tour when they were
robbed.

Mr. Porter, who has six children, invited the family to his office and gave them
$900 in cash as a gift from his company.  ''Mrs. Bretonniere said the robbery
didn't change their feelings about black people,'' Mr. Porter said. ''She said,
'We still have our compassion for people who are struggling. This wouldn't have
changed our love for your race at all.' ''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              213 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 25, 2004 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Summit land sells for $12.8 million;
Black Rock developer Chesrown top bidder on 77 acres along river

BYLINE: John Stucke Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 608 words


Marshall Chesrown, the top-dollar developer building the Black Rock community on
Lake Coeur d'Alene, has a new venture - this time paying $12.8 million for 77
acres of prime land near downtown Spokane called the Summit property.

He outbid a California development company Wednesday during a bankruptcy court
auction held to get the best deal for creditors of Metropolitan Mortgage &
Securities.

"I just got drift of this last week that this was in the works," he said after
the auction. "To find 77 acres of land on the water in the core of a city - it
just doesn't happen."

Chesrown, who is known for classy developments in North Idaho, envisions
building higher-end housing and retail on the site. He won't rule out a big-box
retail store such as Wal-Mart, but said that's not his style.

"Personally, that's not what I'm about," he said.

Chesrown's offer capped a confusing auction. His bid wasn't the highest: that
belonged to Seawest Investment Associates, which bid $13.6 million for the
slender parcel on the north bank of the Spokane River east of Monroe Street.

There was a catch in Seawest's bid, however. The company did not have plunk-down
earnest money and could have abandoned its bid without consequence after Dec. 7.

Chesrown's offer, although $800,000 less, included $500,000 in earnest money.

Bankrupcty Judge Patricia Williams ultimately agreed that Chesrown's offer was
too good - and solid - to pass up after three hours of legal back-and-forth
between lawyers.

Chesrown plans to begin work immediately. His money will help Metropolitan's
ongoing efforts to sell property, pay bills and return money to creditors.

Metropolitan bankruptcy attorney Ford Elsaesser determined the auction raised
enough money to satisfy the note due on property plus earn a $500,000 profit on
the deal.

"It was the best deal for the creditors and we can go to bed tonight knowing
that we have $500,000 for them no matter what happens," Elsaesser said after the
hearing.

He implored the judge to accept the deal, which he described as a sure thing
compared to the Seawest deal.

Chesrown attorney Kathryn McKinley told the judge the competing bids were
beginning to "feel like we're bidding real money versus Monopoly money."

Elsaesser said he began to doubt whether Seawest even had the money and worried
the firm was trying to gain a free option on the land.

Chesrown is fast becoming one of the region's most visible developers, with
projects going on in Coeur d'Alene, Liberty Lake and now, it appears, Spokane.

A Spokane native who made millions when he sold his Colorado auto dealerships to
AutoNation, Chesrown first turned his attention to developing the exclusive Club
at Black Rock, a 650-acre gated community and golf course on Lake Coeur d'Alene.
Since then, he acquired the Cedars Floating Restaurant on Lake Coeur d'Alene,
and acreage along the Spokane River where he plans to build waterfront condos.

That property is part of Coeur d'Alene's Riverfront development, an old mill
site on Northwest Boulevard that is being transformed into a live-work-play
community of offices, retail shops and housing.

In 2002, he bought property in Liberty Lake and with partners is developing a
housing project there.

He considers the Summit property a unique opportunity.

"Vibrant cities need residential housing in the downtown area," he said. "I
don't think there's enough of this kind of housing in Spokane ? and we believe
this means we have pent-up demand."

He likes the master plan community ideas that have been floated for the
property.

"I plan to make it the focal project in Spokane," he said. "We can do it."

GRAPHIC: Map of the Summit property

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              214 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                      July 18, 2000 Tuesday Final Edition

Agent Black back to Michigan court for bail

SOURCE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E05

LENGTH: 211 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA;S.C.


Sports agent Tank Black agreed yesterday to be sent to Michigan for a bail
hearing on charges he was part of multi-million dollar drug ring.

His appearance before a federal magistrate had been delayed a week, and it only
took about two minutes for lawyers for Black and Linda Wilson, his co-defendant
and business partner, to consent to the transfer.

Earlier this month, a Michigan grand jury indicted Black, a former agent for
Toronto Raptors star Vince Carter, Wilson and several others on money laundering
and drug charges.

Black, wearing a suit and shackles, smiled and waved to many of the dozen people
in court.

"Hanging in there?" someone asked.

Black, a half smile on his face, nodded slowly. He has been in jail since July
5.

Defence lawyer John Hardaway, who has said Black is innocent, would not discuss
why Black agreed to go to Michigan.

Assistant U.S. Attorney John Barton said that for security reasons he did not
know when they would be moved to Michigan by U.S. marshals.

Prosecutors said Black hid drug dealers' money, moved drugs and helped dealers
get out of the country. He is accused of laundering $1.1 million and funneling
it into a car title loan business.

Black and Wilson are also charged with conspiracy and perjury.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 2000 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              215 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           November 19, 1998 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Durham Democrats in line for key leadership roles

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 598 words


Democratic lawmakers overwhelmingly elected Minority Leader Jim Black of
Mecklenburg County to be speaker of the House when the new legislative session
convenes on Jan. 27.

And Durham's delegation seems poised to take over some key leadership posts now
that the Democrats have regained control of the House. Senate Democrats also
benefited from the Nov. 3 election, increasing their majority to 35-15.

Of Durham's three state House members, all Democrats, Rep. Paul Luebke has the
least seniority and he's going into his fifth two-year term. Durham Reps. George
Miller and Mickey Michaux have a combined 24 terms in Raleigh, with Miller the
most senior with 14 terms.

``I'm not as senior as Miller and Michaux, but I'm more senior than most House
Democrats,'' Luebke said. ``I don't think that anyone is an obvious choice for
[leadership] positions. I don't think that Jim Black has discussed specifics.''

Former Speaker and Wake County Rep. Dan Blue was the only other candidate
considered, but he was never officially nominated at Wednesday's Democratic
Caucus when Black was elected. But Black and Blue did meet before the caucus.

``My sense is that Jim Black wanted to reiterate to Dan Blue that he would be
fair to all,'' Luebke said.

Michaux said he hopes Durham will benefit from the change in leadership and from
Black's election. Michaux wants more money for N.C. Central University and other
historically black universities. The Museum of Life and Science also needs more
money for its BioQuest project, a series of educational displays with live
animals.

``I think there was interest in Dan, but I think Dan and Jim Black got together
and hashed things out,'' Michaux said. ``I'm looking for Jim Black to surround
himself with wise and knowledgeable leadership. He can move the state forward
and hopefully Durham can pick something up in the process.

Miller wants to see more money for Eno State Park and changes in rest-home
regulations, which he said would benefit not just Durham, but the entire state.
While the state is enjoying record revenue, Michaux cautioned that a series of
tax cuts and new programs approved in recent years has strapped the state.
``Unless we have some other creative ways of raising money, everything is on a
hopeful pitch right now,'' Michaux said.

Black is known for being soft-spoken and for his ability to bring people
together, which is especially important in dealing with a narrow majority of
66-54. He won't be booming from the lectern.

``Jim Black did an excellent election job of leading the campaign caucus to
victory and he will be a fair speaker to all Democrats, whether they're black or
white, progressive or conservative,'' Luebke said.

In 1994, Republicans wrested control of the House away from Democrats. In 1996,
Republicans kept control, but Speaker of the House Harold Brubaker from Randolph
County struggled to build a coalition in his splintered party that held only a
one-seat majority, 61-59.

Republicans split over welfare reform, gay rights and how to teach Darwin's
theory of evolution in classrooms. The struggle within the party aided in
dragging on the last legislative session, making it the longest on record.

``The House Republicans are a perfect case of what happens when a majority
splinters into factions,'' Luebke said. ``House Democrats understand the
importance of working together. Brubaker had a narrow majority in 1996, and he
had dissent in the early months of the 1997 session.

``I think with a more narrow majority than Democrats are used to having in the
past, we will benefit from a soft-spoken speaker,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated Press, MECKLENBURG LAWMAKER CHOSEN TO LEAD HOUSE:
N.C. state House Minority Leader Jim Black, D-Mecklenburg, (left) speaks with
former House Speaker and Rep. Dan Blue, D-Wake, during a meeting of Democratic
House members. Black was selected to be speaker of the House when the new
legislative session convenes on Jan. 27.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 The Durham Herald Co.


                              216 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 1, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SCHOOL TEST SCORES RISE FOR BLACKS IN MARYLAND

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 48, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 741 words

DATELINE: UPPER MARLBORO, Md., Jan. 31


Black students in a Maryland county school system that began a unusual
desegregation program two years ago have posted significant gains on national
standardized test scores, school officials say.

Black students in the third, fifth, and eighth grades in the Prince Georges
County public schools scored higher than ever before on the California
Achievement Test, which assesses student levels in mathematics, reading
comprehension and language, according to results made public earlier this month.
The scores on the test, given last fall, topped those of more than half of all
students tested nationally for each grade.

While the scores of white students also showed improvement, those of blacks rose
at a greater pace, narrowing the gap between blacks and whites - to 21 points in
1986 from about 25 in 1984 -and helping to improve the school system's overall
percentile ranking in the three grades.

Compensatory Program Cited

The school superintendent, John A. Murphy, attributed much of the improvement to
''a major effort to change the attitudes and perceptions of teachers toward
black youngsters.''

School officials cited a program begun two years ago in which schools in
predominantly black neighborhoods, deemed too far from white areas for busing,
were compensated with more money, resources and special programs. Class sizes
were decreased, students were given more texts, parents were permitted to take
home computers for their children, and teachers were told to set goals for
individual students and held accountable for progress.

Black third graders ranked in the 57th percentile, a gain of three points over
last year, while fifth graders ranked in the 54th percentile, a three-point
gain, and eighth graders ranked in the 56th percentile, seven points better than
last year.

The Prince Georges County school system, second largest in the Washington
metropolitan area and serves about 102,000 students, more than 60 percent of
whom are black.

Recent Desegration Program

The school system has been troubled by disputes over how to achieve racial
integration. In 1972, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People sued the schools. Two years ago, under a court order and at the direction
of Mr. Murphy, the county began a pilot desegregation program involving the
compensatory schools and magnet schools offering a variety of special
curriculums, including foreign-language immersion and special emphasis on
science and mathematics. Of the county's 171 schools, there are now 29 magnet
schools and 14 compensatory schools.

The scores of blacks showed the greatest improvement in the compensatory
schools. Third and fifth graders at 7 of the 10 compensatory elementary schools
improved their scores: Six points for the third graders, five points for the
fifth graders.

''We speculate that had all black students as a group improved their scores to
the degree that blacks in the compensatory schools did, our entire system would
be in the 75th percentile,'' said Brian J. Porter, a spokesman for the school
system.

Mr. Murphy has said his goal is to raise overall county test scores into the top
quarter by 1990. He said he hoped to isolate the factors that helped the
compensatory schools succeed add ''transfer whatever cost-effective programs we
have to other schools.''

Hope for More Money

State Senator Albert R. Wynn, whose district includes central Prince Georges
County, speculated that more money would be allotted to education in light of
the test scores and that the county's solution to desegregation problems might
be duplicated. But money, he said, was not a ''miracle solution.'' The scores
improved because a concerted effort was made to teach black children, he said,
something ''which hasn't happened before - we've got a long way to go.''

Prof. James M. McPartland of the Johns Hopkins University Education Research and
Development Center said in interview that the scores were encouraging, but that
a drift toward establishing compensatory programs rather than integrating
schools could have negative long-term effects on black students.

Minority students who attend integrated schools are more likely to adjust well
to adult life in the integrated mainstream, he said. ''Test scores are only one
outcome of the educational experience,'' Professor McPartland said. ''Money and
resources can't compensate for advantages and skills for dealing with later
life.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph of test scores for eigth grade students at Prince George students
from 1984 to 1986

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              217 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             August 4, 2006 Friday

Black: He met Decker but didn't offer money

BYLINE: Lynn Bonner, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 664 words


Aug. 4--House Speaker Jim Black was the Democrat who met with Michael Decker at
a Salisbury IHOP restaurant after the 2002 election to talk about Decker
supporting Black's effort to remain speaker.

Federal prosecutors said this week that the meeting led to a deal in which
Decker agreed to support Black for speaker in exchange for $50,000 and a
legislative job that went to Decker's son. Of $50,000, about $38,000 came
through checks and $12,000 came in cash, prosecutors said.

Prosecutors did not identify by name the person Decker met with.

Black's spokeswoman, Julie Robinson, confirmed Thursday that Black met with
Decker at the Salisbury restaurant.

But Black did not offer Decker money in exchange for his vote and knows nothing
about $12,000 in cash, Robinson said.

"Michael Decker, absolutely, is not telling the truth," she said.

Black has not been charged and has said he did nothing wrong.

Decker's attorney said this week that his client initiated the meeting.

In hearings before the State Board of Elections this year, Black acknowledged
helping Decker raise campaign money.

In his first statement since Decker's guilty plea, state Democratic Party
Chairman Jerry Meek said Thursday the charges are serious but cautioned against
the temptation "to jump to conclusions."

"Once the facts are known, I am confident that those involved will do what's
best for North Carolina," Meek said in a statement.

Prosecutors said much of the money given to Decker went into his campaign
account. It is not clear what happened to the cash.

In campaign reports filed with the State Board of Elections in 2003 and 2004,
Decker reports receiving contributions from unidentified donors, but most of
those contributors gave checks, said Kim Strach, a deputy elections director who
led the board investigation into Black's campaign contributions. Elections
investigators also examined Decker's records.

"We didn't see significant amounts of cash that went into his [Decker's]
campaign account," she said.

Elections officials and lawyers familiar with fundraising laws said there is no
legal way for one person to hand a politician a $12,000 cash donation.

"I don't think there's any way you can cover the legal bases with that kind of
money," said Bob Hensley, a former Democratic House member from Wake County.
Hensley helped the Democratic House caucus raise money in the early 1990s.

In 2003, individuals could make cash contributions of $100 or less. The
legislature this year decided to lower the limit to $50.

Campaigns are required to keep track of who gives cash contributions. They don't
have to routinely report the identity of cash donors to the State Board of
Elections but must turn over the information if asked.

"Cash contributions are the traditional way of hiding whether someone is
contributing too much money," said Michael Crowell, a Raleigh lawyer who handles
elections cases.

Cash donations are usually reported by campaigns that hold low-dollar
fundraisers, said Gary Bartlett, state elections director.

"When you're seeing large amounts of cash go somewhere, that's not good for
anyone," Bartlett said.

In his disclosure forms, Decker reported spending thousands of dollars on
hotels. Most of the hotel spending was on a Red Roof Inn in Raleigh, but he also
used the money to pay bills at Arizona, Alabama, Texas and Louisiana hotels.

Decker also spent $11.75 on a "meeting meal" at an IHOP in Winston-Salem in
March 2003, a few months after he became a Democrat.

Campaign finance reports show that Decker spent some of the money on a used
vehicle and a trip to Florida to pick it up.

This year, the legislature passed a law to limit use of campaign money for
personal expenses.

Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060804-RA-0804-Black-He-met-Decker-but-didn-t-offer-money

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                              218 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                             May 7, 2008 Wednesday

Police Beat

SECTION: RECORD; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 553  words


glen burnie

Man beaten

A man was beaten and robbed by four other men on Sunday. County police were
called Monday to the Baltimore Washington Medical Center after they received a
report that a patient was badly injured. The patient told officers that at
around 8 p.m. yesterday he was on Woodhill Drive when four black men, who were
about 20 years old, approached him and beat him with a stick and a handgun.

They took his license and money before running away, a news release from the
county Police Department stated.

Gas station robbed

The Oceanic Automotive Repair Center and Gasoline Station in Glen Burnie was
robbed Sunday night.

At 9:12 p.m., police received a report of a man who entered the store, walked
behind the counter and took money from the register.

The clerk, who was the only person working at the station, noticed that the
suspect was carrying a folding knife. The robber didn't threaten the clerk with
it, police said.

The hold up man then ran out of the store and got into an old, large pickup
truck that was driven by another man. The truck had stripes on the side.

They went west on Furnace Branch Road. Police searched the area but could not
find them. Police describe the robber as in his mid-20s to early 30s. The driver
is described only as a white man.

Gunpoint robbery

A man was attacked and robbed Saturday in Glen Burnie. At 11:45 p.m. police went
to the 8000 block of Winding Wood Road after they received a report of a
robbery.

A 25-year-old man told police that two men robbed him at gunpoint and beat him
up, injuring his face and head. They took his money and identification, then
drove away in a blue Mitsubishi driven by a third person, a county Police
Department news release said.

Police searched the area but did not find the suspects.

One of the suspects, a black man, was wearing a white shirt with red stripes,
and blue jeans during the robbery. The second suspect, a black man, was wearing
a black shirt and blue jeans. The driver is described in police reports only as
a black man.

Parking lot robbery

A man was robbed at the Chesapeake Square Shopping Center on Saturday night.

At 10:12 p.m., police met with the victim, an employee of the Dollar Tree, who
said two men robbed him as he walked to his car. One of the men had a gun and
said "Give me the money," a county Police Department news release said.

The victim told the suspects that he didn't have any money; it was in a safe in
the store. The suspects then demanded his wallet, which the victim gave. The
suspects then punched him in the face and ran away.

The suspects are both described as black men, in their late teens. During the
robbery they were both wearing black sweatshirts and jeans.

Gas station robbed

A man robbed a Linthicum gas station with a box cutter early Saturday morning.

At 12:34 a.m. police went to the BP gas station at 816 Nursery Road, where the
clerk told officers a man, asking for a drink refill, pulled out a box-cutter
and asking for money in the register, a county Police Department news release
said.

The clerk then gave the man an undisclosed amount of money.

The suspect was a white man, from 5 foot 8 inches, to 5 foot 10 inches tall,
weighing about 180 pounds. He has a medium build and short brown hair. During
the robbery he was wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt with white stripes and
blue jeans.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                          December 25, 2002 Wednesday
                              West Volusia Edition

Black women join ranks of police

BYLINE: Patricio G Balona Staff Writer

SECTION: NEIGHBORS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 454  words

DATELINE: DELAND


After 20 years without any black women officers, the DeLand Police Department
has hired two black women who were sworn in last week.

Bridget Giles and Latisha Pasley, who took law enforcement classes at the
Daytona Beach Community College Police Academy, are the city's first black
policewomen since the 1980s, when a black woman from Daytona Beach joined
DeLand's force, but only stayed a few weeks, said police spokeswoman Barbara
West.

Giles and Pasley will also go down in the department's history as the first
women whose training was paid for with federal Weed and Seed money, said Police
Chief William Anderson.

"It is the first police department in the country to use Weed and Seed money to
identify people in the community, train them as police officers and put them on
the streets," Anderson said.

Giles and Pasley, both 31 years old, began training in July, shortly after
DeLand got this year's Community Development Block Grant, said West. The federal
money is used with local funding to support minority recruitment program and the
Police Explorers program. The Explorers program is geared toward helping medium-
to low-income individuals within the community who wish to pursue a career in
law enforcement, Anderson said.

"The recruiting program targets Weed and Seed areas, in this case, Spring Hill,
to attract candidates who know the area," Anderson said. "It also increases the
number of minorities in the department who become tremendous assets."

Giles, born in DeLand and raised in Pierson, returned here from New York City
two years ago. She applied for a job with DeLand Police in July.

In New York, Giles was employed as a drug counselor. She believes the experience
of working with drug addicts has given her the ability to identify people with
drug problems, which she hopes will help her as a police officer.

"It definitely will help with the way I see people and it will also let the
people I am dealing with realize I am also a person wearing a police uniform,"
Giles said.

For her, becoming a police officer is something she had wanted for a while.

"My brother is a police officer with the Daytona Beach Police Department," Giles
said. "I have always wanted to be a police officer since I was 20."

Pasley, also a DeLand native, has a lot of knowledge of the city she will
patrol. She was a security guard at Stetson University for nine years. That
experience was greatly enhanced by the training she received at Daytona Beach
Community College, she said. Training ranged from patrol, traffic and legal
lessons to self-defense, weapons and human diversity classes.

"The diversity class was great," Pasley said. "Being in Florida, you're liable
to meet people from all backgrounds."

patricio.balona@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 PHOTOS
Caption: Photo 1: Bridget Giles Photo 2: Latisha Pasley

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                              220 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                    January 28, 2000, Friday, Final Edition

Ex-Aides Say Sheriff Knew of Hidden Cash

Craig Whitlock, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B09

LENGTH: 855 words


Two more former Prince George's County sheriff's officials have said that
Sheriff Alonzo Black had known for years about $ 45,000 in confiscated cash
hidden in a department safe. And, they said, Black had been charged personally
with finding a legal way to keep it.

Those allegations were first made last week by the man Black replaced in
December 1998, James V. Aluisi. Black's top deputy, Col. John E. Moss, said then
that the sheriff was unaware of the money and didn't know why the agency
concealed it from county auditors when they inspected the department's finances
early last year.

Black has not returned repeated phone calls asking him to comment on any role he
might have played in keeping the money, seized from a suspected drug dealer in
1993. The money was kept in a department property safe and was not reported to
county officials, as required by law, until December, when it was deposited in
the county treasury.

In fact, prior to the audit, the sheriff's office hadn't turned in any
confiscated cash for years, according to county finance officials. The audit
turned up $ 15,000 in other confiscated funds, which had been held in the same
property safe as the $ 45,000.

Black's spokesman, Cpl. Bill Ament, said no one in the sheriff's office would
comment because the issue was under investigation.

Three former sheriff's department officials said they and Black were in a 1993
meeting during which they debated what to do with about the $ 45,000 in cash.

"He knew about the money--most definitely," said Gerry R. Powers, who served 22
years as an assistant sheriff before retiring a year ago. "Al Black was given
the job of changing the law so we could keep [the cash]. He was fully aware of
what was going on."

Ernest Zaccanelli, another former assistant sheriff said: "Right is right and
you have to tell it the way it is. . . . Al Black was told to find out what
needed to be done to get us [the money]. I do remember that very, very vividly."

Powers, Zaccanelli and Aluisi said they were frustrated because legally they
could not keep the confiscated money and use it to increase their budget. In
Prince George's, all drug forfeiture funds are divided among the health
department, state's attorney's office and the county police--but none goes to
the sheriff. Aluisi has said he wanted to use the money to buy bulletproof vests
for his deputies.

Aluisi has said that he instructed Black, who was then the agency's legal
counsel, to lobby for legislation that would enable the sheriff's office to keep
the $ 45,000, as well as any other confiscated property.

The legislation never passed, but the sheriff's office kept the money anyway. A
tipster finally told auditors in November that the sheriff's department was
hiding $ 45,000 in confiscated funds.

Under Maryland law, law enforcement agencies must immediately turn in any
contraband cash--such as money seized from gamblers or drug dealers--to the
county treasury.

The sheriff's office began its probe last week, after The Washington Post first
asked questions about the money, which was seized by sheriff's deputies and FBI
agents on Feb. 18, 1993 during a raid in Oxon Hill. All charges against the
suspects in that case were later dropped after a judge ruled the search was
illegal.

There are conflicting accounts about exactly how much money was confiscated.
Some court records put the total at $ 45,653, although other court documents
give a slightly lesser figure: $ 45,638.

The sheriff's incident report from the raid, however, states that only $ 44,653
was taken--about $ 1,000 less. That's the amount that the sheriff's office
turned in to county officials on Dec. 6, 1999--a few weeks after auditors
discovered the money and ordered that it be handed over.

The money was hidden from the auditors when they first came to conduct an
inventory of the agency's cash, weapons, computers and other "fixed assets" a
year ago. Black, 54, who was elected sheriff in November 1998, ordered the audit
shortly after he took office to make sure there was no missing or
unaccounted-for property.

"An integral part of my campaign promise was to ensure that the Office of the
Sheriff would be run in an efficient, ethical manner," Black wrote in a Jan. 6,
1999 letter in which he requested the audit. "A cornerstone of this approach is
to start with a basic review of property . . . held by this Office."

Auditors completed their report in March 1999, but no one told them about the $
45,000 until November, when a sheriff's employee tipped them off that they had
been kept in the dark.

The whistleblower, Harold Irv Smith, a senior fiscal manager, was notified this
month that his job is being eliminated. Sheriff's officials have confirmed that
Smith was recently placed on administrative leave but declined to say why.

The auditors, who work for the Prince George's County Council, also found the
other $ 15,000 in other confiscated cash.

Sheriff's officials said they were holding onto the money until the courts could
rule on whether it had to be returned to the criminal suspects it was taken
from.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              221 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 12, 2003 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

LITTLE MUSEUM WITH A BIG AGENDA

BYLINE: Diane Toroian Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: A&E ; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 757 words


The newly installed elevator at the Black World History Museum leads to nowhere.
But to museum director Lois Conley, its shiny doors and illuminated buttons
symbolize the future.

"It shows that we are committed to this project and this neighborhood," said
Conley, who raised $160,000 in government grants to pay for the elevator. "We
have faith in what we are doing, but we have some obstacles."

The greatest may be distinguishing the Black World History Museum from the
African American History Museum, a $30 million project proposed by the Urban
League of Metropolitan St. Louis. Both organizations strive to celebrate the
art, history and culture of black Americans. But the similarities end there.

"There is a problem of confusion among the public about the two projects," said
Conley. "We need to explain who we are and what we want to do."

The elevator is the first phase of the museum's planned expansion. Soon, Conley
hopes to create new exhibition space on the second floor and office space and
storage on the lower level. The project's price tag is $2.5 million. That's big
money for a small institution, especially today when businesses, foundations and
families have less money to give. But Conley faces the extra obstacle of
mounting her campaign at the exact moment the Urban League is trying to raise
money for its project in Grand Center.

"I hope we will not suffer at the hands of the other museum," said Conley. "We
don't have any of the resources it has. We have a growing membership base, but
we have no endowment, no major supporters."

The Black World History Museum will celebrate it sixth anniversary next month.
When it debuted, it featured life-size wax sculptures of famous black Americans
who shared a Missouri connection. Today, it presents special exhibits on topics
as varied as the civil rights era to black hair. It draws about 28,000 visitors
annually and operates on a budget of $150,000.

Like the Black World History Museum, the Urban League plans to showcase black
Americans who have made a difference in Missouri and Illinois. It is trying to
raise $25 million for its project, which would be based in Grand Center and
attract 75,000 to 100,000 visitors annually.

James Buford, chief executive of the Urban League of Metropolitan St. Louis,
declined, through a spokeswoman, to discuss the museum, fund-raising efforts or
how the two museums will coexist. Conley says she has talked to Buford about her
concerns.

"He says that it was never his intent to do anything to be hurtful to the
museum," said Conley. "But St. Louis is a place where it's very difficult for
two of any of the same thing to function."

In the case of African-American museums, it's often difficult for even one to
thrive. Earl Moore, board member of the famed DuSable Museum of African American
History in Chicago, reports that many institutions across the country are
struggling to make ends meet.

"It's tough. People want these museums. African-American history is becoming a
part of today's life and people want to know about it," said Moore. "But when it
comes to the raising of dollars, it can be difficult."

He said the DuSable Museum must compete for money and attention with both
nonprofit groups that serve the black community and with large institutions like
the Field Museum or the Art Institute of Chicago. They frequently stage exhibits
that explore African or African-American life. The challenge, he says, is to
stand out.

"One African-American museum may not provide the same exhibitions and programs
as another," said Moore. "You have to differentiate yourself and what you can do
for the city."

Even then, is there enough money and interest to support two institutions?
Kenneth Sowell is unsure. Sowell, who long dreamed of creating a multi-

ethnic cultural district near the Scott Joplin House, abandoned those plans
after the Urban League announced its proposal.

"I think it's a definite struggle to raise the money," Sowell said. "And then,
once you do that, it's hard to maintain interest and support."

Conley says the Black World History Museum already has achieved that.

"The fact that we have existed without corporate support suggests the community
wants to support this project," said Conley. "The public has said, 'Why don't
you expand? We want to see more.' That tells me we should keep it going."

====

Black World History Museum

Where: 2505 St. Louis Avenue

Hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday through Saturday

How much: $5

More info: 314-241-7058

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Color PHOTO by KAREN ELSHOUT / POST-DISPATCH - Lois Conley,
Director of the Black World History Museum, ponders the impact of James Buford's
proposal for another black history museum in Grand Center.

TYPE: PROFILE; BLACK WORLD HISTORY MUSEUM

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              222 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 28, 2000, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Backers Struggle to Invigorate Black Patriots Memorial Plan

BYLINE: By REED ABELSON

SECTION: Section A; Page 15; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1018 words


Conceived as a way of giving the 5,000 black soldiers and sailors who fought in
the Revolutionary War their rightful place in the nation's history after
centuries of neglect, a memorial to honor them remains unbuilt. Fifteen years,
four presidents and four missed deadlines later, the charity created to erect
the memorial is $7 million short of the $8 million it needs by October to avoid
losing its choice site in Washington between the Lincoln Memorial and the
Washington Monument.

After years of missed opportunities and failed strategies, the Black
Revolutionary War Patriots Foundation has been unable to capture the public's
attention. Despite the early backing of General Motors, which remains a
supporter, the foundation seems to have lost the interest of other major
supporters like Philip Morris. The foundation's last major gift, $50,000 from
Ghana, was announced a year ago. Its leaders have proven overly optimistic about
their ability to raise money, all of which must come from private sources. The
minting of a commemorative coin, which was issued two years ago, for example,
raised only a fifth of the projected $5 million.

The foundation's board and its president, Wayne F. Smith, say they remain
committed to building the 90-foot-long curving bronze bas-relief that would
honor the black patriots, many of whom were slaves. "I'm absolutely convinced
that this memorial will happen," Mr. Smith said. "It's when, not if."

Building a monument in the nation's capital can take 10 years from start to
finish. Congress must authorize the memorial, whose location and design must
also pass muster with various planning agencies.  Some memorials with strong
political support receive money from the federal government, but many, like the
memorial for black patriots, must be financed with money from other sources to
cover the costs, including maintenance fees. All the money for the memorial must
be raised before work can start.

Twelve other memorials are awaiting completion in Washington.

Mr. Smith says he is disappointed by the foundation's lack of progress and
frustrated by his inability to persuade more people to give. "This is a kind of
lonely business," he said.

But the foundation's experience also underscores how a charity can seriously
underestimate what it takes to generate support. "We haven't done well with
well-intentioned and well-meaning people struggling away," conceded James
Granum, a foundation director.

While no memorial project has ever been denied more time, Congress is expected
to hold hearings next month on whether it should further amend the 1986
Commemorative Works Act to require projects to meet several conditions before
being given extensions, said John G. Parsons, a National Park Service official
who serves on the National Capital Planning Commission. "If there isn't public
support," Mr. Parson said, speaking generally, "let's move on."

The foundation's board plans to meet on Tuesday to discuss strategy.  Yet the
foundation has been slow to grasp some opportunities. It planned no major events
to coincide this year with Black History Month in February, Mr. Smith said, and
there are no major fund-raising events expected in the next few months.

"The results speak for themselves," said Maurice Barboza, one of the charity's
founders, who was ousted in 1992 as president because the foundation said it was
unhappy with his performance.

While defending his record since becoming president in 1996, Mr. Smith
acknowledged that he and the board must "fish or cut bait."

A compelling case can be made for a memorial to honor black patriots, long
ignored in history books. While some blacks sought their freedom by joining the
British, others fought alongside white soldiers. Crispus Attucks, for example,
who was depicted on the special coin issued two years ago, was an escaped slave
who was the first patriot to die in the Boston Massacre, in 1770, before the
war.

Austin Dabney, a slave from Georgia, was given his freedom for fighting in his
master's place. The Georgia Legislature awarded him 112 acres for his bravery.

"This is an extraordinary history that completes American history," said Mr.
Barboza, himself a Son of the American Revolution.

Although the foundation was distracted for some time by its differences with Mr.
Barboza, the cause finally appeared to gain some momentum in 1996 when General
Motors gave $1.5 million.

But the foundation's announcement in late 1996 that it had raised $3.7 million
since its inception proved overly optimistic because the foundation had included
such as yet unfulfilled promises as the one from Mayor Willie Brown of San
Francisco to raise $1 million. A spokesman for the mayor said Mr. Brown would be
happy to continue working with the foundation to raise money.

The foundation raised $1.5 million over the next three years, bringing its total
to $3.6 million, not including about $500,000 in pledges. It has spent all but
roughly $1 million of the money, about $800,000 on the actual development of the
memorial.

Meanwhile, many of the foundation's early supporters have drifted away, and the
foundation has had little luck replacing them. Philip Morris, which gave $50,000
in 1992, has moved on to other causes. DuPont pledged $50,000 the same year but
said it has not followed the progress of the project.

Some supporters of the memorial say the foundation has failed to get its message
across. "It's really been a problem of not communicating terribly effectively
about the memorial," said Karen Hastie Williams, a Washington lawyer who was
involved in the project early on but is not now.

Trying to to reinvigorate its efforts, the foundation has shaken up its board,
adding new directors, including members of the black clergy, who the foundation
hopes can help raise another $1 million from their congregations.

"I have faith if we work hard enough and redouble our efforts to get the right
kind of people involved, we can raise this money overnight," said Robert J.
Brown, a co-chairman of the board. "We're not talking a lot of money."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A commemorative coin did not raise as much money as expected for
the black patriots memorial. (United States Mint)


                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              223 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 28, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

Memorial funds set up

BYLINE: TANARA BOWIE

SECTION: COMMUNITY TIMES; AFRICAN-AMERICAN ELAN; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 411 words



Losing a child can be a heart rending experience, not only emotionally but  also
financially.

For Carlita and Tracy DeCosta that tragedy has been multiplied by four.  Their
children - Tracy J. DeCosta, 4, Chantel D. Douglas, 6, Tanika S.  Douglas, 7,
and Shaikra D. Douglas, 9 - died in the March 13 fire that  destroyed the
family's home. The children's babysitter, Carlton M. Johnson, a  father of two,
also died in the fire.

The early morning fire that took firefighters an hour to extinguish was  caused
by a pot left on the stove. A smoke detector in the kitchen had been
disconnected.

Concerned family, friends and community members have set up memorial funds  at
Barnett Bank, Sulphur Springs Elementary School where the children attended  and
Aikens Funeral Home.

Part of the money donated to the school will be used for a memorial tree  and
plaque for the children. Please send money to the school at 8412 N 13th  St.

The funeral home is accepting donations for headstones for the children.  Money
should be sent to 4002 N 28th St.

Barnett Bank is asking that money be sent in care of Lawrence Johnson, the
children's uncle, to the bank at 1933 E Hillsborough Ave.  Black alumni to be
honored

Two area graduates from historically black colleges and universities have  been
honored by their respective alma maters as outstanding alumni and will  receive
citations at a conference in Washington, D.C., on April 3.

Juel Shannon Smith, director of the Institute on Black Life at the  University
of South Florida, was nominated by Langston University in Langston,  Ohio, where
she received her bachelor's of science in science in education.  Smith also has
advanced degrees including a doctorate from USF.

Paul R. Wiggins, vice president of SunBank's Credit Department, was  nominated
by Florida Memorial College in Miami. He received his bachelor's of  science
degree from the college. He is a board member at FMC. "It's a good  feeling when
you're recognized by your alma mater," he said.

African-American Elan is a look at the people, organizations and events in the
Black community of Tampa and Hillsborough County. Members of the community are
invited to deliver or mail their news to Tanara Bowie, Community Times, 1000 N
Ashley Drive, Suite 700, Tampa, FL 33602, or fax it to him at 226-3381.
Deadline for the news is seven working days before the event. All events must
be open to the public.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: COMMUNITY TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); PAUL WIGGINS; JUEL SMITH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              224 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 9, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Caution stifles black investors, survey says

BYLINE: Lorrie Grant

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 218 words


One of the best bull markets in history is charging right past
African-Americans.

And black households with incomes of $ 50,000 and up are not as
prepared for retirement as their white counterparts.

A study released Wednesday says blacks forgo the higher risk,
and higher return, of the stock market largely because they don't
think they know enough to invest, and they don't trust financial
advisers.

Instead, they use more conservative investments, such as real
estate and insurance.

About 46% of blacks said real estate is the best investment overall,
vs. 32% of whites; 50% of whites and 32% of blacks said stocks
are best.

Because they save less and invest more conservatively, blacks
have less retirement savings: $ 42,000, vs. $ 88,000 for whites,
according to the study by Yankelovich Partners for Ariel Mutual
Funds and Charles Schwab.

Other differences;

-- 51% of whites said they have most of their money in brokerage
or mutual fund accounts, vs. 26% of blacks; 41% of blacks said
they have most of their money in banks, vs. 35% for whites.

-- Of those with household incomes of $ 100,000 or more, 38% of
blacks do not own any stocks, vs. 22% of whites.

-- 19% of blacks, vs. 33% of whites, say they know what they
need to about investing.


LOAD-DATE: April 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              225 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 9, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Black Officials' Boycott Paralyzes Arkansas City

BYLINE: By ADAM NOSSITER

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 973 words

DATELINE: WEST HELENA, Ark., Jan. 4


The black side of town does not have a name, though it has some distinctive
features: the muddy ditches, for instance, wide and deep enough to challenge
bored children, or the clumps of abandoned tires and the dirty, ripped
mattresses strewn by the roadside.

"Look at our community," said Eddie Lee, a member of the City Council, gesturing
disgustedly at the trash on the road. The difference between these streets and
the neat ones on the white side of town irks Alderman Lee. And because of this
and other grievances, he and three black colleagues on the Council stalked out
of City Hall nearly a year ago and have not returned.

Since then, the four white aldermen and the white Mayor in this eastern Arkansas
city of 10,000 people, half black and half white, have been meeting regularly,
and futilely. They wait for 30 minutes, hoping the boycotters will show up, and
then adjourn for lack of a quorum. The Mayor can cast a deciding vote when there
is a 4-to-4 tie, as had usually been the case, but his presence does not count
toward a quorum.

West Helena has not been able to pass a budget, or renew the property tax that
provides money to pave the streets and run the city. Payroll checks have been
delayed, and five of the city's 30 police officers have resigned, along with
their chief.

Alderman Earnest Simpson, who is a black, said he and his colleagues would not
return until they received "equal treatment, fair treatment, fair disbursement
of funds."

People all over town, especially on the white side, wonder when they will have a
municipal government again.

"We're just praying these fellows will come on back," said Freeland Johnson.

The standoff has all the earmarks of one of the region's classic racial
confrontations, in its bloodless late-20th-century version. It is a dialogue of
the blind and the deaf, with whites blind to the age-old squalor of the black
side, and blacks deaf to white anger over the engineered paralysis of municipal
government.

West Helena is a plain city, a gritty, early-20th-century industrial adjunct to
the old Mississippi River port of Helena, about 60 miles southwest of Memphis.
City Hall is barely 50 yards from railroad tracks and a cement plant.

Especially plain is the black side of town, where a large chemical factory looms
over cinder-block cottages, weathered wood houses with faint reminders of paint,
and the ubiquitous ditches, some knee-high with water. Sidewalks are rare. A
forlorn, rusty swing stands in a small park hard by a sawmill. There are few
trees in the muddy park, and no people, unlike in the well-groomed municipal
golf course on the white side of town, where trim houses sit on carefully tended
lots.

Some whites do not appear to see what is so apparent to the blacks.

"First thing they hit us with, we got to have a sidewalk up on all the streets
in the African part of town," Alderman Bruce King, who is white, said. "It had
never been part of the budget."

Mayor Riley Porter, with anger in his voice, said, "We're not dealing with any
rational ----." He broke off, then added: "There's no reason for any of this.
Democracy requires you to meet and vote your convictions. You can't hold your
city hostage."

Despite what everyone in West Helena refers to as "the mess," life goes on, with
whites in downtown stores waiting politely on blacks who come in to look at gold
rings or to buy ice cream cones. Whites and blacks mingle in the fish store, on
front porches and in the chemical plants.

In public, the tone is muted.

"They need to come to some kind of conclusion; maybe this year they will," said
Homer Williams, a black railroad welder, smiling broadly as he pulled a boat
into his driveway.

Mr. Williams said he firmly backed the black aldermen's goals.

"They could put more money in our neighborhood," he said. "Do one like the
other."

Mr. Williams is not alone in supporting the boycott; none of the boycotting
black aldermen were opposed in the election two months ago.

Whites here seem baffled by that fact, as they are by the sudden black anger
over longstanding conditions on the other side of West Helena. Officials deny
there is a difference in financing because the property tax is the basis of city
revenues. The black aldermen say decisions on spending money favor whites
because Mayor Porter sides with the white aldermen in his tie-breaking votes.

Two months ago, the Mayor, in a gesture of conciliation, promised money for
"neglected areas." But, Mr. Simpson said, he angered the boycotters by
rephrasing their original demand in a note he sent during negotiations.

Money is not the only issue here.  There is also talk of a black conspiracy.

"They're just steady pushing to get blacks in all elected offices," Alderman
King said.

Some residents say the blacks are led by a fiery local state representative,
Jimmie L. Wilson.

"It's a known fact that he's the key figure behind all this," said Skeet Seaton,
a barber.

Mr. Wilson, a Democrat from Helena, is not popular among whites here. Among
other pronouncements, he has vowed to halt the popular blues festival in Helena,
calling it a "rip-off of the black culture."

But his racially charged statements sound oddly out of place in this generally
low-key dispute. During an interview with Alderman Lee last week, Mr. Wilson
showed up to say that "in any struggle of this nature somebody has to usually
die."

"What will happen is, there will be some type of violent confrontation," Mr.
Wilson said.

But Alderman Lee and the other black aldermen seem to be preoccupied by
something much less tangible than their opponents' blood.

"We don't control anything," said Alderman Lee, a Vietnam War veteran and
retired electronic technician. "Every time we try do something, they throw a
stumbling block. We're not respected as black Council members."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Two prominent black politicians in West Helena, Ark., are Eddie
Lee, left, an alderman, and State Representative Jimmie L. Wilson; Open ditches
that line streets in the black neighborhoods of West Helena, Ark., are a sign
that blacks are not sharing equally in city services with whites, say the city's
four black aldermen. (Photographs by Rollin Riggs for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              226 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              April 2, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Black farmers still waiting for settlement cash

BYLINE: William M. Welch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 405 words


Nearly two months since the administration announced a $1.2 billion agreement to
settle decades-old racial discrimination claims against the Department of
Agriculture, the nation's black farmers are still looking for the money.

And the checks are not in the mail.

A March 31 deadline in the federal court agreement passed without Congress
providing the money that is to be paid to thousands of farmers. The missed
deadline does not end the settlement but does allow the farmers to reopen the
class-action lawsuit.

"The black farmers are not willing to engage in an indefinite waiting game,"
John Boyd, president of the National Black Farmers Association, said Thursday.

Boyd said he was disappointed the administration had not secured the money from
Congress. "We need more of a commitment" from President Obama to back up the
agreement with cash, Boyd said.

"We want the administration to do what they said they were going to do," Boyd
said. "This has been a very, very long, drawn-out battle. There's been a lot of
empty promises made to the black farmers."

Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack said the administration "remains dedicated" to
securing money from Congress to pay the farmers to end a long-running case in
which the department acknowledged a history of discrimination against black
growers.

"I have met with and talked to key stakeholders and members of Congress
reiterating the administration's ongoing efforts to close this chapter in the
history of the department," Vilsack said.

Obama requested money for the settlement in his fiscal 2010 and 2011 budget. The
administration asked for a direct appropriation but is also exploring other
options with Congress, such as redirecting existing funds.

Boyd said farmers were trying to be patient but many face spring planting costs
and are looking for government payments in the case to help keep their
operations afloat. Boyd said black farmers were keeping open the "option of
walking away from the settlement at any time during the next 60 days" if there
is no progress in Congress.

The settlement would provide a second round of damages from a lawsuit the
government first settled in 1999. The government paid out more than $1 billion
to 16,000 black farmers. The agreement is aimed at providing money for thousands
more who were left out of the first round of payments because they missed filing
deadlines. The size of the award to individual farmers has yet to be determined.


LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 17, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Black Mayors Protest Being the Focus of a Federal Housing Inquiry

BYLINE: By MICHAEL JANOFSKY

SECTION: Section A; Page 16; Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 937 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, April 16


A decision by the Administration's chief housing investigator to examine Federal
housing and economic development programs in three cities has touched off
protests from black mayors around the country, some of whom have called the move
racially motivated.

It has even provoked criticism from Andrew M. Cuomo, the Secretary of Housing
and Urban Development, whose efforts to weed out waste and corruption from
Federal housing programs have not progressed fast enough to suit some members of
Congress.

This year, the housing department's inspector general, an Administration
appointee who reports directly to Congress, selected Baltimore, New Orleans and
San Francisco as targets of the Urban Fraud Initiative, a $9.2 million
investigation financed by Congress.

The effort was born out of concern among Republican lawmakers on Capitol Hill
that public housing officials in larger cities might be misspending money that
the cities receive through Federal housing and economic development programs.

But in making the selection, the inspector general chose cities with Democratic
black mayors and black housing chiefs, overlooking much larger cities like New
York, Los Angeles, Chicago and Philadelphia, which have larger housing
departments and white mayors.

"We are furious about this," Emanuel Cleaver, the Mayor of Kansas City, Mo., and
president of the bipartisan National Conference of Black Mayors, said today from
the group's annual conference in New Orleans. "We don't believe it is accidental
that the targets are Democrats, and I don't think we are naive enough to believe
that skin color was not a factor."

Susan Gaffney, the inspector general, denied that politics or race played any
role in her choice. But she declined to say more until "everything is pinned
down."

Her action has not only struck a nerve with the Mayors of two of the targeted
cities -- Kurt L. Schmoke of Baltimore and Marc Morial of New Orleans -- and
senior housing department officials. It has also rattled the delicate
relationship between the housing department and big cities trying to solve the
complex problems of providing decent housing for low-income people.

The mayors and housing officials say that targeting cities with black mayors for
an investigation that could take three years would stifle efforts to improve
housing in those cities and would create a perception that blacks and other
minorities are incapable of operating agencies free of waste and corruption.

"I have serious misgivings about this effort," Mr. Cuomo said. "We have 900
cities in this nation. Of most importance is whether the selection method is
grounded in facts and data so that it cannot be attacked as arbitrary or
political."

Or, as Ms. Gaffney's most vocal critic among the three mayors suggested, racial.

"Race as an issue is involved here," Mr. Schmoke said. "It may be secondary. But
I just don't understand why the largest housing authorities in cities with white
mayors get a pass."

The idea for an investigation grew out of a 1995 visit by Representative Jerry
Lewis, Republican of California, to the Desire Homes in New Orleans, once
regarded as one of the worst public housing projects in the country for neglect
caused by mismanagement of money. Mr. Lewis, chairman of the housing
subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee, said he returned to
Washington with a central question: How widespread are problems of fraud and
corruption among public housing around the country?

Convinced that oversight policies under Mr. Cuomo were insufficient, Mr. Lewis's
subcommittee set aside money for Ms. Gaffney to develop a program using auditors
and Federal investigators to examine how big cities were spending Federal
housing money and managing the programs.

"We wanted to make sure that taxpayer dollars designed to provide assistance to
the poorest of the poor get to the people they are intended to help," Mr. Lewis
said this week.

While conceding that his experience in New Orleans might have persuaded Ms.
Gaffney to include that city, Mr. Lewis said neither he nor the subcommittee
played any role in suggesting suggested Baltimore or San Francisco. He also
defended Ms. Gaffney against accusations of racial motivation, saying, "There is
little doubt in my mind she has no racial bones in her body."

He said, no final determination had been made as to which cities would be
investigated, asserting that Ms. Gaffney's selections were "recommendations" and
that the subcommittee might consider other cities.

While Mr. Cleaver said mayors at the conference were "smoking mad" about the
issue, it was Mr. Schmoke who suggested that race might have been a factor in
Ms. Gaffney's selections. In a letter this week to President Clinton, Mr.
Schmoke said he was "particularly concerned that all three cities are led by
African-American officials" and that the absence of apparent objective criteria
for selection by Ms. Gaffney raised questions about Mr. Clinton's notion of "one
America."

Beyond race as a motive, Mr. Schmoke, Mr. Morial and Mr. Cleaver expressed
concerns that Ms. Gaffney's selections reflected the desire of Republican
lawmakers to discredit Democratic housing programs, a charge Mr. Lewis strongly
denied.

Mr. Morial said: "I'm outraged and offended. This smells, looks, walks, talks
and acts like a blatant partisan effort. Willie, Kurt and I are very
high-profile Mayors, and this is just another political fishing trip."

He was referring to Mayor Willie L. Brown of San Francisco, whose spokeswoman
said he "welcomes an audit and anything that shows us ways to be more
efficient."

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mayor Kurt L. Schmoke of Baltimore called race an issue in a
Federal housing investigation. (Marty Katz for The New York Times)


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              228 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                     January 19, 2000 Wednesday 2D EDITION

Remodeling splits Black Hawk council Funds misused, members allege

BYLINE: By George Lane, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1198 words


BLACK HAWK - Alderman George Armbright used $ 116,000 in  historic-preservation
money to more than double the size of his  modest Black Hawk home, and he is
being chastised for how he spent  some of the money.

However, Armbright said he faces possible expulsion from the  city council next
week not because he misused the  historic-preservation money, as charged, but
because he objected  to alleged shady deals of other members of the city
council.

'There are three councilmen in this city who have made  millions of dollars with
what's gone on in this city,' Armbright  said recently. 'And then, there's three
councilmen that haven't  made a dime other than the (historic-preservation)
money.'

Armbright was referring to a transaction involving the land  for the town post
office and land adjacent to it that was owned by  three aldermen. He said that
the site for the new post office was  improved legally with city money but that
adjacent land was done  without proper permitting.

The city has declined to discuss Armbright's allegations.

Following a request from Armbright, the district attorney for  Gilpin County and
the Colorado Bureau of Investigation are  conducting an 'inquiry' into Black
Hawk's Historic Architectural  Review Commission program, which receives money
from gambling  revenues. That inquiry - which is not a criminal investigation -
  could result in a grand jury investigation if wrongdoing is found,  said
District Attorney Dave Thomas, who oversees Gilpin County and  the entire 1st
Judicial District.

Armbright, a former Black Hawk town marshal and once a police  officer in
Central City, Chicago and Peoria, Ill., faces a Jan. 26  hearing before the city
council on charges that he either misused  or failed to provide documentation on
how he spent $ 24,980 in  historic-preservation money he was granted last March.
He also is  accused of intimidating city employees and threatening to have the
city manager and several city staffers fired because they insisted  that he
clear up the matter.

Armbright recently showed off improvements made to his  'crackerbox' house on
Hillside Street to a Denver Post reporter  and photographer. The house, which
started out as a cramped,  945-square-foot dwelling, now has a spacious addition
with a  $ 2,600 bathroom and another bathroom with a shower lined with  natural
mountain rock. The house has 2,100 square feet of living  space.

Originally, Armbright planned to restore an old house next  door and join it to
his own. But, he said, preservation engineers  said the old house was in such
bad shape that an addition was  called for.

Asked if he thought an addition to his house and modern  bathrooms should be
paid for with historic-preservation money, the  alderman said, 'I don't see why
not.'

Under state law - passed after Colorado voters approved  gambling for Black
Hawk, Central City and Cripple Creek in 1990 -  buildings qualify as historic if
they were built before World War  I. The law specifies that work can include
excavation,  stabilization, restoration, rehabilitation and reconstruction.

Armbright said city officials admitted that some of the HARC  grants he received
were 'a blunder.'

So far, Armbright said, he has spent about $ 116,000 in  preservation money and
$ 65,000 in borrowed money to improve his  house. But some other elected
officials have spent more than twice  that amount on their homes, as well
profiting in other ways from  the town's 9-year-old gambling industry, he said.

The CBI reported to the state Senate last year that elected  officials had spent
almost $ 1 million of Black Hawk's  historic-preservation money fixing up their
own homes but said no  laws were broken. Black Hawk city officials followed up
with an  internal audit that found discrepancies with the files of George  and
Linda Armbright and Alderman Kathy Doles.

Armbright said the problems were primarily record-keeping  errors that have been
resolved.

Armbright said he joined with Aldermen Al Price and Doles in  asking City
Manager Lynnette Hailey to resign not because of  confusion with the historic
preservation but because Hailey had a  special relationship with Alderman Dave
Spellman and had supported  Spellman and two other council members in activities
he thought  were improper.

Specifically, he cited Spellman and Aldermen Tom Kerr and Hal  Midcap and a
company they own called Black Hawk Development North.  The company owns land
that in 1998 was improved with city money to  make it suitable for the temporary
location of the post office  after the post office lost its building to casino
expansion.

Armbright supported the post office deal and said the  improvements were done
properly with the required permits for  engineering and excavation and drainage
reports. However, he  contends that land adjacent to the post office site, also
owned by  his three fellow council members, was improved for future  development
but without the proper permits.

When asked about the permits, both Spellman and the city  declined to discuss
whether they were proper or not. The city said  it would not discuss allegations
made by Armbright while his case  before the city council is pending.

Last fall, Armbright received a letter from City Planner Bryce  Matthews asking
that he document how he spent $ 24,980 in  preservation funds. He said he
ignored that letter, dated Nov. 10,  and another sent Dec. 2 because he had
already provided the  documents once and didn't think the city planner or the
preservation board had a right to order anything from him.

'First of all, I'm a city councilman,' he said. 'This is a  citizen's problem,
not an alderman's. ... Only the city council  can order me to do anything. And
even then, that's up for grabs.  So, I held out.'

Armbright produced copies of canceled checks and other  documents indicating the
work had been done and sent a check for  $ 8,950 in unspent money to his
attorney on Dec. 30 after he  received a third letter from Matthews indicating
that the demands  then were being made by city council.

However, that letter came after the council had taken action  to hire a special
prosecutor and scheduled the Jan. 26 hearing to  decide if Armbright should be
removed from council.

Armbright countered by writing letters to District Attorney  Thomas, state
Senate President Norma Anderson and the CBI, asking  for investigations into
Black Hawk's historic preservation  program, including his file and the post
office deal. Thomas, in a  Jan. 3 letter to Armbright, said that he asked the
CBI to work  with investigators from his office on an 'initial inquiry' of the
preservation program.

When asked about the inquiry, CBI Agent Bob Brown confirmed  that 'we are in the
process of doing that right this moment.'

Asked if the inquiry is to include a look at the Black  Hawk post office deal,
Brown said, 'I'm not going to comment on  that. But that that has always been an
interest to the CBI.'

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Denver Post /John Prieto Alderman George Armbright is shown
with the Black Hawk home he expanded and remodeled with historic-preservation
money. Using historic-preservation money, Alderman George Armbright more than
doubled the size of his original home in Black Hawk and installed a $ 2,600
bathroom.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 10, 1983, Sunday, Final Edition

The Money-Changers: At the Root of It All

BYLINE: By Gary Pomerantz, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Sports; F1

LENGTH: 1368 words


Over the last decade, money has done more than make the sports world go 'round.

It has made it spin off its axis.

Perhaps the genesis of the spinout dates to 1975, when a baseball pitcher named
Andy Messersmith helped establish something called free agency, sports' version
of the Big Bang, which blew salary sanity to smithereens. More likely, there
were other contributing factors, too.

Now, sports rotates on the axis of change.

"Things do not change," Thoreau once wrote. "We do."

If that be the case in sports, change over the last decade can be understood in
one clear-cut way: those involved in sports no longer want only money. Now, they
want money, then more money.

"People expect athletics to be different," says John Thompson, Georgetown
University basketball coach. "It is 'the sacred ground that you don't tread on.'
This is a myth in our society."

Over the next five days, the sports staff of The Washington Post will examine
what has prompted the recent change in American sports and will focus on what
the future holds. And what it holds is money.

Money. Money. Money.

ABC paid $225 million to televise the 1984 summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
Criticized for what many considered to be an outrageous price, the network
proceeded to sell 90 percent of its advertising for $650 million.

Further consider that major league baseball this year signed a six-year $1.2
billion television contract with NBC. And now, Pete Rozelle, NFL commissioner,
eagerly awaits 1987, when his league's current five-year $2.1 billion television
contract is up for renewal. Likely, the new contract will have enough digits to
reach the planet Neptune.

"If you're prepared to invest your money, sports is an area where you know you
will get a quality product, and a product that rates well," says Neal Pilson,
president of CBS Sports, explaining the network theory of "Survival of the
Fittest."

With the television megabucks generated by their services, players of all sports
have decided that they want their cuts. So when such players as the Philadelphia
76ers' Moses Malone ($2 million per year) and New Jersey Generals' Herschel
Walker ($1.3 million per year) and the New York Yankees' Dave Winfield ($2
million a year) got their cuts in the form of salaries as massive as their
talents, other players wanted a cut, too.

Enter unionization, formed in baseball and football in the 1950s, gaining
strength in the '60s. Enter strikes two decades later.

Enter change in sports.

"The reason sports unions have developed is that a union has shown it can change
things; an individual against a monopoly just doesn't have a chance," says Ed
Garvey, former executive director of the NFL Players Association. "Management is
growing by leaps and bounds. The unions are just inching along.

Finishing his point, if not his sentence, Garvey adds, "If athletes in different
sports would sit down and realize what could be done with all sports organized
under one umbrella . . . "

Money. Money. Money.

Nearly every day, it seems, the headlines announce how another sports
hero--often with a new million-dollar contract--has fallen to alcohol or drug
abuse or been convicted of a crime. Baseball players such as Darrell Porter and
Bob Welch admitted to being alcoholics; Dodgers pitcher Steve Howe was recently
fined $54,000 after he was admitted to a rehabilitation center for the second
time within a year because of cocaine abuse.

Don Reese, a former Miami Dolphins' player, last year told Sports Illustrated
that the NFL has a serious problem with cocaine abuse among players. The
Baltimore Colts' Art Schlichter recently was suspended indefinitely for building
a $389,000 gambling debt.

Meanwhile, Quintin Dailey, star guard on the University of San Francisco
basketball team, admitted sexually assaulting a woman last year; USF
investigated, located many irregularities in the program and terminated its
basketball program (although more because of alumni abuses than anything related
to the assault incident); Dailey signed with the NBA's Chicago Bulls, only to
encounter fan abuse, develop problems and require psychological help.

"To have so much so young," says Red Auerbach, general manager of the Boston
Celtics. "Well, maybe when you get older you can handle it. But when you get a
college kid coming out and making $400,000 or $500,000, he just doesn't
understand it. He doesn't know what to do . . . The players are heroes to people
and people are always trying to show them a good time."

"Fifteen years ago, you used to be able to show kids examples of the pro players
they should be like," says Morgan Wootten, longtime basketball coach at De Matha
High in Hyattsville. "Now, you tell them about the players who they should not
be like."

"We all have high expectations of what perfection should be. But is there the
perfect person or the perfect athlete?" wonders Steve Garvey, the San Diego
Padres' first baseman. "Everyone wants to think of the athlete as the pure
essence; they are the ultimate of strong minds and strong bodies. People want a
sort of Camelot.

"But there will be 8 or 9 percent of society that has problems with alcohol or
drugs and there is no reason not to expect that the same percentage will filter
into sports."

Where have you gone Joe DiMaggio? People are really starting to wonder.

Money. Money. Money.

We hear of high school stars accepting college recruiters' cars and money under
the table. We hear of forged transcripts and of athletes graduating from college
barely able to read.

Often, these things occur because colleges are searching for the players who can
help them get the money an appearance in a bowl game or NCAA final four might
bring. Education?

Some call it cheating.

"I believe people cheat because their egos are so involved," says Dick Dull,
University of Maryland athletic director. "I don't think they cheat just to
avoid the soup line . . . A coach is a competitive person because all through
his previous existence, he's wanted to succeed above anybody else. That's the
reason, I think, that you have cheating."

In an effort to assure that high school athletes can cope with college courses,
Proposition 48 was proposed to the NCAA. This rule--to be implemented in
1986--requires that incoming freshmen, in order to be eligible for college
sports, must have 2.0 grade-point averages on a 4.0 scale in "core curriculum"
courses (such as math and English), as well as 700 combined scores on the SAT
verbal and math sections or composite scores of 15 on the American College
Testing (ACT) test.

Some insist that this proposal discriminates against black athletes, because
standardized tests favor the predominant culture. Others, such as Maryland
football Coach Bobby Ross, say of it: "We have got to make sure players have
opportunities in the job market beyond the idea of just graduating."

Proposition 48 provides Exhibit A of what happens when ethics collide with the
pursuit of money in sports. Finding a suitable compromise is not easy.

Money. Money. Money.

Somehow, change sidesteps some parts of sports. While some amateur athletes in
America receive both over- and under-the-table payments (most notably in skiing
and in track and field), others with Olympic aspirations in the less
publicized-sports must scratch for survival.

"I believe very much in the amateur ideal," says Dick Rader, a former modern
pentathlete who is now helping train pentathlete Mike Storm of Arlington, Va.,
for the Los Angeles Games. "I'd rather have the Olympic movement stay totally
amateur, but I also think the world has changed a lot. It's extremely difficult,
almost impossible, for athletes to win gold medals unless they get the money."

Change, in a way, has also sidestepped blacks in sports. While blacks dominate
the rank of the athletes, few move on to management positions.

Some blame racism. Others blame the lack of role models for black youths or say
there are few black applicants. Whatever, the money is there. The blacks aren't.

"What we find," says Harry Edwards, professor of sociology at Cal-Berkeley, "is
that blacks have less and less access as coaching salaries continue to
escalate."

Money. Money. Money.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              230 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Black seeks dismissal of two convictions; 'Deceptive affidavit'

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO - Conrad Black's lawyers have filed a motion asking to have his
remaining convictions dismissed on the basis prosecutors "intentionally
deprived" the former media baron of his right to an attorney.

The request, filed Monday in a U.S. district court, centres on law enforcement's
seizure of proceeds from the sale of his New York apartment, which Lord Black
bought from his company Hollinger in 2000 for US$3-million and later sold for
US$9-million.

His lawyers argue prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two warrants to seize
the assets by concealing information that would have undermined their case for
taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for US$9-million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale was not
available, his lawyers argue that denied him his right to counsel.

"Conrad Black was intentionally deprived of his right to the counsel of his
choice by knowing of false statements made to the courts by the government as to
its right to seize property," lawyer William Kane argues in the filings.

"The deceptive affidavit in support of the pre-indictment seizures of Mr.
Black's assets spun a tale of fraud surrounding the purchase and transfer of the
Manhattan apartment by and between Mr. Black and his company as a basis for
seizing the apartment proceeds."

The filing accuses prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims Lord Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a purchase
price of US$3-million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had paid for
it initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Carolyn Gurland, one of Lord Black's lawyers, said Monday the government knew
Lord Black had put US$4.6-million of his own money into the apartment, thereby
raising his investment in it to US$7.6-million, but didn't include documents
that reflected that.

Lord Black, who was released from prison last month, would be cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his lawyers' request is successful. The request will
be heard by Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge who presided over Lord
Black's initial fraud charges.

The filing states that while it is too late to "turn back the clock" and allow
Lord Black access to his chosen lawyers, but not too late to overturn his
convictions.

That would allow Lord Black to defend himself in his continuing legal battle
with the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission and allow him to return to the
U.S.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 14, 2005 Thursday
                                National Edition

There's more at stake than the Stanley Cup

BYLINE: Scott Stinson, National Post

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 611  words


WINNER GARY BETTMAN

With the possible exception of baseball commissioner Bud Selig, no sports
executive has been more heavily criticized in recent years than the NHL boss.

But he has done what many thought impossible: force a salary cap on a union that
said it would never accept one. Bettman must now hope that the new economic
system covers up the many mistakes of his reign, notably expansion to the Deep
South.

LOSER BOB GOODENOW

How can the union leader portray this to his membership as anything other than a
colossal failure? The players could have accepted a more lucrative deal months
ago, but they gambled that the owners would crumble before cancelling a season.

The owners held firm, and the players lost a season's earnings that they will
never get back.

WINNER CBC

Finally, the public broadcaster will be able to resurrect its flagship Hockey
Night in Canada program.

LOSER MOVIE BUFFS

Viewers who became accustomed to CBC showing good Hollywood films on Saturday
nights will curse the return of HNIC.

WINNER CALGARY FLAMES

It was only a matter of time before superstar Jarome Iginla left small-market
Calgary for the riches of, say, New York or Toronto. In the new era, the Flames
will not have to fear a deep-pocketed team money-whipping one of their prize
free agents into a daze.

Other winners in this vein include Edmonton, Pittsburgh and any other
small-market team that has for years essentially been a feeder team for the big-
money owners.

LOSER TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS

Money has long been the salve for a wounded franchise that has been unable to
produce top-flight talent consistently. They have instead remained competitive
by giving big contracts to aged veterans (see Belfour, Ed). That dog won't hunt
anymore.

WINNER TORONTO AND OTHER BIG-MARKET OWNERS

Teams like the Leafs, the Detroit Red Wings and Philadelphia Flyers will have
little trouble raking in cash, and now they have fixed costs. Profits are sure
to increase.

WINNER TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS FANS (TENTATIVE)

The old way of doing business has given fans many playoff teams, but no Stanley
Cups since 1967. Now, when Mark Messier's agent calls to see if he can sucker
the Leafs into a one-year, $3.5-million deal, the team will have to say no.
Despite themselves.

WINNER SIDNEY CROSBY

The phenom faced the prospect of playing for a team in the Swiss hockey league,
not exactly a breeding ground for the stars of tommorow. Instead Crosby will not
only play in the NHL, but it looks like he will have a chance to play for a
big-market team such as Montreal, Toronto or Detroit, thanks to a draft lottery.

LOSER SIDNEY CROSBY

The NHL may beat Switzerland, but if the lockout had never happened Crosby would
be fixing to put his signature on a contract that would have paid him something
in the neighbourhood of $15-million. Instead, he'll get $850,000 a year.

LOSER WHOEVER THE 2004 ROOKIE OF THE YEAR WOULD HAVE BEEN

Mike Richards? Jeff Carter? Alexander Ovechkin? Somewhere, there's a very good
young player who would have had been the toast of the league in his inaugural
season, but will instead be overshadowed by Crosby.

LOSER THE DRAFT CLASSES OF 2004 AND 2005

Since there was no draft last year, this year's will include a double cohort of
players. Double the competition -- but the same number of teams -- so many
players will be drafted much lower than they would otherwise have been.

LOSER JAROMIR JAGR

He was due to earn $10-million from the New York Rangers, now scaled back to
$7US.5-million. But that would be almost a quarter of the Rangers payroll under
the new deal, so expect him to be bought out for a lot less. Dozens of highly
paid star players will likely find themselves in similar predicaments.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: J.P. Moczulski, Reuters; The Stanley Cup sits in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
A tentative deal between NHL players and owners could end the lockout.; Black &
White
Photo: WINNERS: Flames can hold on to prize free agents...; Black & White
Photo: Wayne Cuddington, CanWest News Service; ...Crosby will play for a
big-market team...; Black & White
Photo: Nick Didlick, National Post; ...Coach's Corner will be back.; Black &
White
Photo: Mike Cassese, Reuters; LOSERS: Bob Goodenow failed to deliver...; Black &
White
Photo: Jim Young, Reuters; ...Jagr was due to earn $10-million...; Black & White

Photo: Mike Cassese, Reuters; ...Leafs' money no longer a salve.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                             July 14, 2005 Thursday
                             Toronto / Late Edition

There's more at stake than the Stanley Cup

BYLINE: Scott Stinson, National Post

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 614  words


WINNER: GARY BETTMAN

With the possible exception of baseball commissioner Bud Selig, no sports
executive has been more heavily criticized in recent years than the NHL boss.

But he has done what many thought impossible: force a salary cap on a union that
said it would never accept one. Bettman must now hope that the new economic
system covers up the many mistakes of his reign, notably expansion to the Deep
South.

LOSER: BOB GOODENOW

How can the union leader portray this to his membership as anything other than a
colossal failure? The players could have accepted a more lucrative deal months
ago, but they gambled that the owners would crumble before cancelling a season.

The owners held firm, and the players lost a season's earnings that they will
never get back.

WINNER: CBC

Finally, the public broadcaster will be able to resurrect its flagship Hockey
Night in Canada program.

LOSER: MOVIE BUFFS

Viewers who became accustomed to CBC showing good Hollywood films on Saturday
nights will curse the return of HNIC.

WINNER: CALGARY FLAMES

It was only a matter of time before superstar Jarome Iginla left small-market
Calgary for the riches of, say, New York or Toronto. In the new era, the Flames
will not have to fear a deep-pocketed team money-whipping one of their prize
free agents into a daze.

Other winners in this vein include Edmonton, Pittsburgh and any other
small-market team that has for years essentially been a feeder team for the big-
money owners.

LOSER: TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS

Money has long been the salve for a wounded franchise that has been unable to
produce top-flight talent consistently. They have instead remained competitive
by giving big contracts to aged veterans (see Belfour, Ed). That dog won't hunt
anymore.

WINNER: TORONTO AND OTHER BIG-MARKET OWNERS

Teams like the Leafs, the Detroit Red Wings and Philadelphia Flyers will have
little trouble raking in cash, and now they have fixed costs. Profits are sure
to increase.

WINNER: TORONTO MAPLE LEAFS FANS (TENTATIVE)

The old way of doing business has given fans many playoff teams, but no Stanley
Cups since 1967. Now, when Mark Messier's agent calls to see if he can sucker
the Leafs into a one-year, $3.5-million deal, the team will have to say no.
Despite themselves.

WINNER: SIDNEY CROSBY

The phenom faced the prospect of playing for a team in the Swiss hockey league,
not exactly a breeding ground for the stars of tomorrow. Instead Crosby will not
only play in the NHL, but it looks like he will have a chance to play for a
big-market team such as Montreal, Toronto or Detroit, thanks to a draft lottery.

LOSER: SIDNEY CROSBY

The NHL may beat Switzerland, but if the lockout had never happened Crosby would
be fixing to put his signature on a contract that would have paid him something
in the neighbourhood of $15-million. Instead, he'll get $850,000 a year.

LOSER: WHOEVER THE 2004 ROOKIE OF THE YEAR WOULD HAVE BEEN

Mike Richards? Jeff Carter? Alexander Ovechkin? Somewhere, there's a very good
young player who would have had been the toast of the league in his inaugural
season, but will instead be overshadowed by Crosby.

LOSER: THE DRAFT CLASSES OF 2004 AND 2005

Since there was no draft last year, this year's will include a double cohort of
players. Double the competition -- but the same number of teams -- so many
players will be drafted much lower than they would otherwise have been.

LOSER: JAROMIR JAGR

He was due to earn $10US-million from the New York Rangers, now scaled back to
$7US.5-million. But that would be almost a quarter of the Rangers' payroll under
the new deal, so expect him to be bought out for a lot less. Dozens of highly
paid star players will likely find themselves in similar predicaments.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: J.P. Moczulski, Reuters; The Stanley Cup sits in the Hockey Hall of Fame.
A tentative deal between NHL players and owners could end the lockout.; Black &
White
Photo: WINNERS: Flames can hold on to prize free agents...; Black & White
Photo: Wayne Cuddington, CanWest News Service; ...Crosby may play for a
big-market team...; Black & White
Photo: Nick Didlick, National Post; ...Coach's Corner will be back.; Black &
White
Photo: Mike Cassese, Reuters; LOSERS: Bob Goodenow failed to deliver...; Black &
White
Photo: Jim Young, Reuters; ...Jagr was due to earn $10US-million...; Black &
White
Photo: Mike Cassese, Reuters; ...Leafs' money no longer a salve.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: FBI and Chula Vista Police Department Seek the Public's Assistance
to Identify USE Credit Union Robber

LENGTH: 256  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A bank robber who ran into a Chula Vista bank yelling "give it up, give it up"
is being sought by the FBI and the Chula Vista Police Department.

On Friday, August 8, 2014, at approximately 3:29 p.m., the USE Credit Union
located at 1351 Medical Center Drive in Chula Vista, California, was robbed by
an unknown male. At the time of the robbery, the robber entered the bank yelling
"give it up, give it up." The robber approached one of the tellers and placed a
black canvas bag on the counter and demanded money. The teller removed the cash
drawer, at which time the robber reached across the counter and started grabbing
money out of the drawer and placing the money inside the black canvas bag. After
filling the bag, the robber exited the bank. No injuries were reported.

Witnesses described the robber as follows:

Sex: Male
 Race: Black
 Height: Approximately 5'8" tall
 Build: Heavy/stock
 Hair: Black
 Facial hair: Mustache
 Age: Mid-30s
 Clothing: Black or blue baseball cap, dark sunglasses, black zip-up sweater,
white sweatpants with dark stripes on side, and black and white gloves.

Bank surveillance photographs from the USE Credit Union, located at 1351 Medical
Center Drive, Chula Vista, California, on Friday, August 8, 2014:


Anyone with information concerning this robbery is asked to contact the FBI at
telephone number (858) 320-1800 or San Diego Crime Stoppers at (888) 540-8477.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 29, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BENEFITS

BYLINE:  E-mail: society@nytimes.com Information: (212) 556-1141

SECTION: Section 14; Column 3; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 916 words


For the Craft Museum
TUESDAY -- The songwriter Cy Coleman will perform at a black-tie dinner at the
Pierre to raise money for the American Craft Museum and its educational
programs. The evening begins at 7 with cocktails. Dinner at 8 will be followed
by dancing to the music of Gerard Carelli and his orchestra. Tickets, $500, from
(212) 956-3535, ext. 112.

Helping Crime Victims
TUESDAY -- A cocktail reception at the American Museum of Natural History will
raise money for the Crime Victims Treatment Center, which provides counseling,
legal services and other aid. Linda Fairstein, the former head of the Manhattan
District Attorney's sex crimes unit, will be among those honored. Drinks and
hors d'oeuvres will be served beginning at 6:30. Tickets, $150, from (212)
523-4728.


How to Get to Carnegie Hall
WEDNESDAY -- The opening night of Carnegie Hall's 112th season will feature a
concert by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, conducted by Daniel Barenboim,
performing Ravel's "Rapsodie Espagnol" and "Bolero" and other works. The black
-tie evening begins at 5:30 with cocktails, with the concert at 7 and dinner at
the Waldorf-Astoria at approximately 10. Transportation will be provided between
the concert hall and the hotel. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 903-9679, or $36 and
up for the concert alone, from (212) 247-7800.

Featuring Don King
THURSDAY -- A retrospective performance of black musical theater will be
featured, and Don King, the promoter, will be among those honored, at a dinner
at the Brooklyn Marriott, 333 Adams Street (Tillary Street), to raise money for
scholarships, faculty and student research and other projects at Medgar Evers
College. The black-tie evening begins at 6:30 with cocktails, with dinner at
7:45 and dancing at 10. Tickets, $150, from (212) 239-6631.

Housing in the Bronx
THURSDAY -- A cocktail reception and auction that will include trips to Grand
Cayman and South Beach in Miami, as well as decorative accessories and
furnishings, at the New York City Fire Museum, 278 Spring Street (Varick
Street), will raise money for Women's Housing and Economic Development
Corporation. The organization operates a housing complex and an economic
development center in the Bronx. The evening begins at 6 with cocktails and hors
d'oeuvres and a silent auction, with the live auction to begin at 7:45. Tickets,
$250, or $100 for entry after 6:45, from (718) 839-1106.

Rita Hayworth Ball
THURSDAY -- The Allman Brothers will perform at a black-tie dinner dance at the
Waldorf-Astoria to raise money for the Alzheimer's Association, which supports
research, treatment and prevention. Cocktails at 6:30 with dinner and dancing at
7:30. The performance begins at 9, as does an auction of trips for two to Hong
Kong and Paris, a tennis lesson with John McEnroe and various other items.
Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 843-1712.

Building in Brooklyn
THURSDAY -- Habitat for Humanity's building projects in Brooklyn, Queens,
Manhattan and the Bronx will be supported by a dinner at the Church of St.
Ignatius Loyola, 980 Park Avenue (84th Street). Cocktails at 6:30 will be
followed by dinner at 7:30. Charles Eubanks, a jazz pianist, will perform.
Tickets, $250, from (718) 246-5656, ext. 308.

For Israeli Projects
THURSDAY -- Senator Charles E. Schumer, Democrat of New York, is to speak at a
black-tie dinner at the Pierre benefiting the Jewish National Fund, which is
celebrating its centennial year. The organization, which builds dams, reservoirs
and parks in Israel, is raising money for a reservoir project in northern
Israel. Cocktails at 6. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 879-9305, ext. 505.

Airlift Dinner-Dance
SATURDAY -- AmeriCares's 15th annual dinner-dance, in a hangar at the
Westchester County Airport, will conclude with guests boarding an airplane
headed to the Dominican Republic with medicine and humanitarian supplies. The
event aids the organization's disaster and long-term relief efforts around the
world. Drinks and music by the Caribbean Cruisers at 6:30 will be followed by
dinner at 8. The jet leaves at 10, with dancing for those who remain to the
music of Night Market Too. Tickets, $300, from (203) 972-5555.

For Arts' Sake
OCT. 7 -- Pinchas Zukerman will be among those honored at the National Arts
Awards, to be held at Cipriani 42nd Street, to raise money for Americans for the
Arts. Drinks at 6:30 will be followed by dinner at 7:30. Black tie. Tickets,
$1,000, from (212) 223-2787, ext. 221.

Kidney Research
OCT. 7 -- Tim Shew and other Broadway actors will perform at the West Bank Cafe,
407 West 42nd Street (Ninth Avenue), to raise money for the Rogosin Institute,
which supports research and treatment for kidney disease. Cocktails at 6 will be
followed by dinner at 6:30 and the concert at 8:15. Tickets, $150, from (212)
746-1552.

Elie Wiesel Foundation
OCT. 7 -- A black-tie dinner at the Plaza will raise money for the Elie Wiesel
Foundation for Humanity, which encourages world leaders to speak with one
another on ethics and humanitarian goals, and operates educational projects for
young people. Cocktails at 7 will be followed by dinner at 7:30. Tickets,
$1,000, from (212) 490-7777.

Art in Public Spaces
OCT. 8 -- A black-tie dinner in the Rose Center at the American Museum of
Natural History will raise money for the Municipal Art Society and the
organization's work to bring art to public spaces in New York. James Polshek,
the architect, will be honored for his achievements. Cocktails at 7 and dinner
at 8. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 685-1095.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              235 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            October 12, 2015 Monday

Rauner, Santa join charity motorcycle ride through Kane County

BYLINE: Mark Black mblack@dailyherald.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 165 words


Rauner, Santa join charity motorcycle ride through Kane County

Hundreds of motorcyclists, Santa Claus and Gov. Bruce Rauner among them,
gathered Sunday in Kane County to ride in the summerlike weather and raise money
to help needy families.

The 29th annual DuKane ABATE Toy and Food Run began at Knuckleheads Tavern in
Elburn and traveled a route that ultimately led them to a post-ride party in
Batavia.

"Riding is so much fun. It is freedom and celebration of America," said Rauner,
an avid motorcyclist. "The riders are fantastic."

Participants in the ride each made a $10 donation, plus brought an unwrapped new
toy and a nonperishable food item. The items collected are distributed to food
banks, shelters, foster homes and social service agencies in DuPage and Kane
counties.

ABATE of Illinois is a motorcycle safety and rights organization that aims to
protects motorcyclists and raise awareness in the community through speaking
engagements, education and visits to clubs and organizations.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Gov. Bruce Rauner joined fellow
motorcycle enthusiasts Sunday for the 29th annual DuKane ABATE Toy and Food Run
in Elburn. The event collects food and toys, as well as money, to help needy
families in Kane and DuPage counties. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Gov.
Bruce Rauner joined fellow motorcycle enthusiasts Sunday for the 29th annual
DuKane ABATE Toy and Food Run in Elburn. The event collects food and toys, as
well as money, to help needy families in Kane and DuPage counties. Illinois
Governor Bruce Rauner mingles with riders during the 29th annual DuKane
A.B.A.T.E. Toy and Food Run in Elburn.Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Amid
summerlike temperatures, dozens of motorcyclists rode through Kane County on
Sunday for the 29th annual DuKane ABATE Toy and Food Run. The event collects
food and toys, as well as money, to help needy families in Kane and DuPage
counties.Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Santa poses for photos Sunday before
serving as one of the lead riders in the 29th annual DuKane ABATE Toy and Food
Run. The event collects food and toys, as well as money, to help needy families
in Kane and DuPage counties.Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Soul Patch Monkey
performs Sunday during the 29th annual DuKane ABATE Toy and Food Run. The event
collects food and toys, as well as money, to help needy families in Kane and
DuPage counties.Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Illinois Governor Bruce Rauner
poses for a selfie with Ellie Rains of Sycamore and the founder of Midwest Women
Riders before the start of the 29th annual DuKane A.B.A.T.E. Toy and Food Run in
Elburn Sunday. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com Gov. Bruce Rauner poses for a
selfie Sunday with Ellie Rains of Sycamore, the founder of Midwest Women Riders,
before the start of the 29th annual DuKane ABATE Toy and Food Run in Elburn.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              236 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 10, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BENEFITS

SECTION: Section 14; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1338 words


Readings, for Reading
TOMORROW -- Gay Talese, Da Chen and Amy Bloom will read from their works and
Renee Fleming will be honored at the New-York Historical Society to raise money
for the Y.M.C.A. of Greater New York's literacy program for children. Drinks and
hors d'oeuvres at 6. Tickets, $150, from (212) 904-1335.

Auction for Youth Clubs
WEDNESDAY -- An auction at Brunschwig & Fils, 979 Third Avenue (58th Street),
featuring household items by leading interior designers, will raise money for
the Kips Bay Boys and Girls Club in the South Bronx. Cocktails, buffet dinner
and auction begin at 6. Evening ends at 8:30. Tickets, $125, from (718)
893-8600, ext. 245.


Aiding the Disabled
WEDNESDAY -- Dominic Chianese of "The Sopranos" will be among those honored at a
dinner at the Plaza to aid YAI/National Institute for People with Disabilities.
Cocktails at 6:30, dinner and dancing at 7:30. Tickets, $500, from (212)
273-6576.

Afghan Leader to Speak
WEDNESDAY -- President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan will be honored at a black
-tie dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria to aid programs of the International Rescue
Committee. Queen Rania al-Abdullah of Jordan and Senators Edward M. Kennedy of
Massachusetts and Sam Brownback of Kansas will also speak. Cocktails at 6:30,
dinner and the talks at 7:30. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 551-2744.

Golden Tree Bazaar
WEDNESDAY -- A preview of the holiday gift bazaar of the New York Junior League,
130 East 80th Street, will raise money for its programs. The evening begins at 6
with wine and cocktails, live jazz, dishes by the Park Avenue Cafe and shopping.
Tickets, $45, from (212) 288-6220, ext. 284, or $50 at the door. Shopping begins
Thursday and ends Saturday.

Fighting Bigotry
THURSDAY -- Tony Bennett will perform at a black-tie dinner at the
Waldorf-Astoria to aid the Anti-Defamation League. Cocktails at 6, followed by
dinner and the performance at 7. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 885-7855.

Boys and Girls Programs
THURSDAY -- A dinner at Pier 60, Chelsea Piers, will raise money for the Gloria
Wise Boys and Girls Club in the northeast Bronx. Drinks at 6:15, followed by
dinner at 7. Tickets, $500, from (718) 379-2830, ext. 222.

Spike Lee for 100 Black Men
THURSDAY -- Spike Lee will be among those honored at a black-tie dinner-dance at
the Hilton New York to raise money for the mentoring, tutoring, scholarship and
other programs of the New York chapter of 100 Black Men. Cocktails at 6:30.
Tickets, $375, from (646) 424-9750.

Evening With Ric Burns
THURSDAY -- Ric Burns, the filmmaker, will be honored at a screening of his work
at 6 p.m. at the TriBeCa Grill that will raise money for Common Cause, which
works to make government more responsive. Cassandra Wilson will perform at a
cocktail party to follow. Tickets, $500, or $150 for the cocktail party only,
from (800) 300-8707.

Neighborhood Preservation
THURSDAY -- The Historic Districts Council, which works to preserve historic
neighborhoods, will give a benefit cocktail party at 6:30 p.m. at Federal Hall,
15 Pine Street (Nassau Street). Dinner will follow at 8:30 at Vaults at Vine, 25
Broad Street (Exchange Street). Tickets, $250, or $75 for the cocktail reception
alone, from (212) 614-9107.

Tasting Dinner for the Y
THURSDAY -- A tasting dinner at the Puck Building, sponsored by the young
supporters of the 92nd Street Y, will raise money for scholarships. Cocktails
and tastings begin at 7. Tickets, $150, from (212) 415-5476.

Music Studies, With an Accent
THURSDAY -- Ariane Lallemand, a cellist, and Marco Granados, a flutist, will
play at the French Consulate, 934 Fifth Avenue (74th Street), to raise money for
scholarships at the French-American Conservatory of Music. The concert, at 7:15,
will be followed by a Champagne reception and a buffet dinner at 8:30. Tickets,
$150, from (212) 245-6018.

For Gilda's Club
THURSDAY -- Judy Gold will perform and Charles Grodin will be host at a black
-tie dinner at the Plaza to raise money for Gilda's Club in New York, which
supports people with cancer and their families. Drinks at 6:30 followed by
dinner and the performance at 7:30. Tickets, $500, from (212) 647-9700, ext.
246.

The Peter Stuyvesant Ball
FRIDAY -- A black-tie dinner and dance at the Grand Hyatt, in the presence of
Princess Margriet of the Netherlands, will aid the Netherland-America
Foundation's cultural and educational programs. Cocktails at 7. Tickets, $425,
from (212) 355-6363.

Games for Research
SATURDAY -- A black-tie evening of casino-style gambling at the Supper Club, 240
West 47th Street, will raise money for the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, which
supports research. Drinks and a buffet dinner begin at 9. Tickets, $150, from
(212) 448-9206, ext. 30.

For Harlem Hospital
SATURDAY -- A black-tie dinner dance at the Hilton New York will raise money for
the Harlem Hospital Center. Cocktails at 7. Tickets, $175, from (212) 939-2489.

Short Talks on the Universe
NEXT SUNDAY -- Alec Baldwin, Ellen Barkin, Matthew Broderick, Anjelica Huston,
Kevin Kline, Angela Lansbury and others will perform in short plays written by
Nora Ephron, Steve Martin, Jules Feiffer and others at the Eugene O'Neill
Theater, 230 West 49th Street, to benefit Friends in Deed, which supports people
with life-threatening illnesses, and the Bay Street Theater in Sag Harbor, N.Y.
The show, at 7, will be followed by a cocktail reception at Noche, 1604 Broadway
(48th Street). Tickets, $1,000, from (800) 996-5433.

Stomp, With Dancing
NEXT SUNDAY -- The percussion ensemble Stomp and Batoto Yetu, a children's dance
troupe, will perform at Carnegie Hall to aid the family concert series, which
offers $5 tickets to shows meant to appeal to children. The benefit begins with
brunch at 12:30, with the concert at 2. Tickets, $260, or $130 for children
under 12, from (212) 903-9679.

Remembering Survivors
NEXT SUNDAY -- "Wasting Time With Harry Davidowitz," a play at the
Makor/Steinhardt Center, 35 West 67th Street, will raise money for Blue Card,
which provides financial aid to Holocaust survivors. The evening begins at 7
with the show, with a dessert reception to follow at 8:30. Tickets, $50, or $25
for 13-18-year-olds, from (212) 239-2251.

Wiesenthal Center and Bono
NOV. 18 -- Bono of the band U2 will be honored at the New York Marriott Marquis
at a black-tie dinner to raise money for the Simon Wiesenthal Center, which
combats intolerance. . Cocktails at 6 followed by dinner at 7. Tickets, $750,
from (212) 888-7003.

Royal Academy of the Arts
NOV. 18 -- The New York organization that supports the Royal Academy of the Arts
in London will benefit from a black-tie dinner in the Rainbow Room. Drinks at
7:30 will be followed by dinner and dancing. Tickets, $600, from (212) 980-8404.


For UJA-Federation
NOV. 18 -- The theater group of the UJA-Federation of New York will raise money
for the federation at a black-tie dinner at the Pierre. Gerald Schoenfeld,
chairman of the Shubert Organization, will be honored. Cocktails at 6:30
followed by dinner at 8. Tickets, $600, from (212) 836-1110.

Voices Raised for Housing
NOV. 18 -- The Highbridge Voices, a children's choir, will perform at a dinner
at the Hudson Theater, 145 West 44th Street, to raise money for the Enterprise
Foundation, which helps provide housing. Cocktails at 6:30. Tickets, $300, from
(212) 262-9575, ext. 113.

Historical New York
NOV. 19 -- A black-tie dinner at the New-York Historical Society will aid its
collections and exhibitions. Cocktails at 6:30, dinner at 8. Tickets, $1,000,
from (212) 873-3400, ext. 253.

Lenox Hill Hospital
NOV. 19 -- Bette Midler will be honored at a black-tie dinner at the
Waldorf-Astoria to raise money for Lenox Hill Hospital. Drinks at 6:30, dinner
at 8 and dancing. Tickets, $600, from (212) 434-2544.

Picturing a Clean River
NOV. 19 -- An auction of photos by Herb Ritts, Annie Leibovitz and others, at
Boylan Studios, 601 West 26th Street, will benefit Riverkeeper, the
environmental group. Drinks and hors d'oeuvres at 6:30. Tickets, $100, from
(845) 424-4149, ext. 236.

E-mail: society@nytimes.com
Information: (212) 556-1141

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              237 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     January 6, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

Black Educators Resigned to Losing Battle Over Proposition 48

Mark Asher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE D8

LENGTH: 625 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif., Jan. 5


The debate began at the 1983 NCAA Convention, when it was called Proposal 48.
Nine years later, there has yet to be universal agreement on what is now called
Proposition 48.

Only now, historically black colleges, which have fought long and hard against
the controversial student-athlete eligibility proposal -- citing its
discrimination against blacks -- have not even organized to continue their fight
at the 1992 NCAA Convention, which begins Tuesday.

"I would imagine our presidents are tired of fighting a lost cause," Eddie M.
Jones, faculty representative at Grambling State University, said from his
Louisiana home. "It's a vicious circle. I'm trying to decide if I should attend.
We spend an inordinate amount of money to go out there and have people ramrod
things down our throats. You raise your blood pressure. For what?

"It's a lot of money to take out of your budget when you could stay at home,
save your money and the end result is the same. . . . The only good thing it
would do for the historically black schools and civil rights groups to raise
Hades again is to be on the record."

In 1983, despite the black college educators' efforts to explain why it was
discriminatory, the proposal passed by a 4-1 margin.

Now the NCAA President's Commission will seek to strengthen Proposition 48,
which covers test scores -- either the SAT or ACT -- and grade-point averages.

Jones said he and other black educators want standards -- but fair standards
based on the data. The NCAA's research shows that the then-arbitrarily set 700
cutoff score on the SAT is not an accurate indicator of success for blacks in
college.

At issue, according to Georgetown Athletic Director Frank Rienzo, is the
President's Commission's selectively choosing -- on political grounds, he said
-- the NCAA research data and of not following the preferred recommendation of
the NCAA Academic Requirements Committee on using a sliding index in which a
higher grade-point average could offset a test score lower than 700.

The President's Commission was formed at the 1984 convention, but the sponsor of
Proposition 48 was an ad hoc committee of presidents reacting to public
criticism of the NCAA's lack of academic standards. Eight years later, that
scrutiny has increased, especially with several congressmen proposing federal
intervention.

Despite the controversy, hardly anyone is predicting a less-than-overwhelming
victory for the President's Commission when the votes take place Wednesday
afternoon. Even Rienzo is resigned to that.

"If I'm disgusted over this, and we have a people who have been oppressed for
more than 200 years in this country, it's no wonder they feel that way," he
said.

James Frank, currently Southwestern Athletic Conference commissioner and
outgoing NCAA president in 1983, said none of his conference schools was
outraged about the test score provision. The Mideastern Athletic Conference, of
which Howard is a member, was notified by Howard Athletic Director David Simmons
of a videotape and position paper Rienzo issued. But it decided to discuss the
situation at a caucus here Monday evening.

R. Jerald Turner, chancellor of the University of Mississippi and outgoing
chairman of the President's Commission, has said the presidents believe 700 is a
low SAT score, that athletes are naturally competitive and will meet the
standards, and the commission is trying to send a message to high school
athletes and the schools themselves that academics must be stressed before an
athlete arrives in college as an at-risk student.

The convention gets in full swing late afternoon Tuesday, when NCAA Executive
Director Dick Schultz gives his annual state of the association address. It is
scheduled to end on Friday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              238 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     January 6, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

Black Educators Resigned to Losing Battle Over Proposition 48

Mark Asher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE D8

LENGTH: 625 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif., Jan. 5


The debate began at the 1983 NCAA Convention, when it was called Proposal 48.
Nine years later, there has yet to be universal agreement on what is now called
Proposition 48.

Only now, historically black colleges, which have fought long and hard against
the controversial student-athlete eligibility proposal -- citing its
discrimination against blacks -- have not even organized to continue their fight
at the 1992 NCAA Convention, which begins Tuesday.

"I would imagine our presidents are tired of fighting a lost cause," Eddie M.
Jones, faculty representative at Grambling State University, said from his
Louisiana home. "It's a vicious circle. I'm trying to decide if I should attend.
We spend an inordinate amount of money to go out there and have people ramrod
things down our throats. You raise your blood pressure. For what?

"It's a lot of money to take out of your budget when you could stay at home,
save your money and the end result is the same. . . . The only good thing it
would do for the historically black schools and civil rights groups to raise
Hades again is to be on the record."

In 1983, despite the black college educators' efforts to explain why it was
discriminatory, the proposal passed by a 4-1 margin.

Now the NCAA President's Commission will seek to strengthen Proposition 48,
which covers test scores -- either the SAT or ACT -- and grade-point averages.

Jones said he and other black educators want standards -- but fair standards
based on the data. The NCAA's research shows that the then-arbitrarily set 700
cutoff score on the SAT is not an accurate indicator of success for blacks in
college.

At issue, according to Georgetown Athletic Director Frank Rienzo, is the
President's Commission's selectively choosing -- on political grounds, he said
-- the NCAA research data and of not following the preferred recommendation of
the NCAA Academic Requirements Committee on using a sliding index in which a
higher grade-point average could offset a test score lower than 700.

The President's Commission was formed at the 1984 convention, but the sponsor of
Proposition 48 was an ad hoc committee of presidents reacting to public
criticism of the NCAA's lack of academic standards. Eight years later, that
scrutiny has increased, especially with several congressmen proposing federal
intervention.

Despite the controversy, hardly anyone is predicting a less-than-overwhelming
victory for the President's Commission when the votes take place Wednesday
afternoon. Even Rienzo is resigned to that.

"If I'm disgusted over this, and we have a people who have been oppressed for
more than 200 years in this country, it's no wonder they feel that way," he
said.

James Frank, currently Southwestern Athletic Conference commissioner and
outgoing NCAA president in 1983, said none of his conference schools was
outraged about the test score provision. The Mideastern Athletic Conference, of
which Howard is a member, was notified by Howard Athletic Director David Simmons
of a videotape and position paper Rienzo issued. But it decided to discuss the
situation at a caucus here Monday evening.

R. Jerald Turner, chancellor of the University of Mississippi and outgoing
chairman of the President's Commission, has said the presidents believe 700 is a
low SAT score, that athletes are naturally competitive and will meet the
standards, and the commission is trying to send a message to high school
athletes and the schools themselves that academics must be stressed before an
athlete arrives in college as an at-risk student.

The convention gets in full swing late afternoon Tuesday, when NCAA Executive
Director Dick Schultz gives his annual state of the association address. It is
scheduled to end on Friday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              239 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 11, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton budget holds millions to help repair black colleges

BYLINE: Linda Kanamine

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 460 words


Several historically black colleges would share $ 10.4 million
in federal funds to help repair deteriorating historic campus
buildings under President Clinton's proposed 1998 budget.

The grants, part of the Interior Department's $ 7.5 billion spending
plan, would greatly expand the program to restore national historic
sites at black colleges and universities. The program requires
the colleges to raise an equal amount for the renovations. In
each of the last three fiscal years, Congress approved $ 1.42 million
for the grants.


Without the money, the USA would lose "milestones in American
history," says United Negro College Fund President Bill Gray.
"They are symbols of a new egalitarian movement away from slavery
. . . as important as the Betsy Ross house or Independence Hall."

Freed slaves began building colleges almost as soon as the Civil
War ended. For nearly 100 years, the colleges were the only places
offering blacks higher education.

The Reagan administration launched the grants program because
the schools, most with fewer than 1,000 students, lacked endowments.
Forced to choose between teaching and renovating, repairs waited.

Congress will decide who gets the money, and how much.

Fisk University in Nashville is seeking $ 5 million to repair its
66-year-old Cravath Building. Masonry around the gothic-style
building has cracks in it and the resulting water leaks threaten
large wall murals painted by Harlem renaissance artist Aaron Douglas.

Tougaloo College in Tougaloo, Miss., wants to undertake a $ 3 million
restoration of an 1848 antebellum home used as offices and a college
chapel. Talladega College's Swayne Hall was built by slaves and
later bought by freed slaves as the first building on the Talladega,
Ala., campus. School officials want to make $ 1.5 million in repairs.

"It is not easy to get money these days. We need that support
right now," says Roland Harris, president of Knoxville College.
His 400-student liberal arts campus in Knoxville, Tenn., wants
$ 2.5 million to overhaul Elnathan Hall. The hall was built in
1893 as one of the original buildings at the college entrance,
and was vacated in 1987 because of structural problems. Its bricks
still bear the fingerprints of black students who made them.

Other requests:

-- Miles College, Birmingham, Ala., $ 2 million.

-- Selma University, Selma, Ala., $ 1.55 million.

-- Stillman College, Tuscaloosa, Ala., $ 250,000.

-- Concordia College, Selma, Ala., $ 200,000.

-- Allen University, Columbia, S.C., $ 2.9 million.

-- Claflin College, Orangeburg, S.C., $ 1 million.

-- Voorhees College, Denmark, S.C., $ 2 million.

-- Rust College, Holly Springs, Miss., $ 1 million.


LOAD-DATE: February 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jim Brown; PHOTO, b/w, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              240 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Northern Territory News (Australia)

                            June 20, 2007 Wednesday

Court hears tycoon Black took millions

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 245  words


CHICAGO, Illinois: Deposed media tycoon Conrad Black stole millions from
shareholders because he thought he ''deserved'' the money, a prosecutor said in
closing arguments on Monday at a Chicago fraud trial.

And he used that money to support a lavish lifestyle that included a
$US2.6-million ($A3.1 million) ring he bought for his wife, prosecutor Julie
Ruder said.

Mr Black and his associates are accused of skimming about $US60 million ($A71.4
million) from the sale of scores of newspapers in Canada and the US.

Ms Ruder described a scheme in which Mr Black and other executives awarded
themselves what amounted to massive tax-free bonuses by lying to the board and
saying the buyers of the papers had asked them to sign non-competition
agreements. These payments are typical in media transactions, but are legal only
if they are actually requested by the buyers as a condition of sale.

''Conrad Black and Mr (David) Radler used the decision to sell off the company's
papers as an opportunity to steal,'' Ms Ruder told the jury. ''As things
progressed, they realised they could use one of the tools of the trade . . . as
a device to move money away from Hollinger International.''

Ms Radler, who ran the company's US operations, testified that it was Mr Black's
idea to begin the scam by awarding money to a holding company he controlled,
Hollinger Inc.

The scam was expanded to include payments to Mr Black and his associates, the
prosecutor said.

Mr Black denies the claims.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2007 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 21, 1994, Monday

Racial rifts emerge as AIDS shifts

BYLINE: LISA FREDERICK

SECTION: NATIONAL; Editor's Choice; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1773 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Carl DeVine's words become slow and agonized when he talks about two of the
friends he lost to AIDS last year.

His friends, Gwen Jenkins and Anthony Hayward, founded the People of Color  AIDS
Coalition four years ago with the goal of educating black people about  the
disease and improving the services offered to minority AIDS patients.

Based in two drafty, old converted homes in south St. Petersburg, it's an
organization DeVine is fighting hard to keep afloat after its founders'  deaths.

He is battling meager financing and the nagging feeling that the odds are
stacked against him.

"I'm tired of seeing my friends die. I'm tired of seeing my relatives  die,"
DeVine says, his voice suddenly gaining strength and speed. "I'm tired  of
knowing that so many more of us are going to die because of greed and
selfishness and insensitivity."

DeVine is not alone in his frustration. Several people who work with  agencies
that provide AIDS education and patient services in the black  community say
they aren't getting their fair share of AIDS funding.

"Black organizations are collectively concerned that, as in so many other
things, we are being shut out of the process," says Walter Niles, a health
specialist with the Tampa Urban League.

It's a scenario that has played out in other cities nationwide, often  bitterly
and always emotionally, as the tug of war for dollars has turned  allies
fighting a common battle into fierce rivals.

The rifts are the result of the changing demographics of the disease.

A decade ago, AIDS primarily affected gay and bisexual men, so most AIDS
organizations, and the money that supported them, were focused on those  groups.

Today, however, the rate of new HIV infections is highest among  heterosexual,
intravenous drug users and their sexual partners, many of whom  are minorities.

Yet, critics say, most AIDS programs are still being administered with gay
white men in mind.

Perhaps the most acrimonious example of the developing schism over AIDS  money
took place in Washington, D.C., last year.

The chief of the district's Agency for HIV/AIDS, a white lesbian, was fired
after an internal investigation concluded she had improperly attempted to  steer
money away from a clinic that has ties to the Nation of Islam, a black
religious sect.

   The incident caused already simmering tensions regarding AIDS funding to
boil over in that city.

Locally, activists such as DeVine will tell you there is no all-out "war"  over
money here.

But there soon could be unless something concrete comes from the emerging
dialogue and the new strategies recently created to address the problem.

Which agencies get what

   Most of the initiatives are being spearheaded by the Suncoast AIDS Network,
the agency that coordinates health care and services for people with AIDS in a
multicounty area that includes Hillsborough and Pinellas.

A review board of SCAN officials ranks programs to decide which should get
federal and state money. The board decides, for example, how much money needs
to be set aside for pediatric AIDS cases or other specific populations.

Once organizations apply for federal dollars through SCAN, a review board  of
local officials and AIDS experts - none affiliated with SCAN - evaluates  the
applications and decides which will be financed.

Because of concerns expressed by DeVine and others, SCAN recently created a
Minority Affairs Committee, and this year tentatively has earmarked $ 163,000
for minority-run AIDS programs.

"We did not want the funding sources to pit us against each other," said  Olga
Williams, a member of the Minority Affairs Committee and services  director for
the Family Enrichment Center.

Black officials concerned about AIDS financing disparities don't point to
discrimination as the only cause for their financial difficulties. They  concede
that other organizations have an advantage simply because they've been  around a
lot longer.

It's hard for all private, non-profit organizations, including minority  ones,
to get established. In order to get grants, you already have to have  something
in the pot, Williams said.

"People tend to give money to organizations that already have money,"  Williams
said. "It's just like when you go for a job and they won't hire you  because you
don't have any experience, yet how do you get the experience if  people won't
hire you?"

The Family Enrichment Center on N 40th Street might be the best known of
Hillsborough's black-run AIDS organizations.

There aren't too many others, and as the number of AIDS cases continues to
climb dramatically in the black community, the need to create and nurture more
is imperative, AIDS activists agree.

The National Commission on AIDS reported last year that racial and ethnic
factors play a big role in the nation's AIDS epidemic.

Almost half of the people in America with AIDS are black or Hispanic, the
commission said.

"As a nation, we have no choice but to take account of race if we are to  alter
the epidemic," the commission reported.

As of January, there were 2,203 reported AIDS cases in Hillsborough County.
Twenty-five percent, or 549, were black. Blacks account for 12 percent of
Hillsborough's population.

Officials say part of the reason for the disproportionate numbers is that  AIDS
education still has trouble reaching some black neighborhoods.

"The black community is 13 years behind the white community when it comes  to
AIDS awareness," DeVine said. His organization recently surveyed black
communities and found that 21 percent of the respondents said Christians don't
get AIDS.

Some think such outdated ideas may be because black leaders and the black
community as a whole were slow to recognize the AIDS crisis.

But black AIDS activists bristle at suggestions that any initial resistance  to
confronting the disease justifies the problems they now have in getting  money
for their programs.

"When I have to write the grant, then clean the toilet, then help a client  . .
.," DeVine's voice trails off. "The process is wrong and it was designed  to
keep us out."

Different views of the same problem

   Others suggest there might be something besides race complicating the issue
of AIDS money. Perhaps black agencies aren't getting their due because AIDS
activists as a whole are afraid of fragmenting themselves.

When AIDS first came to public attention more than a decade ago, the gay  white
men who were its primary victims rallied in the face of the crisis. Much  of the
public awareness about the disease is due in large part to their  efforts.

That may explain why SCAN meetings can be very emotional. Some AIDS  patients
cling to the way things were, afraid of being shoved to the side.

"There are people in those meetings who are dying or have watched a lot of
friends die," Williams says. "They don't want to be forgotten."

Whether it's institutional discrimination or fervent emotion, one thing is
certain: Officials of both races agree there is a problem.

"Discrimination was there before the AIDS epidemic," said Steven  Kindland,
spokesman for the state Department of Health and Rehabilitative  Services' AIDS
programs. "In no way do we deny that these problems exist."

While it may be intolerable, discrimination usually isn't fatal. Except  when it
comes to AIDS money.

"It means we have to try even harder here," says Chuck Kuehn, executive
director of the Tampa AIDS Network and president of SCAN's board of directors.
"Discrimination in this means people will die sooner."

Kuehn says SCAN has tried to prevent the infighting over money that has  torn
apart AIDS organizations in other cities.

He also thinks that the outspoken DeVine has a much harsher view of the
situation than other African-Americans who work with AIDS programs.

"I think that in general this community is working very well together,"  Kuehn
said.

The Tampa AIDS Network has had a black and a Hispanic resource worker on  staff
for some time now, and Kuehn estimates that 30 percent of the agency's  clients
are black.

The organization recently opened an office in the heart of Tampa, at 29th
Street and 29th Avenue, partly to better serve those clients.

It would seem that black activists would applaud the network's satellite
office, but many have mixed feelings about it.

They applaud the agency's commitment to providing AIDS services to  everyone,
but find it galling that worthy black organizations haven't been  able to do the
same thing because of money problems.

"TAN is doing a lot of what we should be doing," says the Rev. Elliott  Johnson,
who ran an AIDS education program called Project Save, Project Hope  in Tampa's
public housing complexes. His three-year $ 600,000 federal grant ran  out last
summer.

"We've got a personal interest here. These are my children," he says,  opening a
scrapbook of pictures and mementos from the project.

DeVine says the Tampa AIDS Network's presence in the heart of a black
neighborhood symbolizes the paternalistic "I know what's best for you"  attitude
many well-meaning white people have traditionally shown toward black  people.

"We aren't allowed to figure out what's best for us," he said.

Kuehn says criticism about TAN's efforts in Tampa's inner city isn't  justified.

"We waited for many years for the African-American community to take
responsibility for AIDS in the African-American community. Then we couldn't
wait any longer," Kuehn said. "That's why TAN is present in the
African-American community."

Black officials counter that it just makes sense that they should be the  ones
to design and carry out AIDS programs in black neighborhoods.

"Generally, people are more comfortable getting information from people  who
look most like them," Niles, of the Tampa Urban League, says.

Black heterosexuals who contract the disease through unprotected sex or
intravenous drug use may not be comfortable going to agencies they associate
with gay white men, DeVine said.

Clients, many of them drug users, quietly venture into Rainbow House, the
headquarters of People of Color AIDS Coalition, at all hours of the day for
advice and information. DeVine seeks them out in the dark corners and  alleyways
where illegal drugs are sold and used.

"We can go where the white agencies cannot," he said. "It's time for us  to be
our own role models."  Source: HRS HIV / STD / TB Program

Source: Hillsborough County Public Health Unit

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; TAMPA

                            Times Publishing Company


                              242 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 19, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

Rollins Appears Before U.S. Attorney in Vote Suppression Case

Malcolm Gladwell, Rachel E. Stassen-Berger, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 642 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Nov. 18, 1993


Besieged by three lawsuits and two investigations over his handling of New
Jersey Gov.-elect Christine Todd Whitman's campaign, Republican strategist
Edward J. Rollins met with the U.S. attorney here today, making what sources
said was a grand jury appearance.

But U.S. Attorney Michael Chertoff declined to confirm whether a grand jury had
been called or to comment on what he had discussed with Rollins. Rollins slipped
out the back of the courthouse at the end of the day, evading a waiting crowd of
reporters.

When Rollins entered the building this morning, he said that he wished he had
had "breakfast at home" nine days ago when he told reporters at a breakfast
meeting in Washington that Whitman's campaign had spent $ 500,000 to suppress
black voter turnout.

Rollins had said on Nov. 9 that the Whitman campaign had made contributions to
the favorite charities of black preachers and had paid Democratic campaign
workers not to turn out black voters, who traditionally support Democrats and
were likely to have voted for Gov. Jim Florio (D).

Today, a half-dozen black clergy and political leaders, led by New York activist
Al Sharpton, maintained a not-so-silent vigil outside the courthouse.

"He has cast a shadow on our community," Sharpton said, vowing to follow Rollins
back to Washington, where Rollins is scheduled to give a deposition Friday in a
lawsuit filed by the New Jersey Democratic Party. Sharpton said the activists
will follow Rollins wherever else he goes in the coming weeks to "cast a shadow
on his trail."

The official silence surrounding Rollins's appearance here today did little to
clear up the confusion over his previous comments. After newspapers published
his claim that the Whitman campaign spent $ 500,000 to suppress black votes,
Rollins retracted his comments, and Whitman flatly denied the allegation.

Whitman and Republican Party campaign records released last weekend indicated
that the amount spent on "walking-around money," as get-out-the-vote payments
are called, was closer to $ 50,000 than to the $ 500,000 Rollins had claimed.

And so far nothing concrete has turned up from various rumors that, if true,
might have confirmed Rollins's initial statement. For example, Joseph Doria, a
Democratic state assemblyman from Hudson County, which includes Jersey City,
said that the day after the election campaign workers said some people told them
of having been offered money not to vote. After Rollins made the allegations,
Doria said he mounted an investigation.

"The campaign workers are looking into it," Doria said. "They're out on the
street where they heard it." But, he pointed out, "It's very different from the
Rollins allegations."

The chairman of the state Democratic Committee, Raymond Lesniak, said the party
is aware of workers who were approached by the Republicans, but that such
knowledge does not yet approach "evidence."

Last week, a black clergyman in Camden, the Rev. Keith Owens, told reporters
that he understood from other clergy that there five or six black ministers had
taken money from the Republicans. In the Village Voice, Sharpton was quoted as
saying that Owens was about to give him the names of two ministers who had
accepted Republican money. But Owens said that he got his information
second-hand from E.W. Verner, director of the Newark North Jersey committee of
black churches. Verner said he heard the five-or-six-names rumor from a reporter
and has not been able to substantiate it.

"The reputation of black ministers has been impugned," Verner said. "We have no
evidence that any churches or any ministers was given money."

Sharpton today said that he had not been given any names either.

Some of the mysteries may be cleared up soon if copies of Rollins's testimony
Friday to lawyers for the New Jersey Democratic Party are made public.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, POLITICAL CONSULTANT EDWARD J. ROLLINS, LEFT, IS ESCORTED INTO
COURT IN NEWARK. AP

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              243 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 12, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

The Boasting of Ed Rollins

SECTION: OPINION EDITORIAL; PAGE A24

LENGTH: 571 words


WE'RE AS dumbfounded as everyone else by Republican strategist Ed Rollins's
boast/confession about trying to suppress the black vote in last week's election
in New Jersey. We'd have thought Mr. Rollins, the top strategist for Gov.-elect
Christine Todd Whitman, would have been happy to win a big one and let others
comment on his political acumen. But no, he decided the world had to know all he
had done.

It was obvious from all the polls that black voters in New Jersey were going to
give Gov. James Florio, Ms. Whitman's Democratic foe, a large percentage of
their ballots. Democrats traditionally do all they can to boost black voting, in
some places spending significant sums on Election Day operations. The term of
art for the money spent on blacks, whites and everyone else is "walking around
money."

Mr. Rollins, so he said on Tuesday, devised a plan of his own, involving what
might be called "sitting it out money." As he put it, "We went into the black
churches and basically said to ministers who had endorsed Florio: 'Do you have a
special project? We see you have already endorsed Florio. That's fine. But don't
get up in the Sunday pulpit ... and say it's your moral obligation to vote on
Tuesday, to vote for Jim Florio." In fact, black turnout was down in New Jersey
last week, helping Ms. Whitman win a very narrow victory.

Ms. Whitman, on hearing of this, went ballistic. "It did not happen," she said.
"I don't campaign that way. I urge people to vote. I don't suppress votes." The
Democrats, tired of apologizing for their losses last week, gleefully went on
the offensive and even expressed the hope that they might force a new election.
President Clinton said it all sounded "terribly wrong."

Reenter Mr. Rollins with a new statement that said, among other things, "I went
too far. My remarks left the impression of something that was not true and did
not occur." Translation: "I wish I'd kept my big mouth shut."

Yesterday the plot got even thicker. The Rev. Keith Owens of Camden, N.J., said
that several ministers had described offers from people identifying themselves
as Republicans consistent with Mr. Rollins's original claim.

There will now be, and should be, inquiries into whether anyone tried to
suppress the black vote, and if so, who paid for the effort. Republicans have a
history of trying to push down black turnout in close races, often disguised as
"ballot security" campaigns, which they claim are designed to keep elections
"honest." There are now allegations of minority vote suppression in New York's
mayoral election last week. Mr. Rollins's effort, as described in his first
account, is just a subtle variation on an old theme.

The whole New Jersey business reeks of condescension and racial put-down. The
implication is that somehow the votes of African Americans are for sale through
their leaders. Money does change hands in various places around the country
before Election Day. But it's never been clear that the money bought what it was
meant to because it's always been clear that those who claim they can "deliver"
votes (or keep them home) exaggerate their influence. And there's something
especially troubling about money spent with the goal of encouraging people not
to exercise their right to vote.

As for political consultants, who can be a rather boastful class, the moral is
that trying to show how smart you are can sometimes be singularly dumb.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              244 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 13, 2015 Friday

Former CFO sent to prison for stealing $1.2 million, spending the money on
luxury items With women he met online

LENGTH: 550  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

The former chief financial officer of Alotech Ltd. was sentenced to nearly four
years in prison and ordered to repay more than $1.2 million that he took from
his former employer, said Steven M. Dettelbach, United States Attorney for the
Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of
the FBI's Cleveland office.

John H.C. Black, 56, of Cleveland Heights, was sentenced to 46 months in prison
after previosuly pleading guilty to one count of wire fraud.

Black spent some of the stolen money on cars and purchases at Louis Vuitton,
Sak's Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, Neiman Marcus and other stores for women
that Black met on the website www.seekingarrangements.com, according to the
court documents.

"This defendant defrauded his employer and betrayed the trust of all those who
worked at Alotech," Dettelbach said. "The fact that he blew hundreds of
thousands of dollars on lingerie, purses and shopping trips to Chicago for women
he met online only adds insult to injury."

"Buying female companionship with Alotech's bank account was not what John Black
was hired to do," Anthony said. "Black is being held accountable for the
numerous financial schemes he utilized to defraud the company that paid his
salary."

Black was employed as the CFO at Alotech from July 1, 2009, through Aug. 31,
2012. Alotech is headquartered in Brooklyn, Ohio, and is engaged in the
manufacture, research and development of cast parts used by the military, auto
industry and aerospace industry, among other applications, according to court
documents.

He began to use Alotech's business checking account for personal expenditures in
early 2011. Black also encouraged Alotech's chief executive officer to obtain
two corporate credit cards--one in Black's name and one in the CEO's name--to be
used in case of emergency. Black also obtained a debit card without
authorization of Alotech of the company's CEO, according to court documents.

Black began issuing multiple corporate checks for his personal benefit around
early 2011, and withdrawing cash from ATMs with the unauthorized debit card,
according to court documents.

Around October 2011, Black met multiple women through the website
www.seekingarrangements.com. The website purported to match younger females,
approximately 20-30 years old, with rich, older men. The men agreed to provide
the women with cash and gifts in exchange for their companionship, according to
court documents.

Between October 2011 and August 2012, Black provided cash and gifts with money
that he fraudulently obtained from Alotech. These include multiple personal
vacations to Chicago and numerous purchases there. This also includes purchases
at Hannoush Jewelry, Macy's.com, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth
Avenue and Victoria's Secret, according to court documents.

He also purchased two automobiles for one of the women, including an Audi,
according to court documents.

This indictment is the result of an investigation by Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney
Derek Kleinmann.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              245 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 7, 1993, Wednesday, Final Edition

Md. Panel Issues Report on Plight of Black Males

Paul W. Valentine, Richard Tapscott, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D2

LENGTH: 550 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE, July 6


A state commission that has spent three years studying the social and
educational problems of young black males proposed a wide-ranging set of
solutions today, from offering more drug treatment to eliminating standardized
testing in public schools.

The 123-page report, released by the Governor's Commission on Black Males, urges
a broad effort by the state, businesses and volunteers to reduce
disproportionately high rates of unemployment, arrest, imprisonment, AIDS
infection and school failure among young black men.

Both Gov. William Donald Schaefer and commission Chairman Elijah E. Cummings, a
Democratic state delegate from Baltimore, acknowledged that some of the report's
recommendations may face opposition, particularly those that call for financial
commitments from state government. The report contains no cost estimates for its
recommendations.

"Implementation's going to be very difficult," Schaefer said at a news
conference.

But Cummings added, "This report is the beginning of change." He noted that the
report urges that many costs be borne by the private sector rather than the
state.

Several General Assembly leaders, saying they have not seen the report, said the
recommendations likely will be received sympathetically, but items costing money
will have trouble getting approval.

The commission's report speaks largely in generalities about the need to reverse
the "erosion of [black male] self-esteem" and the "attitude of despair" caused
by blacks' "exclusion from the larger society."

Among other things, it urges equal government expenditures on drug treatment and
drug enforcement, emphasizing "treatment of the root causes of the substance
abuse problem and resulting capture and confinement of drug offenders."

Cummings said the commission had no figures on current state funding of drug
treatment compared with drug enforcement, but he said most of the money goes to
enforcement.

The commission's report also recommends that the state develop a way to
restructure public education to better serve black males. Such a restructuring
might include abolishing standardized testing that the report says discriminates
against students from low-income families, especially blacks.

In addition, the report calls for:Expanding numerous state-run programs to
improve health treatment and medical insurance for young blacks.

Emphasizing male role models and African American cultural pride.

Tapping the black business sector for resources in training young black men.

Expanding the state's paramilitary prison boot camp for young offenders.

In voicing general support for the report, several legislative leaders cautioned
that money for new or expanded programs is scarce.

"We have a task force going on education funding," said Sen. Laurence Levitan
(D-Montgomery), chairman of the Senate Budget and Taxation Committee, "and I
think the conclusion is going to be that dollars don't solve [all] the
problems."

Del. Joseph F. Vallario Jr. (D-Prince George's), chairman of the House Judiciary
Committee, said the proposal to put equal emphasis on the root causes of drug
abuse and law enforcement sounds good but may be unrealistic.

"We only have so many dollars to spend," he said, "and law enforcement and
education are the keys at this point."


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GOV. WILLIAM DONALD SCHAEFER.

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              246 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 28, 1995, Sunday, Final Edition

Why Black Voters Snub the GOP

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg.  C08; CLOSE TO HOME

LENGTH: 473 words


The Virginia Republican Party recently invited 6,000 blacks to a rally in
Richmond at the Arthur Ashe Athletic Center. Nine blacks showed up. I think I
can explain the reasons behind this pathetic turnout.

I am the first black ever to be elected as national committeeman for the Young
Republican Federation of Virginia, and I am heavily involved in Virginia
politics. Yet I wince when I hear people like state GOP Chairman Patrick M.
McSweeney say that it's not "cost-effective" to court black votes. And I, like
other blacks, am insulted when he says, "the Great Society has done more harm to
black America than 300 years of slavery. . . . It has torn apart the black
family and community." That comparison minimizes the devastations of slavery,
which cannot be compared to anything else this country has ever done to blacks.
It's such insensitivity that makes it difficult for the GOP to attract black
voters.

Blacks find it even more difficult to overlook the behavior of blacks involved
in the GOP. How can Kay Coles James, the state's secretary of health and human
resources, maintain that blacks' "perception" of Republicans differs from the
"reality," when party leaders make their lack of interest in the black vote
apparent at every turn?

I happen to believe that the Republican philosophy is a good one for blacks. Our
message of less government, lower taxes, welfare reform and tough penalties for
crime is consistent with the thinking in the black community. But for the party
to make inroads into the black community it will have to make major changes.

The state party first would need a change in leadership. Sen. John Warner, Rep.
Tom Bliley, Del. Clint Miller and other party officials who have a track record
of courting the black vote should hold a press conference to seek the
participation of blacks on every level of the party apparatus.

Black Republicans should also be willing to take the party's message into the
black community. Simultaneously, blacks would need to become involved in raising
money for candidates, as well as funding the campaigns of blacks seeking
elective office. Blacks could force the Republican Party to the table through
money and votes, the languages every politician understands.

When we come to the table with money and votes, then the George Allens and Jim
Gilmores won't be able to snub black voters. Allen, for example, was invited to
the disastrous rally but sent regrets. State Attorney General Gilmore had "some
office business to take care of."

I have spent 10 years of my life (six in Virginia) working on behalf of the
Republican Party. I believe the Republican message will benefit blacks, and I
cannot allow the party leadership to continue to discount my community. It is
time Republicans began to walk the walk of inclusion.

-- Raynard Jackson

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              247 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 27, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

INVESTING WITH: Scott M. Black;
Kobren Delphi Value Fund

BYLINE: By CAROLE GOULD

SECTION: Section 3;  Page 9;  Column 1;  Money and Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 979 words


FOR years, Scott M. Black, president of Delphi Management, a Boston money
management firm with $915 million in assets, has preached the merits of deep
value investing. With his thick Down East accent, Mr. Black, a native of
Portland, Me., was always ready to pull out a passel of research showing how
small-capitalization value stocks outperform other equities.

Encountering a sizzling record like Mr. Black's, people listened. Since he
started Delphi in January 1980, Mr. Black has returned 17.6 percent, annualized,
to investors, net of fees, through June 30. That compares to just 14.4 percent
for the Russell 2000 index of small-cap stocks, according to Ibbotson
Associates, a research firm in Chicago.

Mr. Black's minimum investment, $5 million, deterred many. But now, for the
first time, retail investors are able to invest with Mr. Black, through the
Kobren Delphi Value fund, a new no-load fund with a $2,500 minimum that is being
marketed by Kobren Insight Group, a money manager in Wellesley Hills, Mass.

Why the 19-year wait to start a mutual fund? "When we looked at the economics,
we didn't want to compete with the likes of Fidelity," he said, adding that
pressure from investors finally got the better of him. "We keep getting calls
from people who want to invest with us, and I had to turn them away. Here's a
way for us to capture that money."

Need anyone fret that his style will be diluted in the mutual fund format? No,
he said. "I don't get tempted to stray," Mr. Black said. "What we do isn't
glamorous, but it works consistently over time."

Mr. Black, 52, is also known in the art world for buying Impressionist art at
what many consider bargain prices. He bought "Deux Femmes Fait le Lit," a
Toulouse-Lautrec oil of two prostitutes making a bed, at Christie's in November.
A deal? "Oh, yes," he said. "It was well under $1 million. If you like the
subject, it's a fantastic Toulouse-Lautrec. It's been exhibited everywhere."

He brings a similar eye for quality to his deep value investing style.

In looking at companies, Mr. Black watches for growing earnings and revenues,
for example, along with returns on equity of 15 percent or more. Often, that
means passing up restructuring plays. "We don't like cost reductions, which only
work short-term," he said, adding that he likes to keep turnover in his
portfolio to below 50 percent a year.

He also favors cash-generating companies with solid balance sheets. Cash exceeds
debt in 40 percent of the companies he owns.

For banks and insurers and what he calls other "mundane businesses," he pays no
more than half the normal market multiple of price to earnings, and he sells a
stock as the ratio reaches those of its peers.

For asset-rich companies, like oil concerns, he buys at a discount to, say,
proven reserves. For media companies, he uses his estimate of their takeover
value. In both cases, he sells as the discount disappears.

With an overall P/E ratio of just 14, based on anticipated 1999 earnings, the
stocks in Delphi Management's accounts have some of the lowest valuations in the
small-cap universe. "We're absolute value players, not relative value," he said.

Yet, unlike many value managers, he does not shrug off technology companies. "At
times we'll own tech, but they have to be down and out, selling at close to book
value with a prospect of rebound for their earnings," he said.

Often, that means drawing a bead on a beaten-down target and waiting for an
improvement in the earnings outlook. Mr. Black is now watching Silicon Valley
Group, a semiconductor equipment maker, which closed at $10.75 a share on
Thursday, down from its 52-week high of $27.875 because of the cyclical nature
of the business as well as slack demand in Asia. Its book value is $17, but he
is not yet ready to buy. "There's more bloodletting to come, because the
earnings power hasn't come back on," he said.

MR. BLACK has been adding to his holdings in Grey Advertising, which he started
buying in 1982 at less than $5 a share. Grey now sells for $348.50 a share, less
than 13 times Mr. Black's 1999 earnings estimate of $27 to $28 a share. That
compares with P/E multiples of more than 29 for two rivals, Interpublic and
Omnicom. Grey has yet to recover from the August selloff, is illiquid and not
closely tracked on Wall Street.

He likes the pricing flexibility of advertising companies. "It's what Warren
Buffett used to refer to as a 'royalty rent franchise,' " he said. "There's not
another business in the U.S. that can mark up its prices 5 percent every Jan.
1." Mr. Black thinks Grey's return on equity will be 18 percent going forward.

At the end of 1997, Mr. Black began buying shares of Claire's Stores, a retailer
of costume jewelry, at $14 a share; it now trades at $18.875. "It's a legitimate
15 percent grower with more than $120 million of cash on its balance sheet and
no debt," he said. The company has annual sales of $300 a square foot in its
stores, a figure he calls "amazing" compared with the norm of $150 to $225 at
rival stores. For 1999, he expects the retailer to have a return on equity of 25
percent and earnings of $1.60 to $1.65 a share, giving Claire Stores a P/E of
under 12.

He is also finding wealth in oil-related stocks. "I'm bottom-fishing the energy
stocks because they've been blown out -- energy prices are so low," Mr. Black
said.

One favorite is Cabot Oil and Gas of Houston, a natural-gas producer whose
output is growing 10 to 12 percent annually. "I like to buy growth, not just
assets in the ground," Mr. Black said.

He started buying shares last October at $13 to $14. The stock closed at $15 on
Thursday, just five times the low-end of his expectations of per-share cash flow
next year. Mr. Black puts the company's breakup value at $22 a share, so it
sells for a 32 percent discount; many rivals command premiums.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: As reflected in his taste for art, the Boston money manager
Scott M. Black brings an eye for quality to his style of deep value investing.
(Kirsten Elstner for The New York Times)

Chart: "Kobren Delphi Value Fund"
Net assets: $4.1 million
Inception: Dec. 17, 1998
Manager: Scott M. Black (since inception)
Minimum purchase: $2,500 ($2,000 I.R.A.)
Turnover: Less than 50%*

Fees
Front-end load: None
Deferred load: None
12b-1 fee: 0.25%
Expense ratio: 1.48%

(Source: Company reports)

*Estimate

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              248 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              March 01, 2000, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Claims trouble Spurrier

BYLINE: JOANNE KORTH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 626 words



UF's football coach says he is unsure what to do about 3 ex-players accused of
taking agent money while in school.

Florida football coach Steve Spurrier was disappointed by news that former
players Ike Hilliard, Fred Taylor and Jacquez Green accepted money from an agent
during their final seasons at UF.

He also was perplexed.

Spurrier took a hard stance against ex-players Jevon Kearse, Johnny Rutledge and
Reggie McGrew, excommunicating them from the program after they admitted taking
cash from a runner for agent William "Tank" Black during the 1998 season.

Spurrier is not sure what to do about Hilliard, Taylor and Green, beloved
members of the Gators' 1996 national championship team who have returned to
campus for many visits.

It is a violation of NCAA rules for athletes to accept benefits from agents
before their eligibility expires.

"We'll have to try to find the best way to handle it," Spurrier said. "It's a
lot like last year. When you first hear it, you're hurt by it, but time heals
all wounds. We can't turn our backs on them. They brought in a lot of money and
recognition to this university."

  Black was indicted Monday in U.S. District Court, accused of scamming NFL
players out of millions of dollars since 1996. Among the claims in the
indictment was that Alfred Twitty, an employee of Black's Professional
Management Inc. agency, gave money to Hilliard, Taylor and Green before their
eligibility expired. According to the indictment, Twitty gave cash to and paid
expenses for Hilliard during fall 1996, and Taylor and Green, a Tampa Bay Bucs
receiver, in November and December 1997 in an effort to secure them as clients
for Black.

  Contacted in Gainesville on Tuesday, Taylor declined to comment. Hilliard and
Green could not be reached.

  Spurrier acted swiftly with Kearse, Rutledge and McGrew. He banned them from
the school's facilities, took their pictures off the locker room walls and
eliminated them from UF's record book. Spurrier plans to confer with athletic
director Jeremy Foley about Hilliard, Taylor and Green.

  "They're no different from the three last year," Spurrier said, "but I really
feel sorry for those guys with the money that they've lost. You're talking about
serious millions that they lost."

  Black is accused of defrauding more than a dozen clients of between $
12.5-million and $ 14-million by gaining control of their NFL salaries and
bonuses, funneling the money into accounts and using it for his benefit, the
indictment said.

  Taylor has accused Black of cheating him of nearly $ 3-million. The indictment
lists two payments - one of $ 2.7-million and one of $ 650,000 - from Taylor's
account at Black's agency to accounts in the Cayman Islands that the government
contends were used to launder the money.

  Black is charged with conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire and bank fraud;
conspiracy to commit money laundering, and criminal forfeiture. If convicted, he
faces a maximum of $ 750,000 in fines and 25 years in prison.

   Florida has said is does not expect trouble with the NCAA because of the
allegations against Hilliard, Taylor and Green.

Spurrier said money is a complex issue with college athletes. During Spurrier's
recruitment of Kirkwood, Mo., linebacker Darrell Lee, a blue-chip member of the
Gators' 2000 recruiting class, Lee's mother told her son that if he went to
Florida, she would get to see him play only once a year because of travel costs.

  "That's not right for a mother or parents not to be able to see their son play
football," Spurrier said. "We've got to find a way to pay some of these kids,
maybe the needy kids, some kind of money, with all the money they bring into the
university by playing here."


LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Steve Spurrier

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              249 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           August 28, 2013 Wednesday
                                  Mich Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 468 words


Here are the real death panels you've heard about

Recent and multiple attempts by GOP House members and U.S. Rep. Jackie Walorski,
R-Jimtown, to limit access (by repeal) to the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare)
for health care coverage of 32 million fellow Americans, approximately 50,000 of
which are in Walorski's congressional district, many of whom have pre-existing
medical issues, by definition, are "death panels."

Jim Lichkay South Bend Medicaid If it wasn't so horrible, it would be funny!
"Michigan covers 1.9 million," and looking to "cover nearly a half million more
adults." "To save money." And, that works ... how? Then there is "do it now
because it's paid for entirely by the U.S. government in 2014, 2015 and 2016."
Scuuuuuze me, but anyone ever hear "There's no free lunch"? Our government has
no money. It takes our money, and gives our money to people who decide they
don't want to work, and depend on government to take care of them, cradle to
grave.

Then, when government stops paying in full for these half-million after 2016, it
becomes the responsibility of the states to pay 10 percent of the cost. And,
where is the state going to get all that money? From increasing taxes on workers
who got an education. "Redistribution" from those who have, to those who don't
have. Oh, that would be communism, of course, comrades!

William Luban

Vandalia

CPR

Why in our school system, when a child reaches the age of 16,is he or she
eligible to take a driver's education test without first passing a CPR course?
The life they may save could be yours. Make sense?

Bill Kay

New Carlisle

Suggestions

Reference "Wrong way," Voice letter on July 27. The author correctly cited the
need for personal responsibility and accountability. But I believe he omits two
main subjects: The cause and the possible solutions to the problem of black
youths doing poorly in school and in employment. The black youth unemployment
rate is 42.9 percent while the white rate is half of that. The black high school
drop-out rate is very high.

Why? Black kids are very likely to come from fatherless homes. Numerous studies
have indicated this leads to poor attitude toward academics. Seventy-three
percent of black babies are born out of wedlock. Also, young blacks score much
lower than Asians and whites on the SAT. This leads to lack of performance in
writing, and in arithmetic, which makes them unemployable. Are there any
solutions? I'm not saying these suggestions will solve the problem, but they
might help.

1. Expand the school voucher program so young black kids can attend better
schools.

2. Ask our black leaders to use their pulpits to encourage births after marriage
and fathers to be responsible for their offspring.

3. Stop government aid for unwed mothers after two children.

Charles Tychsen

Mishawaka

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   October 22, 1996, Tuesday, JOURNAL EDITION

'96;
Fund-raising boosts Republican challengers;
Black Democratic incumbents face well-financed opposition in two races for U.S.
House seats.

BYLINE: Ken Foskett; WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 01C

LENGTH: 626 words


Republican challengers are holding their own in the fund-raising contests
against black Democratic incumbents in two closely watched Georgia congressional
races, according to the latest contribution reports.

In the last three months, GOP candidate John Mitnick raised $ 157,000 in new
contributions and loaned himself $ 50,000 in his bid to defeat Rep. Cynthia
McKinney in the 4th District. In all, Mitnick has loaned his campaign $ 150,000
this year, reports filed with the Federal Election Commission show.

Republican candidate Darrel Ealum also has raised enough money during the third
quarter to stay competitive with Rep. Sanford Bishop (D- 2nd District), another
black incumbent facing a white challenger.

McKinney and Bishop's formerly majority-black districts were redrawn by the
courts last year.

Democratic challengers, meanwhile, have in many cases failed to raise much money
and are short on cash.

Rosemary Kaszans, trying to unseat Rep. Jack Kingston (R-1st District) along the
Georgia coast, was the poorest candidate fielded by the two major parties,
reporting $ 289 in the bank as of Sept. 30. State Rep. Tommy Stephenson
(D-Commerce), running against Rep. John Linder in the new 11th District,
reported only $ 1,754 of available cash.

"I really have lots of moral support, which is equally important to the
financial (support)," Kaszans said. "It's not something I can be concerned
about."

Republican incumbents Mac Collins (R-3rd District), Bob Barr (R-7th District)
and Saxby Chambliss (R-8th District) also hold substantial financial advantages
over their Democratic challengers.

Democratic challengers are most competitive in the 9th District covering North
Georgia, represented by Rep. Nathan Deal, and in the 10th District around
Augusta, represented by Rep. Charlie Norwood.

State Rep. Ken Poston (D-Ringgold), in a fierce fight against Deal, was the only
Democratic challenger to report raising more money in the last three months than
his Republican opponent.

In the crucial area of available cash, however, Poston reported $ 150,519 to
Deal's $ 208,445.

Thanks to loans to himself of more than $ 1 million, cookie maker Michael Coles
has also managed to stay competitive in his bid to oust House Speaker Newt
Gingrich (R-6th District).

Incumbents typically enjoy a fund-raising advantage because they can begin
raising money for their re-election as soon as their current term begins, Jan. 1
1995. Challengers, on the other hand, often do not begin fund-raising until the
year of the election.

"It doesn't bode well for those Democrats that are being wildly outspent," said
Georgia State University political scientist Michael Binford. "You don't have
enough money to make voters aware that you are out there."

Preliminary analysis of the most recent campaign reports for Georgia candidates
suggests that Republicans and Democrats are turning to vastly different sources
for their money.

Republican candidates reported large political action committee contributions
from business interests, while Democrats reported raising much of their PAC
money from labor unions.

McKinney received $ 5,000 contributions - the maximum for a general election -
from the teamsters and steel workers unions and the union representing
government employees.

McKinney was also heavily supported by subscribers to Emily's List, a PAC
devoted to women's causes.

Mitnick, her opponent, received $ 5,000 contributions from the American Dental
PAC, the American Medical PAC and the National Federation of Independent
Businesses.

Ealum was the only Republican candidate who failed to raise substantial portion
of his funds from PACs, accepting only $ 1,500 in PAC contributions during this
reporting period.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              251 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday

POLICE BEAT

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 532  words


GLEN BURNIE

Man robbed on trail

An Arnold man was robbed at knifepoint on the Baltimore-Annapolis Trail near
Marley Station mall Sunday afternoon, county police said.

The 27-year-old man told police he was walking on the trail near the bridge at
1:31 p.m. when he was approached by two men.

One man showed a knife and demanded money. The victim complied and the two men
ran off toward a residential area, police said.

The man with the knife is white, in his 20s, about 5 feet, 11 inches tall, with
a thin build. He had a scruffy beard and was wearing black sweatpants and a gray
sweatshirt with the letters "BYU" in blue.

The other man is white, in his teens, about 5 feet, 9 inches tall. He was
clean-shaven and wore a black windbreaker and blue jeans, police said.

Salon robbed

County police officers are looking for two men who robbed a Glen Burnie tanning
salon last week.

An employee of Palm Beach Tan, 13 Wellham Ave., told police that two men came
into the salon at 7:52 p.m. on Dec. 27 demanding money and pointing a shotgun.

The employee gave money to the men, who drove off in a four-door Ford Focus that
may have been white.

One robber is black, in his 20s, about 5 feet 11 inches tall, weighing 190
pounds. He was wearing a black hoodie, blue jeans, black gloves and a nylon mask
with eye holes.

The other robber is white, in his 20s, also 5 feet 11 inches tall and weighing
190 pounds. He wore a gray hoodie, blue jeans, black shoes, black gloves and a
nylon mask.

Pasadena

Man falls off roof

Emergency crews responded to the 1200 block of Homewood Road in Pasadena
yesterday to treat a 59-year-old Pasadena man who'd fallen from the roof of his
home.

The man was transported to Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore with
serious but not life-threatening injuries, fire officials said.

No other information on the incident was available.

BROOKLYN PARK

Pizza shop robbed

A pizza shop on Belle Grove Road was robbed late Saturday night, county police
said.

Two men walked into Pizza City at 5621 Belle Grove Road shortly before 11 p.m.
One of them pointed a black handgun at a worker and ordered him to go to the
back of the store.

The gunman then pushed another employee away from the cash register and took
money, county police said.

One robber is black, about 5-feet 6-inches tall, weighing 170 to 180 pounds,
with a medium build. He wore blue jeans, a purple hooded sweatshirt, and a dark
cloth on his face.

The other robber is black, 5-feet 8-inches tall, weighing 170 to 180 pounds,
with a medium build. He wore blue jeans, a green hooded sweatshirt and a dark
cloth on his face, police said.

JESSUP

Motorist arrested

County police charged a Prince George's County man with drug charges following a
traffic stop Thursday night.

At 9:24 p.m., an officer pulled over motorist driving a 2003 Infiniti near
Montevideo Road and Belclare Road. Police did not say what type of traffic
violation led to the stop.

During a search of the driver, an officer found 126 grams of cocaine worth
$12,600, police said.

Darrell Michael Steven Quick, 30, of District Heights, was charged with
possession of cocaine with the intent to distribute and possession of cocaine,
police said. He was being held on $100,000 bond.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            June 11, 2003 Wednesday

Billionaire Johnson unveils plan to buy bank or finance co.

BYLINE: John O'Connor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 610 words


The nation's first black billionaire is interested in acquiring a bank or
financial company to provide better access and lower interest rates for minority
loans nationwide.

Robert L. Johnson, the founder and chief executive of Viacom-owned Black
Entertainment Television, made the announcement to Baltimore business people at
a breakfast hosted by the Baltimore branch of the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People yesterday. The goals, Johnson said, are to reduce
the interest rates for black families and make more money available for
businesses looking to start or expand.

"You put more money into the marketplace," Johnson said. "You create more
economic growth, you create more jobs."

Blacks were more likely to buy on credit, Johnson said, and his lending house
would target blacks carrying 18 percent interest rates on credit cards or high
car loans. Johnson also would focus on home and student loans. Access to
lower-interest capital, he said, was the most important factor for black
economic development.

"If we have an institution that understands our economics then I think we could
see more lending in our communities," he said. "There's a whole lot of money
being made off of minority debt. That's where a lot of our money is going, it's
going to pay off our debt."

Johnson did not provide specifics about which institution he intended to acquire
and whether or not it would be located in Baltimore, but added that he hoped to
have more details within a month or two.

Since selling BET to Viacom for $1.3 billion in stock in 2000, Johnson has moved
into the hotel business. Baltimore has been a fruitful market for his company,
RLJ Development LLC, and Johnson has entered a bid to build a new convention
center hotel. Johnson ranks 149th on the Forbes list of the 400 wealthiest
Americans and 348th worldwide.

Johnson recently purchased the National Basketball Association expansion
franchise in Charlotte, N.C., and makes his home in Washington, he said, but
Baltimore is his "heart" and he is attracted by the growth the city offers.

"I'm very hopeful," said state Sen. Verna Jones, a Democrat who represents the
city. "I think that Baltimore is positioned well. I saw his commitment. ... He's
a shrewd businessman and he would not talk about bringing the initiative to
Baltimore unless it was a fertile ground."

Baltimore could benefit from Johnson's vision, said Lt. Gov. Michael S. Steele.
Gov. Robert L. Ehrlich Jr. has charged Steele with reforming the state's
minority business enterprise program, which requires 25 percent of state
contracts to be awarded to businesses owned by women or other minorities.

"It's huge, huge," Steele said. "It's a great opportunity. He could set the
trend. ... That just lit my fire."

Johnson also urged the business community to partner more with minority
businesses and cited his own story as an example.

When founding BET in the late 1970s. Johnson approached TCI cable executive John
Malone for a $500,000 loan. Malone offered to buy 20 percent ownership and loan
Johnson the other 80 percent. Years later, when Johnson asked Malone why he
never tried to buy BET outright, Malone told Johnson, "You would work harder for
yourself than you would for me."

Minority equity, Johnson said, allowed both businesses to benefit, because as
minority businesses grow they can do more business with larger partners. When
seeking capital and investment, Johnson said, startups need the seal of approval
that an established firm provides.

"I hope," Jones said of the bankers, insurance executives and others gathered,
"the people in the audience heard that."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Mergers and acquisitions

                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires


                              253 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 16, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Reporter's Notebook;
Jackson Challenges 'Capital of Capital'

BYLINE: By JOSEPH KAHN

SECTION: Section C; Page 3; Column 4; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1029 words


The Rev. Jesse Jackson's push to get minority-owned companies a bigger slice of
America's economic pie has shown early results. But to judge by the reaction of
the hundreds of mostly black executives who attended his second annual Wall
Street Project conference in lower Manhattan the last two days, a main
attraction is still Mr. Jackson himself.

In seminars above the snow clouds at the top of the World Trade Center, on the
podium above the neon tickers of the New York Stock Exchange, introducing
President Clinton or hobnobbing with Wall Street tycoons at a black-tie soiree,
Mr. Jackson teased, inspired and generally enthralled the crowd. His
rolling-thunder speaking style, his witty asides, sprawling metaphors and
full-flower alliteration had this button-down collection of businessmen and
businesswoman laughing, clapping, chanting approval and spewing scorn.

Mr. Jackson said his Rainbow/PUSH Coalition had come to Wall Street -- what he
calls "the capital of capital" -- to find new ways for blacks,
Hispanic-Americans and other members of minorities to make money. And money was
the constant refrain. "We have invited President Clinton to this place to talk
about money, not about Monica," Mr. Jackson told one gathering. Government and
business must learn to invest in minority areas, he said. "Money does grow on
trees if it's planted in the money mud," he added.

He encouraged supporters to embrace corporate America -- sometimes with a bear
hug. "Sharecroppers are becoming shareholders," he said. "We have taken our
battle from the picket line to the board room."

By Mr. Jackson's estimate, 68 percent of Fortune 500 companies have no
minorities on their boards, and he promises new scrutiny. He announced that the
Wall Street Project had bought stock in more than 100 American multinationals,
and he planned to use that status to urge companies to increase the jobs and
contracts won by minorities.

"We will now ask, he said, "who is on our board of directors? Who are our top
100 employees. What are our community reinvestment commitments? Who are our
vendors. Our attorneys. Our accountants?"

Mr. Jackson regaled one seminar with an anecdote of his visit to the Boeing
Company in Seattle, where he spent time with Philip M. Condit, the chief
executive. Boeing is facing a discrimination suit by black employees who
complain that opportunities are limited there. Mr. Condit introduced him to some
employees who are members of minorities, including a pilot. But Mr. Jackson said
he was more interested in the statistic that every Boeing 747 has four million
parts.

"At this stage of our struggle, we need to measure progress not just by pilots
and flight attendants but also by contracts to supply rivets, pistons, carpets
and, yes, peanuts," Mr. Jackson said. "By legal firms retained and advertising
agencies hired." His name for this strategy: Revenue Return Relative. For the
nearly $600 billion that blacks spend in America each year, he explained, they
should get a corresponding share of the service and manufacturing contracts
companies award.

Building Closer Encounters

Sipping a cocktail on the floor of the stock exchange, Kevin E. Davis, president
of the New York-based investment banking firm May Davis Group, is having a
friendly chat with a stranger. The stranger does not offer his name, but says he
works for Morgan Stanley Dean Witter, the Wall Street bank.

Mr. Davis, who is black, quickly shifts to salesman mode. How many black-owned
fund management firms does Morgan Stanley use? Has he heard of May Davis's
convertible equity product? The Morgan Stanley executive, who is white, demurs,
fails to find a business card in his bulging wallet, and politely escapes.

"I find it hard to believe that he doesn't have a card," Mr. Davis scoffs after
the encounter. He warned that Wall Street firms could not ignore investment
services provided by blacks and other minorities for long. Governments and
companies that have funds to invest, he said, want to see more diversity among
their fund managers.

"He will lose business unless he opens up the process," Mr. Davis said.

That was one of a thousand encounters at the conference, where Mr. Jackson
pushed executives to get to know one another in designated "networking
sessions." But while there were businessmen of all races taking advantage of the
opportunity, many also ruminated on the obstacles that remain for black-owned
companies that are trying to get contracts from the Fortune 500.

"Rev. Jackson can bring people to the table, but then you have to sell
yourself," said Bennie L. Hadnott, managing partner of Watson Rice L.L.P., a New
York accounting firm. "It is all about developing personal contacts, not just
opening the door." Watson is one of a few large black-owned accounting firms in
the United States, and it has some marquee clients, Mr. Hadnott said. But
winning new business is a struggle.

"When you are working with people's gold, it's an exclusive club," he said. "I
call it the green ceiling."

Likewise, Julius Alston Jr. of Alston Insurance Services of New Jersey said big
business had grown accustomed to buying some parts made by black-owned
companies, but not using services they provide.

"The water gets muddy in services," he said. "People only think of goods. The
architects, the engineers get locked out." He added, "This is not about widgets
anymore."

A Year of Progress

The Wall Street Project had a shaky start last year, some attendees say. The
turnout was good, but the message was muddled and the results were few. This
year, the message was clear, the turnout was impressive despite dismal weather,
and Mr. Jackson's press people were busy tallying a laundry list of corporate
and government programs that help minorities.

Among the results: President Clinton said he would ask Congress to set aside $1
billion over five years to provide enticement for private investment in
economically distressed urban and rural areas. But Mr. Jackson said he was proud
of efforts by big corporations to delegate for minority-owned companies a
portion of the services that they contract out to minority-owned companies.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              254 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 22, 2010 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE AREA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 312 words


Man breaks into home, threatens 19-year-old

A man broke into an Augusta home and threatened a 19-year-old woman with a steak
knife early Sunday.

A Richmond County sheriff's report says the incident occurred about 1:40 a.m. in
the 2000 block of Leonard Drive. The woman said the man climbed through a
window, came upstairs and woke her up demanding money. When she told him she had
no money, he threatened her with the knife and forced her into her mother's
room.

The mother said that when she told the robber to get out he panicked and ran
downstairs. He took two video games and fled through a rear door.

The robber was described as black, about 20 years old, about 6 feet 1 inch tall,
weighing about 150 pounds and wearing a black leather jacket, a black shirt and
blue jeans. He covered his face with a black shirt.

Gunman flees business without getting cash

Authorities are looking for a man who tried to rob a restaurant in Hephzibah at
gunpoint Saturday night.

According to a Richmond County sheriff's report, the man entered KFC at 4106
Windsor Spring Road about 9 p.m. and demanded money. When an employee told him
she did not have the key to the register, he tried to open it himself, and the
employee fled through a side door. The would-be robber fled in a silver and
black midsize sedan, the report says.

He was described as black, between 5 feet 5 inches and 5 feet 7 inches tall and
weighing between 175 and 180 pounds. He was wearing a black ski mask, a
camouflage jacket, khaki pants, a black shirt and white tennis shoes.

Burglar takes money from school machines

Someone broke into Murphey Middle School over the weekend and damaged three
vending machines.

The break-in occurred between 11 p.m. Friday and 1:30 p.m. Sunday at the school
at 2610 Milledgeville Road, according to a Richmond County sheriff's report.
Change was missing from each machine.

- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                           December 20, 2005 Tuesday

Moral, financial support key to cultural center plan

BYLINE: Bill Zlatos

LENGTH: 579 words


Developers of Pittsburgh's planned African American Cultural Center are taking
steps to avoid the financial pitfalls that have threatened older black-themed
institutions, including a pitch to involve the city's black ministers early on.

Organizers have raised more than $27 million from public and private sources for
the $32.7 million center, said center President Neil Barclay. Construction of
the three-story building on Liberty Avenue, near the David L. Lawrence
Convention Center, Downtown, is expected to start in the spring and be completed
in fall 2007.

Its supporters say the facility will provide a 500-seat theater and unique
programming to attract visitors to the Cultural District. The design was one way
officials planned to help offset financial and operational challenges.

"Any new museum being formed today is a struggle," said Ed Able, president and
CEO of the American Association of Museums in Washington, D.C. "Any time you
start a new nonprofit, it's competing against institutions in the community with
a long track record of support."

The Chronicle of Philanthropy, an independent weekly on the nonprofit sector,
estimates that other new black-themed centers are being planned at a combined
cost of about $1 billion. Some, such as the Muhammad Ali Center in Louisville,
Ky., and the Tubman Museum in Macon, Ga., have had a hard time attracting black
donors. Older black-themed institutions have recently faced financial problems.

The African American Museum in Philadelphia reported a $500,000 deficit last
year and for six months laid off its staff. In Detroit, paid attendance at the
Charles H. Wright Museum of African American History dropped from 200,000 in
1997 to 40,000 in 2002. The museum was raising millions for a new facility, but
lacked money for daily operating expenses.

Those two facilities have since rebounded, and their leaders say Pittsburgh's
center could be successful, if building costs don't overwhelm the project and
officials find ways to raise money from operations.

In order to contain costs, Pittsburgh officials scuttled proposals to build a
hotel atop the center and a parking garage below it. To help generate revenue,
the center will feature a Barnes & Noble-style bookstore and gift shop, a
theater and a music cafe. The center also could make money by developing
temporary, touring exhibits.

Getting blacks to support the center is key, said Christy Coleman, president of
Detroit's Wright Museum, because many blacks support churches, education and
social services rather than the arts.

Barclay said the center will invite black ministers to have dinner with CeCe
Winans, a Grammy-winning gospel singer whom it is sponsoring, in March.

"One of the reasons there hasn't been a lot of giving to cultural institutions
by African-Americans is because they haven't been asked," Barclay said.

Involving black churches is a creative idea, said Sylvia Fields, program
director for the Eden Hall Foundation, which has pledged $1 million toward the
center. "That was kind of a gateway into the giving of everyday people," she
said.

Janet Sarbaugh, director of arts and culture for The Heinz Endowments, the
center's biggest supporter to date at $4 million, said the center must succeed
to change Pittsburgh's image regarding race.

"If this institution is successful as we all believe it will be," she said, "it
will change both the local feelings and the national perception of Pittsburgh
(to) a place that values diversity."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 4, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

For Black Memorial, It's Build or Bust

BYLINE: By JAMES BROOKE

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 14;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1105 words

DATELINE: DENVER, Aug. 3


In a cavernous sculpture studio here, Ed Dwight tweaked wax into a colonial
tricorn hat, filling out the Continental Army uniform of a soldier with markedly
African features.

With each wax musket and powder horn, a maquette is taking shape of a memorial
to the 5,000 black soldiers and sailors who fought for colonial America's
freedom -- and for their own. The Black Revolutionary War Patriots Memorial
would be the first permanent tribute to black people on the National Mall in
Washington.

But like every other new memorial and museum in Washington -- the United States
Holocaust Memorial Museum, the Vietnam Veterans Memorial, the Korean War
Memorial and, now, the Franklin D. Roosevelt Memorial -- the Black Patriots
Memorial has its share of drama and controversy.

"I feel the way Paul Revere must have: the deadline is coming, the deadline is
coming," Wayne F. Smith, executive director of the Black Patriots Foundation,
the organizer for the memorial, said in an interview from Washington.

The backers face an immutable deadline: build by Oct. 27 or lose the spot to one
of 69 other groups that have petitioned the National Park Service for the last
space permitted for monuments on the Mall.

Ten years after Congress voted to authorize the memorial, which has to be built
entirely with private money, one-third of the needed $9 million has been pledged
or raised. All of it must be on hand before work can start.

In 1992, dissatisfied with the pace of fund raising, the foundation board
removed the co-founder and first president of the organization, Maurice A.
Barboza.

Congress has yet to vote on a bill to allow the minting of a commemorative coin,
a mechanism that helped pay for the Vietnam Veterans and Korean War Memorials.

So acute is the problem that the foundation has hired a fund-raising
organization to make a frantic all-out push in the final 100 days. Last month,
thousands of appeal letters went out across the nation.

Long whitewashed from the history books, blacks played a significant role in the
Revolutionary War, starting with Crispus Attucks, the first American casualty.
He died in the Boston Massacre in 1770. George Washington, a Virginia slave
owner, initially rejected appeals by black freemen in Boston to join the
Continental Army. But he reversed his stand after British officers had recruited
large numbers of slaves by promising them freedom at the war's end.

Some slaves joined the colonists', paying for their freedom with sign-up
bounties. Massachusetts and Rhode Island fielded all-black units, but most
blacks were scattered through the Revolutionary army, fighting in integrated
units.

In addition to bearing arms, blacks aided the Continental Army and Navy as ship
pilots, blacksmiths, teamsters and spies. When Washington crossed the Delaware,
two black soldiers were at the oars.

"It was not for their own land they fought, nor even for a land which had
adopted them, but for a land which had enslaved them, and whose laws, even in
freedom, oftener oppressed than protected," Harriet Beecher Stowe wrote in 1855
for a history, "Colored Patriots of the American Revolution." "Bravery, under
such circumstances, has a peculiar beauty and merit."

Today, fund raisers for the Revolutionary War memorial suffer from a handicap
not faced by fund raisers for other recent memorials. There are no living
veterans of the Revolutionary War, and few people know the black soldiers'
roles.

Although black America's purchasing power now totals $400 billion a year, Mr.
Smith said, donations have only trickled in from black Americans. In his studio
in northeastern Denver, a predominantly black area, Mr. Dwight reflected on the
reasons for that reaction. One, he speculated, is a lack of knowledge about the
black soldiers' roles. "They ask, 'There were black people on the continent
then?' " he said of the response from potential donors.

Mr. Dwight, a former test pilot and the first black man to train to be an
astronaut, finds fault with what he calls an obsession with black suffering
instead of heroism. "No matter how successful we are, we are still on a
victimization roll," he said. "If you tell black people that we are doing
something on slavery, they would be writing checks left and right.

"Because blacks have been so shabbily treated," he added, "there is a void about
the flag, the nation, duty." But most public-opinion surveys report few major
differences in how blacks and whites describe their feelings about their
country.

Mr. Dwight has spent his career trying to focus on success rather than on his
personal experience of adversity. Thirty years ago, he abruptly cut short what
had been a promising career in the Air Force.

As Mr. Dwight tells it, President John F. Kennedy created a parallel
astronaut-training program in the Air Force because conservative white senators
had told him that he would not have money for the space program if black fliers
were admitted to regular training.

The program for black astronauts foundered after Kennedy's assassination, Mr.
Dwight said. While white colleagues went on to orbit the Moon, Mr. Dwight left
the military and reinvented himself as a sculptor. In 1977, he earned a master's
of fine arts degree from the University of Denver and embarked on a career whose
artistic muse could be summarized by a label that he has placed on a bookcase in
his studio: "Successful blacks."

Mr. Dwight's first major breakthrough was with a series called "Black Cowboys."
His latest series is "Jazz Masters." Much like "Black Cowboys," his Black
Patriots Memorial is designed to teach black history to those who visit it.

The memorial, which would be a five-minute walk from the Vietnam War Memorial,
would be a bronze bas-relief stretching for 90 feet but rising no higher than 7
feet. Walking along the wall, visitors would follow what blacks did in colonial
America: African slaves picking cotton, construction workers carrying wood
beams, a black businessman engaging in trade. Attucks confronting British
soldiers. Blacks petitioning colonial legislatures for their freedom. Blacks who
listened to a reading of the Declaration of Independence, and blacks who took up
arms.

The memorial culminates with a battle scene and a black family's reunion at the
war's end.

"Is America going to let this fail or succeed?" Mr. Smith asked last week,
before hurrying off to make more pitches for money. "There are too many young
black men who don't feel they have an investment in America. This memorial would
be a bridge for African-American people to have pride in what we are, in what
our ancestors did."

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ed Dwight in his Denver studio with a wax maquette for part of a
planned memorial in Washington to blacks who fought in the Revolutionary War.
The memorial's backers face an Oct. 27 deadline to raise money. (Ellen Jaskol
for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              257 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 6, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

USF boosts scholarships for minorities // Bigger endowment encourages higher
black student enrollment

BYLINE: WENDY WEYEN

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - New minority scholarships and a more accessible branch    recruiting
office are among recent signs that the University of South    Florida is inching
its way toward higher black student enrollment,      university officials say.

     Several large gifts have tripled the size of the private endowment    for
scholarships for black students at USF. This fall, those grants    will yield an
additional $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 for minority student    scholarships, said
Joseph Busta, executive director of the USF    Foundation, a private
fund-raising organization.

     "We put a priority on trying to increase minority scholarship    funding
from private sources," Busta said. "This is the result of our    first major
effort. We hope it's not our last."

     To improve the university's relationship with Tampa's black    community,
USF has opened an office in the Tampa Urban League building,    on Nebraska
Avenue near Cass Street. Prospective students can save    themselves a trip to
north Tampa and use the office to pick up    applications, financial-aid packets
and other information, said Wilma    Smith, an equal opportunity specialist at
USF.

     These two efforts are among many under way at USF to combat the
university's poor record in recruiting and retaining black students. At    USF
and other state universities, higher black student enrollment tops    lists of
administrative priorities.

     Last fall, only 3.5 percent of USF's enrollment was black, the    lowest in
the state university system. The state's predominantly white    universities
average a black enrollment of 5.5 percent, the figures    show.

     By increasing money available for minority scholarships, the USF
Foundation hopes to help the university boost its minority enrollment.

 Within five years, Busta said he hopes to raise $ 3-million for    endowments
for minority scholarships.

        Since last fall, the foundation has received more than $ 400,000
toward that goal. The new scholarship money includes:         - $ 263,000 from
the Seide Student Endowment, for black students in    the university honors
program and in the College of Fine Arts. Interest    from the endowment will
fund scholarships beginning this fall.

      - $ 100,000 from an anonymous donor, matched by $ 50,000 from the
state, half for scholarships to the Sarasota campus for any student and    half
for minority scholarships systemwide. This money, too, will pay    off in
scholarships this fall.

      - $ 30,000 in an annual gift from the Florida Endowment Fund,    formerly
the McKnight Foundation, to support the work of black faculty    and doctoral
students.

      - $ 18,000 from the Jack and Katie Brown Endowed Scholarship    Program
for minority students. The money was raised at a testimonial    dinner last
November.

      - $ 53,000 in scholarship grants and endowments from several    sources
for minority students, including $ 15,000 from the Good    Gulfstream
Foundation.

     The satellite recruiting office near downtown Tampa opened in late
January. The office is open only two hours a day, three days a week,    and
traffic is light so far. But Smith said word is beginning to    spread, and
special programs planned for the office should generate    more activity.

     "We think it (the office) can make a difference," Smith said.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT

                            Times Publishing Company


                              258 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 14, 1987, Sunday, City Edition

New fund to offer black entrepreneurs $ 2-million of hope

BYLINE: GLENN BURKINS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1I

LENGTH: 1186 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - In a small West Shore office building, Lauretta Eason, a    credit
counselor, is fighting to keep her fledgling business afloat.

     Operating expenses are mounting, she said. Her one employee,    working on
commission, has not been paid. And the office is in need of    computers and
other office equipment.

     "I'm undercapitalized," said Eason, owner of Network Multiple    Services
Inc. "If I could get funds to really set this up the way it    should be, then I
could get the exposure I need. It's an excellent    service, but people don't
know I'm here."

     Help is on the way for companies like Eason's. The Tampa Bay Black
Business Investment Corp., established to assist black-owned businesses    in
Pinellas and Hillsborough counties, will be up and running by late    August.
And by fall, black-owned businesses in the two counties will    have about $
2-million in loan money available for expansions,    renovations or operating
expenses.

     The money will come from state funds and from bay area banks and
lenders. Officials say the program will be the first of its kind to    make
low-interest loans exclusively to black entrepreneurs. Several    nonprofit
groups make loans to "minority" entrepreneurs, which    includes women,
Hispanics and Asians.

     The program is an offshoot of the state-sponsored Black Business
Investment Fund, established with $ 5-million set aside by the 1985
Legislature. The Miami area received $ 1-million of the state money, and
another $ 1-million has been earmarked for Tampa/St. Petersburg. Bay    area
banks also have contributed about $ 775,000 to the Tampa fund.

     In addition to the programs in Miami and Tampa, similar black    business
funds were started in Broward, Orlando, Jacksonville and Palm    Beach, with
banks from each region contributing.

     Hillsborough County ranks sixth among Florida counties with    black-owned
businesses, and Pinellas ranks seventh. In 1982, the two    counties had 1,682
black-owned businesses, according to the most recent    census report.

     However, more than half of those companies were small retail and    service
shops. And nearly all are undercapitalized, small business    experts say.

     Dade County leads the state with 3,885 black-owned companies.

 Broward follows with 1,890, then Duval with 1,750, Palm Beach with    1,032 and
Orange with 893.

     In addition to making loans to black businesses, each of the    programs
also will provide technical and managerial help for loan    recipients. State
officials are working to develop a standard    assistance program, officials
said.

     "What we're looking at is how to assist the businesses with    management
and marketing strategies," said Nina Singleton,    administrative assistant for
the state fund. "We want to teach the    businesses how to manage themselves."

     Eason, who recently applied for a loan from the Tampa fund, said    she can
only hope that her application is approved. Her 14-month-old    company offers
auto leasing, credit counseling, home mortgages and    credit cards.

     "If I don't get the loan, I'm going to keep operating as a small    @
shop," she said. "It will just take longer for the service to grow.

 But we are going to keep servicing the customers as best we can."

     A special feature of the Tampa Bay fund is that it encompasses both
Tampa and St. Petersburg, two cities that have not always worked well
together. A similar attempt was made with Broward and Palm Beach, but
entrenched rivalry between the counties quickly split the union.

     The partnership has worked smoothly so far in the Tampa Bay area,
officials said. Last week, however, a special meeting was called after    a St.
Petersburg group complained that Pinellas County is not    represented on the
corporation's board of directors.

     The board is responsible for establishing bylaws and appointing a    loan
committee with "geographic balance." But so far, only Tampa    bankers have been
named to the board.

     Theresa Jones, chairwoman of St. Petersburg's Community Alliance    small
business committee, said an official from the investment    corporation met with
her group and promised that directors would be    appointed from Pinellas.

     "We feel pretty comfortable with the response we received which    was that
they would be looking to expand the board to include people    from both sides
of the bay," she said.

     Roy Opfer, manager of urban development for the city of Tampa, said    he
does not foresee any problems.

     "Everybody is working together well," he said. "It is not a    competitive
situation. It's basically a private nonprofit corporation.

 And the private sector has a lot fewer problems dealing with political
boundaries."

     The bay area program is viewed with cautious optimism by some black
business owners. Some say $ 2-million is not enough to address the    problems
facing the area's black-owned businesses.

     "To me it's a drop in the bucket when you are talking about    businesses
in Tampa and St. Petersburg," said Aaron Williams, owner of    Suncoast and
Southside Hair Care Centers in St. Petersburg. "Normally    there is not enough
money, and you end up borrowing what they have    rather than what you need."

     The Progressive Chamber of Commerce, a black business group in St.
Petersburg, presently is evaluating the program, said Roger Clendening,    a
member of the chamber.

     "We're in the process of circulating a summary of the proposal and    our
own analysis of it," he said. "Obviously it has merit because it    is going to
give a lot of small businesses an opportunity to tap some    resources they
might not ordinarily have access to."

     The Miami investment corporation, up and running since early    February,
may offer the best look at how the Tampa Bay program will    work. Miami
officials already have made six loans totaling $ 600,000,    said Newall
Daughtrey, who heads the program. Two other loans have been    approved.

     The loans went to help black merchants open shops at Bayside
Marketplace, a popular waterfront center similar to Tampa's Harbour    Island.
Bayside officials said about 30 of the market's 150 shops were    set aside for
blacks.

     Willie H. Roberts Jr., who opened a Bahamian seafood shop called    Mister
Conch, said the Miami program provided him with start-up    capital.

     "I had always had the entrepreneur spirit so I decided to go into
business," he said. "The money has been very handy. It has helped    quite a
bit."



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; LAURETTA EASON runs credit counseling agency.

                            Times Publishing Company


                              259 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               January 27, 1999, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Minister's trial focuses on where donations went

BYLINE: Marlon Manuel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 822 words

DATELINE: Clearwater, Fla.


When the burning of black Southern churches began to sink into the nation's
conscience 30 months ago, the Anti-Defamation League rose as a voice against the
evil. Even more, with the resources of a national fund-raising campaign, the
organization offered itself to black pastors as a source of seed money for new
rural churches.

To spread the word --- and the money --- the ADL turned to the Rev. Henry Lyons,
who had become familiar to legions of black Christians as president of the
National Baptist Convention USA.

But instead of funding the reconstruction of burned churches, Lyons gave away
only a fraction of the $ 244,500 and devoted the rest to personal matters like
savings accounts, his waterfront home and various women across the country,
state prosectuors said Tuesday.

During the first day of testimony in his trial for alleged racketeering, grand
theft and money laundering, Lyons watched a parade of rural black Baptists from
Alabama say they received far less than the $ 35,000 apiece Lyons told the ADL
he had donated.

The alleged fraud against the ADL is a small part of a multimillion-dollar
conspiracy Lyons masterminded by selling his name and the reputation of the
National Baptist Convention, according to state attorneys.

In November 1996, three Alabama pastors flew from Birmingham to Atlanta where
they met Lyons and traveled as a group to New York City for an ADL meeting.
During a videotaped ceremony, Lyons was given a check for $ 225,000.

One of the three pastors, the Rev. Levi Pickens, who was missing his right leg
but refused to use a wheelchair, was chosen to address the Jewish group,
according to Tuesday's testimony.

Under questioning from prosectors, Pickens said he didn't mention to ADL members
that his church had been rebuilt months earlier.

Another in the trio, the Rev. Arthur Coleman, testified Tuesday that Lyons
instructed Pickens "to make it seem a little, you know, make it seem a little
badder, really . . . something along that line."

Lyons first met officials from the Anti-Defamation League --- national director
Abraham Foxman and top volunteer Howard Berkowitz --- as part of the U.S.
delegation sent to Israel after the assassination of Israeli Prime Minister
Yitzhak Rabin in 1995.

When black Southern churches became a public issue in 1996, the ADL turned to
Lyons as a conduit for its donations solicited from ads in The Washington Post,
The New York Times and The Atlanta Journal-Constitution, ADL official Mark Medin
testified Tuesday.

In a follow-up letter to the Anti-Defamation League, Lyons informed the group he
had made donations to several Alabama churches of $ 35,000 each. Prosecutors
showed the letter to Medin, who confirmed it was from the ADL's files.

The group never authorized Lyons to use the money to redecorate his house, pay a
credit card, give to his wife or put in his savings account, Medin said under
questioning from prosecutors.

Within two weeks after receiving $ 225,000 from the ADL, Lyons called back to
thank the group for its contribution and said, "If there are any further funds,
please think of the National Baptist Convention," former ADL official Amy
Goldstein testified.

She said she told Lyons an accounting of the first check might help secure more
money for the NBC. Within 48 hours, a letter from Lyons arrived explaining who
had received the money, including several $ 35,000 payoffs to churches.

Representatives from four churches mentioned in the letter testified Tuesday
they never received that large a payment, though some said their churches got $
10,000 for capital improvements and another $ 3,000 for the pastor.

The ADL suspected something was amiss when journalists and state investigators
started calling.

When the ADL asked for an explanation, Lyons' attorney sent a letter stating
that the donations were in an escrow account and would be returned. Prosecutors
submitted that letter into evidence.

Later Tuesday, prosecution witnesses detailed negotiations that resulted in a
credit card deal Lyons tried to arrange with a Memphis bank. The talks started
when a Texas communications businessman was approached by an NBC representative
to design a prepaid phone card with a picture of Lyons.

That evolved into a credit card scam that resulted in Union Planters of Memphis
losing $ 300,000 to Lyons, prosecutors said in their opening statement.

Detailed testimony about that deal, as well as one with a funeral supply company
and a life insurance corporation, is forthcoming.

When court recessed Tuesday, one juror hinted that she might lose her job
because of the length of the trial, expected to last at least a month.

Judge Susan Schaeffer advised the juror to consult an attorney, since an
employer cannot legally fire a worker because of jury duty. Schaeffer said she
was contemplating a criminal contempt charge against the employer, who was not
identified.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              260 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 5, 1990, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Peete: 'There may be no blacks' on the Tour in 3 to 5 years

BYLINE: Carolyn White

SECTION: BONUS; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 855 words


During the mid-1970s, Calvin Peete was one of 10 black golfers on the PGA Tour.

Today, he is one of two.

Not only are Peete, 46, of Fort Myers, Fla. and Jim Thorpe, 41, of Buffalo,
N.Y., the Tour's only black golfers, no blacks have competed on the Ladies
Professional Golf Association tour since Renee Powell left at the end of 1979.

Five - Lee Elder, Jim Dent, Charles Owens, Charlie Sifford and Rafe Botts -
compete regularly on the Senior Tour.

Why aren't more blacks cashing in on this billion-dollar industry?

''There's a real problem as far as blacks and golf are concerned,'' said Peete.
''Unless we can identify - and aid - talented black golfers who have played in
college, unless we can convince them to try out for the Tour, there may be no
blacks in the PGA (Tour) in three to five years.''

And that's unacceptable to Peete, who has won more than $ 2 million as a pro.
His solution: develop more black golfers to compete on the junior, high school,
collegiate and professional levels.

Through his Calvin Peete Minority Golf Foundation, Peete hopes to raise $
600,000 this year for training and scholarship aid.

Peete expects to finance the program partially through grants from corporations.
But he says the bulk of the money will come from three fund- raisers - pro-am
golf tournaments in Atlanta, Cleveland and Dallas.

Already in: A $ 5,000 grant from the PGA Tour.

Peete's organization will focus on youngsters.

''Golf is a game a kid must grow up with. A youngster can't wait until he's 14
or 15 to start learning how to play,'' said Peete. ''In order to make a living
at this sport, you should start playing at five or six.''

A number of cities - Atlanta, Detroit, Cleveland - host junior golf programs for
blacks, where lessons and greens fees are free.

Peete's program would go a step further. He eventually plans to start a training
facility for junior golfers and prospective golf instructors.  It will help
junior golfers prepare for college or the pro tours.

Those playing in college face another challenge.

Most black college golfers compete for black schools. ''No black school has ever
qualified for the NCAA golf tournament,'' says Jackson State golf coach Eddie
Payton. ''Our programs aren't regarded as competitive enough.''

At tournament time, the NCAA considers the strength of your schedule and how
you've performed against the top 30 teams in the nation. ''But we don't get
invited to their tournaments,'' said Payton. ''It's a Catch-22.''

A Cleveland-based organization has come to the aid of Payton and other black
college coaches. The National Minority College Golf Championship Tournament
annually invites schools to compete for a national black college championship.

Seventeen schools are expected at the fourth annual tournament May 21-22 at
Highland Park Golf Course in Cleveland. This year, the organization hopes to
share $ 50,000 among the participating schools.

Does the competition at black colleges prepare blacks for pro golf?

Adrian Stills, who played 24 tournaments on the PGA Tour in 1986, is a South
Carolina State graduate. He and Olin Grant, a former No. 1 golfer at the
University of Kentucky, are playing professional golf - on minitour circuits in
Florida and California.

Although experienced, they face a different set of challenges, including - a
lack of sponsorship.

Stills is waiting for another chance at the PGA Qualifying School.

'It's not that the doors haven't been open for us,'' said Stills. ''You have to
have the talent to compete on a national level. And it takes time and money to
develop that talent.

''I don't have a sponsor,'' said Stills, 32, who lives with his wife in Orlando.
''I've had to do it on my own since I left the Tour. A lot of players I compete
against have corporate sponsors, people or companies who give them $ 40,000 a
year.''

Grant, one of the few blacks to play for an NCAA Division I college, had several
top 10 finishes while playing a minitour in California. He'll play on a minitour
in Florida this summer and head for qualifying school in October.

Grant's family plans to pool its resources to provide him with money. ''But if
it takes me more than a year to qualify, it might prove too much for them,'' he
said.

Avis Brown, 26, of San Diego hopes to play on the LPGA tour.

Brown is in an enviable situation. She is fully sponsored by black physician
Charlie R. Johnson of Gateway Medical Center in San Diego, an avid golfer. Other
sponsors supply her with clubs, shoes and other equipment.

There are alternatives to corporate support, says Bill Dickey whose
Phoenix-based National Minority Junior Golf Scholarship Association has provided
more than $ 600,000 in aid to talented high school golfers who go on to college.

''I know of situations where guys have gotten together to sponsor a promising
player,'' said Dickey.

''If people invested in an organization that would raise funds for this purpose,
it could identify the best minorities and have them sign a contract.

''If one of its golfers wins, some money comes back to the organization so it
could help somebody else.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Calvin Peete); PHOTO; b/w (Eddie Payton); PHOTO; b/w
(Adrian Stills)

CUTLINE: GUIDED TOURISTS: Renee Powell, with Senior Tour player Lee Elder, was
the only black woman on the LPGA Tour since tennis star Althea Gibson left in
1968. CUTLINE: EDDIE PAYTON: Schools 'don't get invited to their' tourneys.
CUTLINE: ADRIAN STILLS: Sponsorship is a problem.

GOLF 1990 BONUS SECTION; Ribbon Label; WHERE THE SPORT IS HEADED; 4

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              261 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           December 6, 2007 Thursday

300 drawn to Hardy Brown gala

BYLINE: Michael Sorba, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 362 words


It was a swanky affair, with black tie and fancy dress.

But in the end it was all to raise money for a worthy cause, and celebrate the
lives of a few special people.

The Black Voice News celebrated the 65th birthday of its publisher and founder,
Hardy Brown, in grand style Thursday night with the third annual Hardy Brown
Birthday Gala at the Riverside Convention Center.

Close to 300 people, including officials from the state as well as Riverside and
San Bernardino, attended the event which was held to raise money for the Black
Voice Foundation for History, Media and the Arts - a 2007 recipient of The Sun's
Holiday Fund.

The fund provides scholarships and internship opportunities for students as well
as educational programs based on black history and culture for Inland Empire
residents.

The event's main honoree was renowned singer and actress Nancy Wilson, but the
real star of the night was Brown.

"I've known him longer than my wife, 10 years now," said Kurt Wilson, Brown's
son-in-law and a former assistant to San Bernardino Mayor Pat Morris, who now
works for the state Department of Corrections. "He's dedicated, loyal and
caring. He gets things done, and not for the credit but because it's the right
thing to do."

Riverside Mayor Ron Loveridge calls the Black Voice a social and political pivot
point that is a major presence in the city.

"It's something that everyone pays attention to," Loveridge said.

"Not just the black community, but those at City Hall and elsewhere."

Money raised at the gala will also go toward programs that assist those affected
by Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis, also known as ALS, or Lou Gehrig's Disease.

Brown was diagnosed five years ago with a less aggressive neuromuscular disease
called Primary Lateral Sclerosis, or PLS.

Although the condition has left Brown confined to a wheelchair, it didn't dampen
his birthday spirits.

"It feels great," Brown said. "Especially when you have trials and tribulations
and you still see the lord pouring out his blessings with so many friends ...
Tonight, what I look forward to most is being in the room with good friends, and
Nancy Wilson in particular."

michael.sorba@sbsun.com

(909) 386-3872

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             August 13, 2006 Sunday

EDITORIAL: Money pit: The legal troubles of a prolific Democratic fund-raiser
argue powerfully for public financing in some statewide races

BYLINE: The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 562 words


Aug. 13--There are enough lessons to go around arising from the troubles that
face state House Speaker Jim Black. Continued weakness in lobbying regulation is
one, despite tightening of the law this year. Another stems from the channeling
of campaign contributions raised by Black to legislative candidates and to the
Democratic Party. In 2004, that amounted to $600,000 that the party could spend
on candidates in pivotal races.

It is legal. But it smells to high heaven. Not that both parties don't play the
end-around game, but Black's status as a powerful state leader makes him a
prolific fund-raiser. He and anyone in a similar position can take advantage of
their influence to virtually shake money out of the trees, with contributors
hoping for or even expecting favorable legislative treatment.

Although a key supporter has pleaded guilty to a federal conspiracy charge,
Black maintains he has done nothing illegal in connection with the money that
swirled around his retention of a share of the speakership in 2003. Still, the
cloud over his affairs makes it awkward either for candidates or the Democratic
Party to take his money in a competitive election year.

So how is the party responding? Already, Democratic legislators have come up
with a plan to replace Black's contributions by pressing other legislators to
send money to the party.

It's not healthy for North Carolina when legislative leaders spread money around
this way. Candidates who receive the money have to feel beholden to Black or to
whichever patron is doling out the dough. Those interested in the approval of a
bill may feel they have to help keep their benefactor's money machine oiled if
they want to be listened to.

Black's giving also reflects, and fuels, the spiraling arms race for dollars by
state-level candidates. Incumbents who want to serve with integrity tell of the
tiresome burden of fund-raising. Potential challengers may not run at all. North
Carolina supposedly has a citizen legislature, yet who besides veteran
politicians or independently wealthy people can hope to win a race when it takes
professional-level fund-raising to mount a credible campaign?

Anyone, Black included, is limited as to how much he can give directly to a
candidate. The loophole involves money funneled through party organizations.

Whether it would be possible to limit how much a party could accept from a given
donor raises knotty legal issues. But there's no question state law could be
changed to allow public financing of races in which candidates agree to
fund-raising and spending limits. That approach may represent the best hope of
putting a reasonable cap on the fund-raising clout exercised by top legislative
leaders.

The legislature this year failed to pass a bill that would have set up a pilot
public financing program for two House and two Senate seats, "to explore methods
to ensure the vitality and fairness of democratic elections in North Carolina."
That idea needs to remain on the front burner. It beats having a powerful
lawmaker acting as the money man for his party.

Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060813-RA-0813-EDITORIAL-Money-pit

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                              263 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Cobb County Serial Armed Bank Robber Hits Johns Creek Bank

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Acting Special Agent in Charge (A/SAC) George Crouch, FBI Atlanta, along with
Cobb County Police Chief John R. Houser and Johns Creek Police Chief Ed
Densmore, announced the following update in several armed bank robberies at Cobb
County, Georgia and now in Johns Creek, Georgia.





 The FBI is offering a reward of up to $2,500 leading to the identification,
arrest, and conviction of the individual responsible for at least six armed bank
robberies in Cobb County, Georgia and Johns Creek, Georgia beginning in early
February of this year.



 On February 4, 2016, a lone white male entered the Fifth Third Bank located at
4209 Roswell Road in Marietta, Georgia, 30062. The individual approached a
teller station while displaying a black semi-automatic handgun to the victim
teller. The robber demanded money as he put a briefcase on top of the counter.
The teller complied with the robber's demands and put the money inside of the
briefcase. The robber stated that he owed some money to someone in Nashville. He
stated he was sorry and fled the bank. The robber departed the bank without
further incident. He is described as being a white male in his late 40s or early
50s and wearing brown leather gloves, a baseball hat, a jacket, and blue jeans.



 This same individual was observed at the above victim bank the day before the
above robbery. He was described as a white male wearing brown leather gloves, a
long bubble trench coat, a baseball cap, and holding a black canvass briefcase.



 On April 1, 2016, at approximately 11:52 a.m., a lone white male walked into
the Regions Bank located at 2486 Roswell Road, Marietta, Georgia, 30062, where
he approached a teller station and displayed a black semi-automatic handgun
while announcing to the teller a robbery. The robber opened a black messenger
bag and the teller complied with his demands by placing the money into the bag.
The robber was described as being a white male, approximately 6'0"-6'2" tall,
and approximately 30-40 years of age. He was wearing a "Nike" ball cap, a
collared shirt, black jacket, and blue jeans.



 On May 25, 2016, at approximately 2:08 p.m., a lone white male entered the BB&T
bank branch located at 4370 Roswell Road in Marietta, Georgia and announced a
robbery to the victim teller while displaying a handgun. The robber obtained an
undisclosed amount of money and departed the bank without further incident. The
robber was described as being a white male, approximately 6'0" tall, 40-50 years
of age, with a beard. He wore a short sleeved collared shirt, black sunglasses,
and a white baseball cap.



 On July 13, 2016, at approximately 11:33 a.m., a lone white male entered the
PNC bank located at 1111 Johnson Ferry Road in Marietta, Georgia and, after
waiting in the customer line and then cutting in front of another waiting
customer, approached the victim teller and announced a robbery. The robber,
displaying a black handgun, obtained an undisclosed amount of money and departed
the bank without further incident.



 On August 22, 2016, at approximately 12:47 p.m., a lone white male entered the
Fidelity Bank located at 2401 windy Ridge Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia and
announced a robbery to the victim teller. The robber pulled a black handgun from
his briefcase and pointed that weapon directly at the victim teller. After
obtaining an undisclosed amount of money, the robber departed the bank without
further incident. The robber was wearing a collared golf shirt, khaki pants, tan
ball cap, and dark sunglasses.



 On September 8, 2016, at approximately 2:45 p.m., a lone white male entered the
Renasant Bank located at 11655 Medlock Bridge Road in Johns Creek, Georgia, and
announced a robbery to the victim teller. The robber pulled a black handgun from
a dark colored briefcase and pointed his weapon directly at the victim teller.
After obtaining an undisclosed amount of money, the robber departed the bank
without incident. In several incidents, the robber is seen pointing his handgun
directly at the victim teller.



 This individual is considered armed and dangerous and anyone with information
regarding this matter should contact Crime Stoppers Atlanta at tel. (404)
577-8477.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2016 Saturday

Washington: Cobb County Serial Armed Bank Robber Hits Johns Creek Bank

LENGTH: 729  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Acting Special Agent in Charge (A/SAC) George Crouch, FBI Atlanta, along with
Cobb County Police Chief John R. Houser and Johns Creek Police Chief Ed
Densmore, announced the following update in several armed bank robberies at Cobb
County, Georgia and now in Johns Creek, Georgia.





 The FBI is offering a reward of up to $2,500 leading to the identification,
arrest, and conviction of the individual responsible for at least six armed bank
robberies in Cobb County, Georgia and Johns Creek, Georgia beginning in early
February of this year.



 On February 4, 2016, a lone white male entered the Fifth Third Bank located at
4209 Roswell Road in Marietta, Georgia, 30062. The individual approached a
teller station while displaying a black semi-automatic handgun to the victim
teller. The robber demanded money as he put a briefcase on top of the counter.
The teller complied with the robber's demands and put the money inside of the
briefcase. The robber stated that he owed some money to someone in Nashville. He
stated he was sorry and fled the bank. The robber departed the bank without
further incident. He is described as being a white male in his late 40s or early
50s and wearing brown leather gloves, a baseball hat, a jacket, and blue jeans.



 This same individual was observed at the above victim bank the day before the
above robbery. He was described as a white male wearing brown leather gloves, a
long bubble trench coat, a baseball cap, and holding a black canvass briefcase.



 On April 1, 2016, at approximately 11:52 a.m., a lone white male walked into
the Regions Bank located at 2486 Roswell Road, Marietta, Georgia, 30062, where
he approached a teller station and displayed a black semi-automatic handgun
while announcing to the teller a robbery. The robber opened a black messenger
bag and the teller complied with his demands by placing the money into the bag.
The robber was described as being a white male, approximately 6'0"-6'2" tall,
and approximately 30-40 years of age. He was wearing a "Nike" ball cap, a
collared shirt, black jacket, and blue jeans.



 On May 25, 2016, at approximately 2:08 p.m., a lone white male entered the BB&T
bank branch located at 4370 Roswell Road in Marietta, Georgia and announced a
robbery to the victim teller while displaying a handgun. The robber obtained an
undisclosed amount of money and departed the bank without further incident. The
robber was described as being a white male, approximately 6'0" tall, 40-50 years
of age, with a beard. He wore a short sleeved collared shirt, black sunglasses,
and a white baseball cap.



 On July 13, 2016, at approximately 11:33 a.m., a lone white male entered the
PNC bank located at 1111 Johnson Ferry Road in Marietta, Georgia and, after
waiting in the customer line and then cutting in front of another waiting
customer, approached the victim teller and announced a robbery. The robber,
displaying a black handgun, obtained an undisclosed amount of money and departed
the bank without further incident.



 On August 22, 2016, at approximately 12:47 p.m., a lone white male entered the
Fidelity Bank located at 2401 windy Ridge Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia and
announced a robbery to the victim teller. The robber pulled a black handgun from
his briefcase and pointed that weapon directly at the victim teller. After
obtaining an undisclosed amount of money, the robber departed the bank without
further incident. The robber was wearing a collared golf shirt, khaki pants, tan
ball cap, and dark sunglasses.



 On September 8, 2016, at approximately 2:45 p.m., a lone white male entered the
Renasant Bank located at 11655 Medlock Bridge Road in Johns Creek, Georgia, and
announced a robbery to the victim teller. The robber pulled a black handgun from
a dark colored briefcase and pointed his weapon directly at the victim teller.
After obtaining an undisclosed amount of money, the robber departed the bank
without incident. In several incidents, the robber is seen pointing his handgun
directly at the victim teller.



 This individual is considered armed and dangerous and anyone with information
regarding this matter should contact Crime Stoppers Atlanta at tel. (404)
577-8477.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 5, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Atlanta Watches Nervously As Corruption Trial Begins

BYLINE: By PETER APPLEBOME,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 10; Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 1186 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, Jan. 4


On the first day of a Federal corruption trial that threatens to burrow deep
into Atlanta's power structure, Federal prosecutors today began detailing
charges that a program at Hartsfield International Airport designed to provide
economic opportunity for minorities became a swamp of corruption that largely
benefited white businessmen, politically connected blacks and black public
officials.

The trial, expected to last a month, is certain to tarnish the reputation of a
program that has been viewed for years as a national model for assisting
minority-owned businesses. And it is being watched with dread in local political
circles in light of corruption allegations swirling around many of Atlanta's
most prominent politicians.

Among the biggest losers may be former Mayor Maynard Jackson, who is not accused
of wrongdoing but who always held up Hartsfield and the program to aid minority
businesses as his greatest legacy. He left office on Monday.

3 Face 131-Count Indictment

In a 131-count indictment, prosecutors accuse two Atlanta businessmen, Dan
Paradies and Mack Wilbourn, and a former City Councilman, Ira Jackson, of mail
fraud, conspiracy, bribery and tax evasion. The Government charges that Ira
Jackson, who also served as Atlanta Aviation Commissioner, secretly took over
Mr. Wilbourn's part ownership of an airport concessionaire controlled by Mr.
Paradies and accepted bribes in return for favorable treatment, like reduced
rent at the airport.

"People are going to ask if other minority participation arrangements were
really fronts and whether Atlanta's business is conducted on the basis of
political payoff rather than competency and efficiency," said Bob Holmes, a
Democratic State Representative from Atlanta and director of the Southern Center
for Studies in Public Policy at the historically black Atlanta University
Center. "It casts the image of impropriety and suggests a 20-year relationship
where folks were rewarded merely for supporting Maynard."

'An Outrageous Lie'

In her opening statement today, the prosecutor, Assistant United States Attorney
Sally Yates, accused the City Council president, Marvin Arrington, who is black,
of accepting $11,000 in bribes from airport concessionaires. Mr. Arrington, who
has not been charged with any crime, later called the allegation "nothing short
of an outrageous lie."

In addition to Mr. Arrington and Mr. Jackson, Ms. Yates named another former
Councilman, D. L. (Buddy) Fowlkes, who is white, as the recipient of bribes in
connection with his position as head of the Transportation Committee that
oversees the airport. Mr. Fowlkes has been indicted and will be tried later. He
has pleaded not guilty.

Nothing looms larger in Atlanta's business mythology than Hartsfield, where a
combination of entrepreneurial hustle and interracial cooperation are credited
with producing the economic engine that transformed Atlanta from a mid-level
Southern city to an international hub. Officials have long celebrated the
airport's minority business program as symbolic of the black-white partnerships
that have made the city successful.

But the current trial will provide a far less inspiring picture. At its worst,
Federal prosecutors say, the airport was riddled with corruption and the
minority participation became a sham. They assert that Ira Jackson made more
than a $1 million by taking control of the interests of the black participants
in the concern controlled by Mr. Paradies at Hartsfield. Mr. Paradies, who
officially owned the concession, is white; the other defendants are black. Mr.
Wilbourn was the largest minority participant with Mr. Paradies.

Prosecutors also assert that Council members, black and white, took regular
bribes from airport businessmen for appointments to city positions and for rents
and space at the airport, attending weekly breakfasts where hundreds of dollars
were routinely palmed in handshakes. Federal officials say other indictments are
possible.

'Follow the Money"

Ms. Yates acknowledged the complexity of the Government's case but said the
money trail was clear.

"The most powerful witness is the money," she said. "Follow the money as Dan
Paradies pays off a million dollars to Ira Jackson. Follow the money as Dan
Paradies receives millions of dollars in rent reductions."

In their opening arguments, the lawyers for Ira Jackson and Mr. Wilbourn blamed
many of their clients' problems on Bernard Parks, a lawyer who they say was
addicted to crack cocaine. They said Mr. Parks took advantage of the financial
naivete of Ira Jackson and Mr. Wilbourn to arrange loans and to make other
business transactions that are now under investigation.

And lawyers for Mr. Paradies described the business relationship between him and
Mr. Wilbourn as a partnership in name only. They said Mr. Wilbourn was brought
in for his political connections and played no substantive business role other
than to pocket profits and use his connections at City Hall.

Defense lawyers will contend that ethical standards were so lax that there was
no reason to suspect improprieties. For example, they say, the city cleared Ira
Jackson, while still on the City Council, to represent an airport contractor.
The City Attorney ruled that this was not a violation of the ethics law.

Ultimately, the defense of all three men will revolve less on a defense of their
conduct than on an attack on the integrity of their main accuser, another former
airport concessionaire, Harold Echols. Defense lawyers said Mr. Echols, who, in
a plea bargain with the United States Attorney, has already pleaded guilty to
offering bribes, is not a credible witness because he has admitted to perjury.

"If you believe him," Ira Jackson's lawyer, P. Bruce Kirwan, told jurors,
"please see me after the trial because I have a bridge in Brooklyn I want to
sell you."

Much of the drama in the trial revolves less around the defendants than around
what other names might surface.

Two months ago, Bill Campbell, who was sworn in as Mayor on Monday, released the
results of a lie detector test that he said proved he was truthful in denying
taking any airport bribes. He commissioned the test after reports surfaced that
Mr. Echols had named him, too. So far, the names of at least five current or
former Council members have surfaced in connection with possible bribes.

Mr. Paradies's company is a $100 million business that operates shops and
newsstands in 38 American airports. Sam Massell, who was Atlanta's Mayor from
1969 to 1973, conceded that the city's program to assist minority-owned
businesses might have had problems, but he added that corruption at municipally
owned airports was more common than generally recognized.

"There are so many things in airport operations that are foreign to local
governments," said Mr. Massell, who is the head of a business group, the
Buckhead Coalition. "It's like running a huge shopping mall. You have millions
of dollars flowing through, usually removed from direct City Hall oversight, it
seems to be conducive to the conditions we are faced with here."


LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              266 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            December 22, 2013 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE AREA;
RESTAURANT OWNER ROBBED AT GUNPOINT

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 346 words


The owner of Bistro 491 was robbed of two money bags and a smartphone at the
restaurant late Friday.

Henry Colley, 63, said he was in his office at the restaurant at 491 High-land
Ave. when an unknown black man in all black clothing and a ski mask entered the
building through a back door and put a black handgun to the side of his head, a
Richmond County sheriff's report states.

The man struck Colley in the head with the gun and dropped it. After picking the
gun up, he threatened to kill Colley if he refused to open the restaurant's
safe.

Colley opened the safe and handed over two money bags, which the gunman stuffed
into his pockets. He was last seen walking toward Washington Road through Surrey
Center.

Money taken from man sitting in car

An Augusta man says he was robbed at gunpoint as he sat in his car at a Checkers
in Hephzibah on Friday evening.

Raven Thompson, 22, said he was sitting in the parking lot at 3554 Windsor
Spring Road about 6 p.m. when an unknown black man approached on the driver's
side and started talking to him, according to a Richmond County sheriff's
report.

Thompson said his wallet was on the passenger seat in clear view.

Less than a minute into the conversation, the man brandished a black handgun and
demanded Thompson give him the money in the wallet.

After handing over the money, Thompson said the man, who wore all black, fled
toward Tobacco Road.

Man knocked out, reports $116 stolen

An Augusta man says he was robbed early Saturday after he was knocked
unconscious in the parking lot of Blue Top Lounge.

Stephen Allen, 40, said he was walking to his car, which was parked at the
lounge at 1241 Steiner Ave., when he was approached from behind by four black
men, according to Richmond County police report.

When Allen turned to face the men, one struck him above the right eye with the
butt of an assault rifle, knocking him out, then stole $116 from Allen.

After regaining consciousness, Allen said, he drove to his girlfriend's house.
She took him to Trinity Hospital.

Police say Allen suffered lacerations and abrasions.

- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            March 27, 2013 Wednesday
                                 ONLINE EDITION

Dr. Les Bond dies; made history as first black on Lindell Boulevard

BYLINE: By MICHAEL D. SORKIN msorkin@post-dispatch.com 314-340-8347

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 712 words


Dr. Les Bond, who died last week at age 85, was a prominent surgeon who made
history during the 1960s by building a home on Lindell Boulevard, across from
the handball courts in Forest Park.

Knowing that he was about to become the first African-American in an all-white
neighborhood, Dr. Bond was careful not to use his own name to buy the property.

Instead, he used the name of a relative who didn't have a birth certificate, to
make it difficult for anyone to track down the race of the buyer. The tactic
came into common use during the time when many St. Louis neighborhoods remained
segregated.

The ploy worked, and Dr. Bond got the property, his family recalled Tuesday. To
their delight, the neighbors turned out to be welcoming, and their children
played with the Bond children.

But getting the house built was not as easy. White trade union members picketed
the construction site after Dr. Bond hired black electricians to work on his
home, the family said.

The Bonds moved into their new home in 1965 and lived there until 2005.

The integration of Lindell Boulevard was considered an important milestone for
the city; Mayor Raymond Tucker attended a meeting of the NAACP and announced
that the Bonds had moved into their new home.

Dr. Bond died Thursday (March 21, 2013) at The Gatesworth in University City. He
was diagnosed in December with lung cancer, his family said.

Leslie Fee Bond Sr. was born in Louisville, Ky., where his father was a
physician. The family moved to Galesburg, Ill. After graduating from the
University of Illinois, Dr. Bond enrolled at Meharry Medical College in
Nashville, Tenn., then one of two medical schools for blacks.

He moved to St. Louis for the same reason that many black physicians did: Homer
G. Phillips Hospital on the city's North Side was one of few hospitals where
African-American doctors could train as residents.

The hospital was built in 1937 at a time when the city's other public hospitals
had no black staff members.

Homer G. Phillips Hospital boasted that it trained the largest number of black
physicians and nurses in the world. Dr. Bond was one of the many physicians who
stayed in St. Louis after his training. He became a popular general surgeon.

During the 1960s, he and other African-American physicians played key roles in
the civil rights movement.

Dr. Bond was a close friend of Dr. Jerome Williams, who died this month. The two
helped organize black doctors to march to desegregate St. Louis businesses.

The physicians helped raise money to elect a new wave of black officials. One of
the first was Bill Clay Sr., who became a St. Louis alderman and then a
congressman.

"He raised substantial amounts of money when I got elected to Congress," Clay
said of Dr. Bond. "And I gave it to ward organizations on the North Side so they
could hire canvassers."

After that, the black physicians became major contributors to nearly every
campaign by black candidates, as well as some white candidates. They helped
underwrite efforts by the NAACP and the Urban League.

They did so without asking for anything in return, said Mike Jones. He recalled
his financial help from the physicians in his successful run for alderman in
1981.

"If you were a black politician who had aspirations, and you wanted to raise
black money, that's who had it," said Jones, now senior policy adviser to St.
Louis County Executive Charlie Dooley.

"They provided selfless leadership," he added.

"They didn't do business deals. They weren't trying to become developers. They
were doctors."

Dr. Bond served as a member of the St. Louis Police Board. He was a founder and
president of the National Association of Guardsmen Inc., an association for
professional men. He was former medical director at Peoples Health Center,
president of the Mound City Medical Forum and taught surgery at Washington
University.

In 1954, he married Anita Grace Lyons. She went on to become president of the
St. Louis Board of Education.

A memorial service will be at 11 a.m. April 20 at Central Baptist Church, 2842
Washington Boulevard. Burial was private at St. Peters Cemetery.

Survivors, in addition to his wife, include a son, Leslie F. Bond Jr. of
Chicago; a daughter, Candace McKeever of Malibu, Calif.; a sister, Patsy Ruth
Berry of Galesburg, Ill.; and three grandchildren.

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Dr. Les Bond Sr., a prominent St. Louis surgeon, died Thurs., March
21, 2013, at age 85  Leslie Bond, M.D. and Anita Bond - Educator and Healer -
Dr. Leslie Bond started private practice in 1958 and retired in 2003 and was
also on the staffs of Christian Hospital, DePaul Hospital and forest park
Hospital. From 1966 to 1998, he was medical director of the People's Health
Center. He has been a trustee of the National Medical Association, president of
the Mound City Medial Forum, president of Homer G. Phillips Interns'
Association, chair of the Medical Advisory Committee for the state of Missouri
and chair of the Surgical Section of the National Medical Association. He was
the fist president of the National Association of Guardsmen. Anita Lyons Bond
was the first African-American undergraduate of St. Louis University. She is a
nationally-known teacher in techniques of speech correction for the culturally
disadvantaged, and a fearless proponent of equal human rights. Mrs. Bonds was
the first African-American ever appointed to the City Planning Commission by
Mayor Raymond Tucker. She is a former member of the St. Louis Board of Education
and chaired the first NAACP Freedom Fund Dinner. (photo courtesy of the NAACP)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OBITUARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           December 2, 2010 Thursday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Phila. police arrest five in 'Black Money' scam

BYLINE: By Allison Steele; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B04

LENGTH: 446 words


Police have arrested five men on charges of running a scam on local business
owners, a scheme, known as "Black Money," that involves persuading the victim to
hand over a large amount of cash.

Philadelphia police on Wednesday warned businesses against falling for the
elaborate scam, which involves the con artists' claiming they possess large
quantities of U.S. currency that has been smuggled into the country and dyed
black so as not to be detected by customs. The con artists then offer to sell
the dyed cash, which is actually paper, along with a chemical that can be used
to wash off the dye.

"It's basically the bait and switch," said Philadelphia Lt. John Walker. "These
guys are confident in what they do."

Police and members of the Secret Service arrested the five men involved with the
scam on Nov. 18, following a sting operation at a restaurant in West
Philadelphia.

Those arrested are Nagbe Saykagee, 30, of Upper Darby; Patrick Sanyeah, 27, of
the 4600 block of Chester Avenue; Solomon Bility, 26, of Chester; Rovia Dousuah,
24, of Darby; and Isaac Johnson, 36, of the 2500 block of South Ashford Street.
All are charged with theft, conspiracy, forgery, and related offenses stemming
from the sting.

Police are also looking into whether the group may have scammed two other
business owners in the city, Walker said.

"These people target places that are mostly cash businesses," he said. He added
that some people might not come forward after they were scammed, out of
embarrassment.

On Nov. 10, the men, who are Liberian, approached the owner of a restaurant on
the 7500 block of Haverford. They told him they had $100,000 worth of "black
money" from West Africa and offered to sell it and the cleaning products to the
owner for $50,000, police said.

The owner suspected it was a con and called police, who set up the sting at the
restaurant on Nov. 18. When the alleged scammers showed up, they brought
packages of supposed "black money," which were actually stacks of black paper
wrapped in plastic, police said.

The men demonstrated the "cleaning" process by opening a package and taking
several real hundred-dollar bills from the stack, then "washing" them off to
reveal the money. The men had planted a few real bills in the pile, Walker said,
and coated them with some type of black polish.

Variations of the "black money" scam began surfacing about 10 years ago all over
the world, police said. Sometimes, the con is run via the Internet, in which
case the victim receives an e-mail informing him that he has come into a large
sum of money, but that he must pay fees in order to claim it.

Contact staff writer Allison Steele at 215-854-2641 or asteele@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              269 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    February 14, 1994, Monday, City Edition

Money for minds

BYLINE: ERIKA N. DUCKWORTH

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; BLACK HISTORY MONTH FEBRUARY 1994; Xpress; THE TIMES /
NEWSPAPER IN EDUCATION; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 408 words



What do Eddie Murphy, Bob Hope, Prince and Magic Johnson have in common? They
all have pitched in over the years to contribute to and raise money for the
United Negro College Fund.

The UNCF began a mission to provide funds and services for private,
historically black colleges 50 years ago. In that time, it has raised more  than
$ 800-million for 41 member schools and expects to reach $ 1-billion this  year.

Some UNCF schools have exceptional track records:

Four member schools are among the top 10 producers of black medical school
applicants.

More than a quarter of black students with bachelor degrees in physics and
chemistry are graduates of UNCF schools.

Money magazine's 1994 college guide listed six UNCF schools as best value
choices.

Education experts say historically black colleges are becoming more  popular in
general, especially among young African-Americans. Black students  tend to
thrive on black college campuses because they feel nurtured there,  said Wayne
Alexander, assistant UNCF area director for Northern/Central  Florida.

Cost is another factor. UNCF schools cost about half the national average  for
private colleges, Alexander said. This is especially important since half  the
students at UNCF schools come from families that earn less than $ 25,000 a
year. Another 44 percent come from single-parent homes. About 90 percent need
scholarships and financial aid.

To nurture the colleges, many celebrities have jumped on the fund-raising
bandwagon. The annual Lou Rawls Parade of Stars telethon has featured
celebrities such as Tevin Campbell, L.L. Cool J. and The Winans.

For information on how to give to the UNCF, write:

The United Negro College Fund

500 E. 62nd St.

New York, NY 10021

For information on local campaigns, call 866-1906 or 823-2578.

  United Negro College Fund Facts

53,000 students attend the organization's 41 member schools.

UNCF President and CEO William H. Gray III is a former Democratic Whip for  the
House of Representatives. He was the highest-ranking African-American ever  to
serve in the U.S. Congress.

There are three UNCF schools in Florida: Bethune-Cookman College (Daytona
Beach), Edward Waters College (Jacksonville), Florida Memorial College  (Miami).

The UNCF recently celebrated its 50th anniversary and is the oldest and
best-known fund-raising organization for historically black colleges and
universities.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              270 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 4, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

BLACK ENROLLMENT IS REPORTED STAGNATING IN SOUTH

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 25, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 554 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, Dec. 3


A new report on higher education in the South finds stagnating enrollment of
black students, comparatively little financial aid being given on the basis of
need and increasing enrollment in two-year colleges.

The Southern Regional Education Board, which monitors higher education in 15
Southern states, has published its 1986 Fact Book on Higher Education,
containing a detailed statistical picture of the status of colleges in the
region.

The board found that for the first time in decades black enrollment in colleges
nationwide decreased 3 percent from 1980 to 1984, to 1.1 million students.

In the South, which has 45 percent of the nation's black population, black
student enrollment in college was up only 2 percent from 1980 to 1984.

Stagnation Is Recent

The stagnation in black college enrollment is recent, the board said.

From 1976 to 1980 black student enrollment was up 8 percent in the South and 7
percent nationwide. .

Black people make up 18 percent of the population in the South but just 14
percent of the college population. Nationally, the population is 12 percent
black, with black people making up 9 percent of the college population.

In 1984, the latest year for which this figure was available, there were about
478,000 black college students in the South, 34 percent of them at predominantly
black colleges.

The board's report draws no conclusions about the status of higher education.
Instead, it seeks to serve a purpose with ''the facts it presents,'' and ''the
issues and questions it raises,'' said Mark D. Musick, director of state
services and information for the board.

The report includes facts about higher education for Alabama, Arkansas, Florida,
Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, Oklahoma,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia.

The 107-page report found that, compared with to the rest of the country,
Southern states award comparitively little of their college financial aid on the
basis of a student's need for it. Nationwide, 85 percent of the
state-administered financial aid money awarded last year was on a need basis, as
against 51 percent in the 15 states.

Six of the 15 states give less than half their state-administered dollars based
on need: Oklahoma, 48 percent; Florida, 46 percent; Alabama, 33 percent;
Georgia, 26 percent; Virginia, 25 percent: and North Carolina, 10 percent.

Only Kentucky among the 15 states awards all of its state-administered
undergraduate student financial aid based on need.

It found that enrollment at two-year colleges was growing faster in the South
than in the rest of the country. In 1984, 36 percent of Southern college
students were enrolled at two-year schools, up from 32 percent eight years
earlier. Nationwide, 37 percent of students went to two-year schools, up
slightly from 35 percent eight years earlier.

Southern states match the national average of $129 for per capita spending of
tax money for higher education. In 1985, Southern states spent 3 percent more
than the national average, but a decade earlier, they spent 6 percent less.

The South's highest per capita spending on higher education operating expenses
comes in North Carolina: $172. The lowest is in Florida, which spends $99 of tax
money for each resident toward higher education.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              271 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             August 20, 2004 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

POISON POLITICS, AGAIN GOP SCHEME TO SUPPRESS THE BLACK VOTE IS BACK, NASTIER
THAN EVER

BYLINE: BY ERROL LOUIS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 49

LENGTH: 613 words


In 1993, after winning a tight contest that put Republican Christie Whitman in
the New Jersey governor's mansion by 26,000 votes, Whitman's campaign manager,
Ed Rollins, triggered a national uproar about race, money and voting rights.

Boasting to reporters, Rollins said the GOP margin of victory came from the
payment of $500,000 in "street money" to African-American ministers who agreed
to "forget" to urge black voters to go to the polls.

Rollins quickly recanted his statement, particularly when federal investigators
began asking questions, but many people believe to this day that he wasn't
kidding. And with just 73 days to go before the presidential election, a
disturbingly similar case of political mischief is afoot.

In nine urban communities throughout the swing states of Ohio, Pennsylvania,
Wisconsin, Michigan and Missouri, poisonous ads have popped up on black radio
shows from a group calling itself People of Color United. The ads feature purely
personal, racialized attacks on Democrat John Kerry - in fact, none of them
mentions President Bush or asks listeners to vote for him.

Here's a sample:

"Our community doesn't need another wishy-washy, rich white politician, and boy,
does Kerry come across as rich, white and wishy-washy."

Another ad says: "His wife [Mozambique-born Teresa Heinz Kerry] says she's an
African-American. While technically true, I don't believe a white woman, raised
in Africa, surrounded by servants, qualifies."

Hard-hitting messages, even negative ones, are fair game in American politics.
But the garbage being peddled by People of Color United is different: It's an
attempt to make black voters so cynical and disgusted by politicians - all
politicians, and politics in general - that they stay home on Election Day. It's
Rollins 1993 all over again.

Print versions of the attacks have emerged. Earlier this week, The Cleveland
Plain Dealer ran an ad from the same group. According to the paper's editor,
Doug Clifton, the ads were purchased only in the northeast and southeast
editions of the paper, where Cleveland's black population is clustered.

People of Color United is a sham. The District of Columbia-based group (for
which directory assistance has no phone listing) is headed by Virginia
Walden-Ford, a local advocate for school vouchers. Her voice is the one on the
ads calling Kerry "rich, white and wishy-washy."

On a recent National Public Radio broadcast, Walden-Ford acknowledged that the
money behind her ads came from the same conservative donors who fund her voucher
efforts. In fact, about half the money for the ads is from a single source: J.
Patrick Rooney, an insurance tycoon from Indianapolis who happens to be rich and
white.

Rooney, who has donated more than $1 million to Republican causes over the
years, told The Washington Post he's bankrolling the ads "because the genuine
word from the black community should be heard, not white folks saying it for
them."

Rodney Capel, New York director of the Kerry campaign, predicts the tactic won't
work. "We have no doubt these Republican-

financed attacks ads are absolutely designed to suppress voter turnout," he
says. "We believe African-Americans will tune them out and instead tune into the
positive message of the Kerry-Edwards campaign."

Here's hoping Capel's right. As word spreads about the way the GOP is mouthing
equality rhetoric while giving a wink and a few big checks to efforts like the
racial ads, the response from voters may not be apathy but the kind of outrage
that boosts turnout.

While the Democratic Party often takes black voters for granted, as Bush has
charged, the Republicans seem determined to take them for fools.

Elouis@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN; OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              272 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                June 23, 2003 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

BLACK JACK ELIMINATES NEARLY ALL STREET REPAIR;
MAYOR MAY SEEK NEIGHBORHOOD BONDS

BYLINE: Benjamin Israel Special To The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NORTH POST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 309 words


The Black Jack City Council nearly has eliminated street repairs from its
budget, not because the council sees no need, but because no money is available.

"We have reached the point where we are going to have to consider other forms of
meeting our expenses," City Treasurer Dan Clynch told the council last week. "I
feel that if we don't do something next year, we're going to be faced with a
severe financial crisis."

Clynch said Black Jack's streets were deteriorating badly at a time when
sales-tax revenue was not growing.

Clynch lives on Bristol Rock Road, a street Black Jack paid a contractor to fix
earlier this year. The contractor found that the foundation of Bristol Rock Road
had deteriorated to the point that it had to be rebuilt.

The council approved a budget of nearly $2.3 million. It calls for using
$254,000 from reserves.

Mayor Norman McCourt said he was considering asking the council to raise money
for road repairs through neighborhood improvement district bonds. He would
divide Black Jack into districts and have each one borrow money for projects
there.

Currently, Black Jack has no debt and no municipal property tax.

Black Jack has a current balance of about $900,000. That's after using about
$200,000 in reserves in the budget year ending next week.

Of that $200,000, Black Jack used $90,000 for street repairs originally
scheduled for next fiscal year to keep the contractor out in the field and save
$8,000 in mobilization costs.

The budget just approved calls only for minor changes from the current year.

The two largest items, $644,266 for salaries and $557,583 for the police
contract with St. Louis County, are increases of 2.8 percent and 3.8 per cent
respectively. It anticipates no increase in sales-tax revenue, which is 57.9
percent of projected revenue.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              273 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 11, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Misguided Opponents of Reform

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 608 words


With campaign finance reform facing a tough challenge in the House in coming
weeks, the last thing supporters of reform need is dissent and defection within
their own ranks. But that is what is happening, as several members of the Black
and Hispanic Caucuses raise objections to campaign legislation that many
supported in the past. Their new concerns about the McCain-Feingold "soft money"
ban reflect a misguided belief that it would harm their interests and impede
efforts to register blacks and Hispanics and get them to the polls. In fact,
campaign finance reform would advance the interests of minorities.

After passing in the Senate last month, campaign reform legislation needs every
vote from both sides of the aisle to overcome Republican-led opposition in the
House. Some of the concerns of African-American and Hispanic lawmakers can be
addressed. After the experience of the presidential election in Florida, many of
these legislators are placing a higher priority on electoral reforms than on
campaign finance legislation this year. But Senator John McCain, chairman of the
Commerce Committee, has promised to move electoral reform legislation as a high
priority, and other senators are pushing their own measures in this area. Some
minority House members say that if progress can be made toward electoral reform,
they may be more willing to embrace campaign finance legislation.

Other objections raised by black and Hispanic lawmakers are based on fallacies.
Representative Albert Wynn, a Maryland Democrat who is head of the Congressional
Black Caucus's task force on campaign reform, asserts that voter registration
and get-out-the-vote drives by the Democratic Party, and by independent groups,
would be impeded if they could not raise unlimited soft-money donations from
corporations, unions and rich individuals. Fund-raising for the party efforts
would indeed be limited, but the McCain-Feingold bill does not apply to the
raising or spending of money by independent groups for voter outreach efforts.
The bill would restrict the amount of money that can be raised by federal
officeholders and candidates for such groups for these activities.

The largest misconception by Mr. Wynn and his colleagues is that soft money is
somehow necessary to promote the interests of minorities and of the Democrats.
But as everyone in Washington ought to know after the scandals of recent years,
soft money is generally raised from special interests like the oil and gas,
insurance and financial services industries that demand in return legislation
that serves their interests, not those of minorities. The notion espoused by
some Democrats that they and liberals will have a tougher time competing with
Republicans if soft-money donations are limited is disputed by Terry McAuliffe,
chairman of the Democratic National Committee. Mr. McAuliffe, the party's
biggest soft-money fund-raiser, says the Democrats have allowed themselves to
become reliant on unlimited donations and can adjust well to new limits on
donations in the reform legislation.

Many members of the Black Caucus favor a soft-money ban and other aspects of
reform. Representative John Lewis, the 1960's civil rights crusader, has
eloquently reminded his colleagues that "Congress can't become a rich people's
club" and that fund-raising has begun to overwhelm the other responsibilities of
members of Congress. Lawmakers in the Black and Hispanic Caucuses should heed
his advice that the interests of the nation, including its minority citizens,
are helped and not hurt by a clean political system free of the taint of
unbridled campaign donations from special interests.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              274 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 25, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BLACK LEADERS SAY THEY SEE NO 'RACIST PLOT' AGAINST ATLANTA YOUTH

BYLINE: By WENDELL RAWLS Jr., Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1002 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, March 24


Leaders of major black organizations expressed concern today over an
''escalation of violence and insensitivity'' toward the nation's poor and black
people but said that they saw no ''racist plot'' against Atlanta's black
children.

After meeting privately here, members of the Black Leadership Forum issued a
statement calling for prayer and nonviolent efforts to fight ''despair and
desperation'' and warning against creating a ''circus atmosphere'' around the
deaths and disappearances of 22 black children in the last 20 months.

The group's members include Benjamin L. Hooks, executive director of the
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People; the Rev. Joseph
Lowery, president of the Southern Chrisitian Leadership Conference, and
representatives of the National Urban League and the Congressional Black Caucus.

Last night national and local black leaders condemned the vigilante-type patrols
armed with baseball bats that surfaced at one of the city's predominantly black
housing projects.

Support for the Police

Mr. Hooks said the police were ''doing all they can or any human being can do''
to solve the cases of the missing and murdered children. Part of his stay in the
city was devoted to a tour of four youth centers that his group is scheduled to
begin operating in April.

And Leon Hall, community relations director for Mayor Maynard Jackson, decried
the actions of the armed patrols, saying: ''These things are upsetting people
who are already distraught by a great tragedy. This is rubbing salt into the
wound.''

He said he had spoken to about 100 residents of the Techwood Homes area. ''Only
two supported the armed patrols,'' he said. ''Many were worried that they would
be shot by their neighbors.''

Meanwhile, police sources said that about 60 police officers, including several
plainclothes officers normally involved in investigating the murders of the
children, had been reassigned to uniformed duty over the weekend to monitor the
civilian patrols.  Four men were arrested on assorted firearms and obstruction
charges.

Money Collected for Families

While individuals and groups around the country are collecting money ostensibly
for the families of the missing and murdered children, the amount that reaches
Atlanta is questionable.

As of the end of last week, the reward fund for information leading to the
conviction of the killer or killers amounted to $106,480. Of that sum, $43,980
had come from private contributions, $20,000 from Atlanta and $20,000 from
Fulton County; $22,500 has been pledged but not yet received. Also added to the
reward fund but subject to different criteria are $10,000 from Georgia, $10,000
from the Atlanta Bar Association and $10,000 from an anonymous donor.

Charles Davis, the city's director of finance, said $425,973 had been donated to
a fund to pay for the investigation of the murders.  He said $17,262 of that had
been spent on expenses related to the benefit concert presented by the
entertainers Sammy Davis Jr. and Frank Sinatra.

To pay expenses for outside consultants, including psychics, an anonymous donor
provided $10,000, of which $2,619.77 has been spent, the city official said.

Aid to Families of Victims

Less than $5,000 has been given to the Southern Christian Leadership Conference
to help the families of the victims, according to Mr. Hall, the Mayor's
community relations director. Of that amount, he said, ''99.5 percent came to
the city in checks which the city was not authorized to endorse and put to any
use whatever.''

He said that less than $2,000 had been received by the city for use by the
mothers' Committee to STOP Children's Murders, although some of the mothers have
been traveling to New York and other cities raising money for their cause.

Mr. Hall said that only $17 in cash had been received by the city for use in the
investigation. He insisted that no money received by the city had ''fallen
through the cracks,'' as had been suggested by the Rev. Earl Holland Carroll,
one of the organizers of the STOP committee.

Mr. Hooks said he was concerned about questionable money-collecting activities
and he urged prospective donors to give directly to the city or to ''valid
organizations like the N.A.A.C.P.''

Activities of Guardian Angels

''I've been in maybe 15 or 20 cities where folks I never heard of were asking
for money 'for Atlanta,' '' he said. ''Some might be legitimate, but can't feel
that all of them were.''

The Guardian Angels, New York's self-appointed subway and street patrol, has
been asked to form a chapter here, Lisa Evers, the 23-year-old leader of the
Angels who came here, said today.

She said the Citywide Advisory Council on Public Housing, with representation
from 18 of the city's 25 housing projects, had extended the invitation and had
also offered to provide food and housing for the group in its organizing effort.

Miss Evers said that the Guardian Angels were opposed to vigilante groups
protecting their neighborhoods with bats and guns because the same goal could be
accomplished nonviolently.

The Guardian Angels were not alone in putting distance between themselves and
the armed patrols today. The Socialist Workers Party, which had earlier been
identified as being among the organizers of the patrols at Techwood Homes,
called a news conference today to say the party was not involved in any way
other than generally supporting community involvement in protecting
neighborhoods.

The Guardian Angels came here about two weeks ago and have been conducting
24-hour patrols through some of the poorer neighborhoods in the city, have
conducted self-defense classes for children and have attended public forums on
issues involved in the murder cases.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              275 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday

Byron Williams: UC professor's views on education spending are actually not
black and white

BYLINE: BAY AREA NEWS GROUP

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 724 words


TOO OFTEN public education is debated on the narrow terrain of what individuals
already hold true.

The late University of California anthropologist John Ogbu was invited by
concerned parents of the middle-class black community in Shaker Heights, Ohio to
help ascertain why some black students in their highly regarded suburban school
system were "disengaged" from academic work and performed below their white
counterparts.

He concluded that "the black students' own cultural attitudes hindered academic
achievement and that these attitudes are too often neglected."

Ogbu was vilified largely in the black community for his findings and praised
largely by conservatives as proof positive of their claims   a gross
oversimplification on both sides.

My fear is that University of California Professor W. Norton Grubb's latest
book, "The Money Myth: School Resources, Outcomes, and Equity (Russell Sage
Foundation, 2009)," may risk being placed in the same oversimplified box as
Ogbu's work for the convenience of debate.

Those who argue for greater resources for public education will undoubtedly
differ with the premise they prematurely attach to Grubb's work, which focuses
primarily on high school education. Likewise, those opposed to additional money
will see this as another clear example that sides with their thesis.

Both sides only prove the importance of actually reading the material that is
not nearly as black and white as either side wants to make it.

For Grubb, the question: "Can money buy quality education?" is one that takes
too broad of a view. His work suggests that money is at the very least
overrated, and by itself unrelated to student achievement.

"Dollar bills don't educate kids and we have to figure out what does educate
kids," he said.

"There are some resources that actually do cost money. In my results, the
adult-pupil ratio in high school makes a difference. That is not a class-size
measure   it is a measure of the number of adults around; it really measures the
personalization of the school. That obviously costs money and the research shows
its effective."

But Grubb also contends there are a number of effective resources in schools
that don't cost much money. Perhaps the most obvious is instructional
improvement. Using statistical analysis, Grubb demonstrates that teachers who
teach in more innovative ways, which means to go beyond mere information
dissemination toward a more conceptual method, can really have an impact on
student achievement.

This would, of course, demand that such teaching could only happen in an
environment that allows for such innovation as well as offers teachers more
control of the classroom.

Again, Grubb offers that these factors are not directly related to money. It
does, however, address one of the areas that all well-functioning schools tend
to have in common.

According to Grubb, a well-functioning school climate that is supportive of
academic work and rids itself of gangs, violence and crime is key to success.

Grubb's research indicates that students who interact with their counselors do
better than those who do not, in terms of ensuring that students are prepared
for entrance into four-year institutions.

Grubb also cites fair, equitable and supportive treatment of students as an
abstract resource, particularly with students of color, is key to student
achievement. Though not something that one can necessarily quantify, it does go
to the climate that schools create.

Part of the problem, according to Grubb's findings, is that often money fails to
reach the school, at least not in the most timely or effective manner.

In my conversation with Grubb, he never suggests that money should not be spent
or that it is irreverent to the conversation. But, as he points out, school
climate cannot be purchased   it is something that must be developed and
nurtured by the school.

I'm quite certain the black and white understanding of Grubb's findings will be
that money makes no difference in education, prompting cheers on the right and
derision on the left. But I find Grubb's work in the amorphous gray, where our
ideas are usually best informed, shouting that money spent unwisely makes no
difference.

Byron Williams is an Oakland pastor and a contributing columnist to the Bay Area
News Group-East Bay. E-mail him at byron@byronspeaks.com or leave a message at
510-208-6417.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 19, 2004, Monday, FINAL EDITION

His bet on BET paid off

BYLINE: Denise Kersten; Special for USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 707 words

The Billion Dollar Bet: Robert Johnson and the Inside Story of Black
Entertainment Television

By Brett Pulley


Wiley, $ 24.95, 248 pages


---


The Billion Dollar BET by Forbes Senior Editor Brett Pulley tells the story of
Robert Johnson, founder of Black Entertainment Television (now known simply as
BET), who was the first African-American billionaire.

Robert Johnson makes an interesting case study, in large part because of the
magnitude of his leap from the near bottom to the near top of the social ladder.
He couldn't have had a much less auspicious beginning: He was born April 8,
1946, into a poor family in Hickory, Miss. (population 650 at the time). He was
the ninth of 10 children. His mother, Edna, taught school. His father, Archie,
made money cutting and selling lumber.


The entrepreneurial genes were in place: His great-grandfather Filmore Johnson,
who was born into slavery, bought dozens of acres of land for farming and
lumber, "planting the seeds of self-sufficiency in the family," Pulley writes.
His ancestor was known as a proud and stubborn man, so much so that when a
"descendant was caught being particularly bull-headed, someone might note,
'That's the Filmore showing up,' " Pulley writes.

Johnson's family moved north to Illinois where his parents found work in
factories and did side jobs to earn more money.

His success began in the classroom. "It was an environment that taught Johnson
early on how to socialize, compete and succeed in a setting where he was often
the only black person," Pulley writes. Johnson's success is as unbounded as his
start in life was challenging. In 20 years he turned an initial investment of $
15,000 into a fortune.

Starting BET was a huge bet on Johnson's part: a gamble on the value of an
advertising outlet for a black audience. Johnson picked up on the idea while
working as a lobbyist for the cable industry.

"There was a neglected audience of black viewers waiting to be tapped," Pulley
writes. "The black population was growing twice as fast as the white population
in the United States, and the average number of hours that blacks were spending
watching television was much higher." Even so, BET was often a tough sell to
advertisers and cable operators, who didn't always see the value Johnson knew
was there.

But the story of Johnson's success is more warning than inspiration. Johnson
became a billionaire through single-minded focus.

Johnson didn't want Pulley to write The Billion Dollar BET, and he refused
requests for interviews. This, of course, sometimes makes it hard to know
Johnson's side to the story. But Pulley plainly admires Johnson and often tries
to give multiple perspectives on his motives and personal behavior.

Johnson's bet was a shrewd business move, no more and no less. Because BET was
the only major black-owned cable channel, the company faced pressure from
viewers to provide intelligent, uplifting content for the black community.
According to Pulley, Johnson resisted such pressure, opting to fill many hours
of airtime with low-budget programming such as infomercials and sitcom reruns,
or with salacious music videos that consistently earned high ratings. The few
exceptions -- including the respected BET Tonight with Tavis Smiley and a teen
issues forum spearheaded by Johnson's wife, Sheila -- existed more despite
Johnson than because of him, according to this book.

Johnson was a powerful leader who inspired loyalty in his employees, but,
according to interviews Pulley conducted, this loyalty was often misplaced.
"Johnson could seem so easygoing that it caused many of his business associates
to underestimate the smart, shrewd predator that lurked behind the smile,"
Pulley writes. Over 20 years, Johnson fired friends, family members and others
who helped to build the business. He eventually divorced his wife, Sheila.

If Johnson is our guide, the prerequisites for reaching the billionaire's club
include intelligence, charisma, focus and the entrepreneurial spirit along with
cunning, selfishness, the ability to manipulate and a willingness to sacrifice
anything but the bottom line. Johnson, according to this book, has them all.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W (CHART); PHOTO, B/W, Diane Bondareff, AP; PHOTO, B/W;
Billionaire: Robert Johnson, who founded BET, was born into a poor family in
Hickory, Miss., the ninth of 10 children. Later, he turned an initial investment
of $15,000 into a personal fortune.

TYPE: MONEY BOOKSHELF

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              277 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            December 31, 2012 Monday

Police investigate armed robberies

BYLINE: BEN WEATHERS, Staff Writer

SECTION: A; Pg.5

LENGTH: 312  words


Anne Arundel County police are investigating two armed robberies that occurred
over the weekend in Annapolis and Severn.

Police responded to the Dunkin Donuts in the 2600 block of Riva Road shortly
before 5 p.m. on Saturday. A male suspect entered the business and handed the
clerk a note demanding money from the register, police spokesman Justin Mulcahy
said.

The suspect handed the clerk a bag to put the money in and exposed a handgun,
Mulcahy said.

The clerk complied and turned over an undisclosed amount of money. The suspect
then fled on foot.

The suspect is a white male, around 5 feet 10 inches tall with a full beard and
short brown hair, wearing a blue hoodie and a red and black flannel jacket, a
black baseball cap and blue jeans.

It was the second armed robbery in the county is less than 24 hours.

Police responded to the 7-Eleven in the 500 block of Donaldson Avenue, in
Severn, shortly after 9 p.m. on Friday night. Employees told police two men
entered the business, one of whom displayed a handgun and demanded money.

The men removed money from the register and ran south from the building toward
Quarterfield Road, Mulcahy said.

Police were unable to locate the men.

They are two black males in their early-to-mid 20s, between 5 foot 9 inches and
5 foot 11 inches tall, with dark complexions and thin builds. One of the men was
wearing a gray sweater with a hood underneath a black jacket, dark pants, dark
gloves, a hood over his head and some kind of black cloth covering his face.

The second man was wearing a dark sweater, dark pants, dark gloves, a dark knit
hat and some kind of dark clothing covering his face.

To provide anonymous information, contact the Metro Crime Stoppers. The 24-hour
hotline can receive called, emailed or text-messaged tips at 1-866-7LOCKUP. The
website is www.metrocrimestoppers.org. Tipsters may be eligible for a $2,000
reward.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                            November 18, 2005 Friday

Tycoon in the dock: Peer is charged with pocketing millions Conrad Black faces
eight counts of fraud

BYLINE: David Litterick in New York

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 417 words


CONRAD BLACK was charged yesterday with eight counts of fraud after allegedly
pocketing millions of pounds of shareholders' money.

The charges were brought after a lengthy investigation by the United States
attorney's office and the FBI into Lord Black and the publishing group Hollinger
International, the former owner of The Daily Telegraph, of which he was the
chief executive until November 2003. He and three other former executives of
Hollinger International are accused of diverting proceeds from the sale of some
of the group's newspapers by disguising them as non-competition payments.

Lord Black, 61, is also accused of misusing corporate perks by using a
company-owned jet to take him and his wife, Barbara Amiel, on holiday to French
Polynesia in 2001 and using Hollinger money to throw a $62,000 surprise birthday
party for her.

Patrick Fitzgerald, the attorney for the northern district of Illinois, said at
a press conference: "Officers and directors of publicly-traded companies who
steer shareholders' money into their pockets should not lie to the board of
directors to get permission to do so.

"The indictment charges that the insiders at Hollinger, all the way to the top
of the corporate ladder, whose job it was to safeguard the shareholders, made it
their job to steal and conceal.''

Lord Black and John Boultbee, the former Hollinger chief financial officer, both
face eight counts of mail fraud and wire fraud. Mark Kipnis, the former company
secretary, faces nine similar counts, and Peter Atkinson, the former executive
vice-president, faces six counts. Each count carries a maximum penalty of five
years in jail and a $250,000 fine. David Radler, Hollinger's deputy chairman,
has already pleaded guilty to one count of fraud.

The indictment seeks forfeiture of at least $80 million from the four men, plus
$8.5 million that was seized last month from Lord Black's sale of his apartment
in Park Avenue, New York, and his Florida house.

Among the allegations that Lord Black faces is that he used $1.5 million of
company money to renovate his Park Avenue apartment in New York.

Arrest warrants have been issued for him, Mr Boultbee and Mr Atkinson. Officials
said that they would allow the men to appear voluntarily in court in Chicago or
else they would seek their extradition.

Edward Greenspan, Lord Black's lawyer, said his client had acted within the law
at all times. "He is confident that, if given a full and fair opportunity to
defend himself, he will be found innocent,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                October 22, 1996, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Campaign '96 Fund-raising boosts GOP challengers;
Black incumbents face well-financed opposition in two races for U.S. House
seats.

BYLINE: Ken Foskett; WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 04C

LENGTH: 627 words


Republican challengers are holding their own in the fund-raising contests
against black Democratic incumbents in two closely watched Georgia congressional
races, according to the latest contribution reports.

In the last three months, GOP candidate John Mitnick raised $ 157,000 in new
contributions and loaned himself $ 50,000 in his bid to defeat Rep. Cynthia
McKinney in the 4th District. In all, Mitnick has loaned his campaign $ 150,000
this year, reports filed with the Federal Election Commission show.

Republican candidate Darrel Ealum has also raised enough money during the third
quarter to stay competitive with Rep. Sanford Bishop (D- 2nd District), another
black incumbent facing a white challenger.

Both McKinney and Bishop's formerly majority-black districts were redrawn by the
courts last year.

Democratic challengers, meanwhile, have in many cases failed to raise much money
and are short on cash.

Rosemary Kaszans, trying to unseat Rep. Jack Kingston (R-1st District) along the
Georgia coast, was the poorest candidate fielded by the two major parties,
reporting $ 289 in the bank as of Sept. 30. State Rep. Tommy Stephenson
(D-Commerce), running against Rep. John Linder in the new 11th District,
reported only $ 1,754 of available cash.

"I really have lots of moral support, which is equally important to the
financial (support)," Kaszans said. "It's not something I can be concerned
about."

Republican incumbents Mac Collins (R-3rd District), Bob Barr (R-7th District)
and Saxby Chambliss (R-8th District) also hold substantial financial advantages
over their Democratic challengers.

Democratic challengers are most competitive in the 9th District covering north
Georgia, represented by Rep. Nathan Deal, and in the 10th District around
Augusta, represented by Rep. Charlie Norwood.

State Rep. Ken Poston (D-Ringgold), in a fierce fight against Deal, was the only
Democratic challenger to report raising more money in the last three months than
his Republican opponent.

In the crucial area of available cash, however, Poston reported $ 150,519 to
Deal's $ 208,445.

Thanks to loans to himself of more than $ 1 million, cookie maker Michael Coles
has also managed to stay competitive in his bid to oust House Speaker Newt
Gingrich (R-6th District).

Incumbents typically enjoy a fund-raising advantage because they can begin
raising money for their re-election as soon as their current term begins, Jan. 1
1995. Challengers, on the other hand, often do not begin fund-raising until the
year of the election.

"It doesn't bode well for those Democrats that are being wildly outspent," said
Georgia State University political scientist Michael Binford. "You don't have
enough money to make voters aware that you are out there."

Preliminary analysis of the most recent campaign reports for Georgia candidates
suggests that Republicans and Democrats are turning to vastly different sources
for their money.

Republican candidates reported large political action committee contributions
from business interests, while Democrats reported raising much of their PAC
money from labor unions.

McKinney received $ 5,000 contributions - the maximum for a general election -
from the teamsters and steel workers unions and the union representing
government employees.

McKinney was also heavily supported by subscribers to Emily's List, a PAC
devoted to women's causes.

Mitnick, her opponent, received $ 5,000 contributions from the American Dental
PAC, the American Medical PAC and the National Federation of Independent
Businesses.

Ealum was the only Republican candidate who failed to raise substantial portion
of his funds from PACs, accepting only $ 1,500 in PAC contributions during this
reporting period.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: Congressional campaign reports
 Here are the third quarter (July 1 to Sept. 30) fund-raising reports for
 candidates in Georgia's U.S. House races:
 ......................................................PAC.........Cash
 District 1...............Receipts......Expenses.....contrib.*....on hand
 Jack Kingston (R)........$ 115,929.......$ 42,502......$ 35,323....$ 487,674
 Rosemary Kaszans (D)......$ 14,970.......$ 14,991.......$ 4,700........$ 289
 District 2
 Darrel Ealum (R)..........$ 99,568.......$ 85,323......$ 1,500.......$ 54,323
 Sanford Bishop (D).......$ 160,129.......$ 75,749....$ 105,085......$ 132,705
 District 3
 Mac Collins (R)..........$ 117,927.......$ 39,706.....$ 77,950.....$ 208,750
 Jim Chafin (D)............$ 57,829.......$ 58,387.....$ 14,850......$ 30,054
 District 4
 John Mitnick (R).........$ 157,057......$ 91,732......$ 43,386.....$ 126,250
 Cynthia McKinney (D).....$ 274,202.....$ 133,089.....$ 112,475.....$ 210,949
 District 6
 Newt Gingrich (R).....$ 1.5 million...$ 1.7 million..$ 180,650...$ 1.2
 million Michael Coles
 (D)........$ 888,232......$ 839,757.....$ 75,550......$ 49,315
 District 7
 Bob Barr (R).............$ 191,304.....$ 211,471.......$ 40,359.....$ 300,417
 Charlie Watts (D).........$ 75,404......$ 52,142.......$ 24,750......$ 86,595
 District 8
 Saxby Chambliss
 (R)......$ 217,073.....$ 198,704.......$ 74,500......$ 351,655 Jim Wiggins
 (D)..........$ 125,673......$ 64,171.......$ 78,750.......$ 87,664
 District 9
 Nathan Deal
 (R)..........$ 133,023.....$ 260,797.......$ 81,007.......$ 208,445 Ken
 Poston (D)...........$ 181,633.....$ 111,646.......$ 51,020.......$ 150,520
 District 10
 Charlie Norwood
 (R)......$ 374,320.....$ 426,630......$ 141,769.......$ 357,404 David Bell
 (D)...........$ 191,033.....$ 222,717.......$ 84,975.......$ 133,880
 District 11
 John Linder
 (R)..........$ 128,105......$ 84,423.......$ 74,963.......$ 568,166 Tommy
 Stephenson (D)......$ 26,343......$ 30,752........$ 6,575.........$ 1,754 *
 Includes contributions from political action committees and political
 parties. Source: Campaign financial disclosure reports

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              280 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 12, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

SPOTLIGHT: RACIAL ISSUES;
Races sharply divided in view of USA life

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 803 words



View of hypothetical street attacker

Example: 35 percent of whites view attacker as white

Race of respondent
                                        White                Black

Attacker would be ...
  White                                 35%                  12%
Black                                 30%                  56%
Asian                                  3%                   2%
No difference                         19%                  16%

Blacks feel justice systems favors whites.

Race of respondent
                                        White                Black
Blacks are treated equally             49%                   17%
Blacks are treated less than equally   35%                   80%
Blacks treated better than whites      12%                    1%

Both races feel blacks, whites can live next door to each other.

Race of respondent
                                        White                Black
Whites and blacks better              53%                  69%

off living next to

each other
  Blacks don't belong in                 2%           Less than 1%

same neighborhood with whites
  Both whites and blacks not            40%                  24%

comfortable living next to

each other

Blacks fear quality of health care they can afford lags behind whites.

Race of respondent
                                        White                Black
Blacks, whites equal                 45%                  19%
Blacks not as good                   42%                  70%
Blacks better                         9%                   7%

Blacks feel they earn less for equal work in white-collar jobs. Whites disagree.

Race of respondent
                                        White                Black
Blacks not paid less                  69%                   27%
Blacks do earn less                   23%                   66%

...results similar for executive jobs

Race of respondent
                                        White                Black
Blacks not paid less                  71%                   31%
Blacks do earn less                   20%                   63%

Both races agree backs not promoted to supervisory jobs as rapidly as whites.

Race of respondent
                                        White                Black
Promotion not denied to blacks        43%                 14%
Blacks lag in promotion               51%                 83%

School leads poor 'wish list'

A second survey - also by Louis Harris - was taken in the homes of 300
chronically poor black families in Atlanta, Chicago, Detroit, Houston, Los
Angeles, New York, Philadelphia and St. Louis. It's sampling error is 2 percent.

Here are the most frequent answers to the question of what hopes the parents had
for their children:
  Learning to stay in school              59%

Getting proper training to hold
  down a good job                         58%
Going to college                        55%

Earning enough money to be able
  to move into decent housing             36%
Being respected by other people         26%

Being in a preschool program

like head start to help them
  stay in school                          24%
Having some money in the bank           24%
Owning their own home                   24%

Having access to family planning

clinics so they don't have
  unwanted children                       23%

Knowing you are as good as any
  other human being                       20%
Not being discriminated against         17%
Having a car                            14%
Being able to travel and see things     12%
Having nice furnishings in the house    11%

Having real political power so
  government can help                      7%

Note: ''Not sure'' and ''refused to answer'' not included.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  b/w, J.L. Albert, USA TODAY, Stand alone graphic (Drawing, graph,
chart)

TYPE: Statesline

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              281 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        MARCH 27, 1998 Friday SF EDITION

UNITED NEGRO COLLEGE FUND RECEIVES A $42 MILLION GRANT / THE LILLY ENDOWMENT
MONEY COMES AT A TIME OF RISING ENROLLMENT AT BLACK COLLEGES.

BYLINE: James M. O'Neill, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 728 words


The good news for historically black colleges these days is that enrollment
continues to rise. The bad news is that such growth imposes pressure to invest
in new dormitories and other campus facilities.

Now, some financial help is on the way.

The Indianapolis-based Lilly Endowment this week awarded a $42 million grant to
the United Negro College Fund to help its 39 member colleges with capital needs,
student scholarship money, and opportunities for faculty training and curriculum
development.

The money is intended to address some of the black colleges' most pressing
needs. According to the College Fund, enrollment at private historically black
colleges in the United States jumped by 28 percent between 1986 and 1996 -
almost twice the rate of increase for schools generally.

In addition, nearly 90 percent of students attending College Fund-member schools
require at least some financial aid, and a third come from families whose annual
earnings total less than $25,000.

College Fund president William H. Gray 3d said it was the largest single grant
that the Lilly Endowment has ever made to an institution.

Some 2,000 students from the Philadelphia, South Jersey and Delaware area attend
College Fund-member institutions.

But the two historically black colleges in the Philadelphia region - Cheyney
University and Lincoln University - do not belong to the College Fund because
they receive state money and are not private schools. As a result, neither will
be eligible for the Lilly funds.

Gretchen Wolfram, communications director for the Lilly Endowment, said that
Lilly has had a long-term relationship with the College Fund, and gave its first
grant to historically black colleges on D-Day in 1944 - $5,000 for general
higher education.

Since then, the endowment has awarded $10.6 million in grants to the College
Fund, and an additional $35.8 million in grants to historically black colleges
generally. There are 103 historically black colleges and universities in the
country; 43 of them are private, and of those, 39 belong to the College Fund.

Lincoln has received three Lilly grants, two in 1976 and one in 1989, totaling
$258,000. Cheyney has not received any Lilly money.

The current grant will be administered by the College Fund, and schools that
receive grants must match a quarter of the money they're seeking. The grants
will be distributed over a three-year period.

Though they don't qualify for these grants, both Lincoln and Cheyney, the
nation's oldest historically black college, are seeing the same kinds of
enrollment increases that other historically black colleges are grappling with.

Lincoln, for instance, has seen its undergraduate enrollment rise from 950 in
1988 to 1,420 today, and its dormitory facilities are nearing capacity, said
Lincoln spokeswoman Karen Warrington.

Gray said the increased enrollment at black colleges has been spurred in part by
the rising number of blacks graduating from high schools. He noted that while
most attention is drawn to the failings of America's public schools, the dropout
rate among black students has declined from 25 to 12 percent.

He said another factor boosting enrollment is the relatively low cost of tuition
at College Fund schools. He said that because of the financial assistance that
the College Fund provides, member colleges' average tuition hovers at about
$6,000, half the national average.

He also said black students are growing more aware of the success that graduates
of black colleges enjoy. While College Fund-member schools account for only 18
percent of black students enrolled in college nationally, these schools turn out
a third of blacks who graduate with college degrees.

Since its founding in 1943, the College Fund has raised more than $1.3 billion
for its member institutions, which are located in 11 Southern states and Ohio.
The most recent campaign drive, Campaign 2000, raised $280 million.

During the 1997 fiscal year, the College Fund distributed $65 million in grants,
capital assistance and other services to its members.

The Lilly Endowment, established by the three members of the family that founded
the pharmaceutical business Eli Lilly and Co., supports religious, education and
community development causes. It is the country's largest private foundation.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                           December 9, 2006 Saturday

Police Beat

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 664  words


GLEN BURNIE

4 nabbed in raid

Police arrested four people Wednesday following a drug raid in a neighborhood
off Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard, county police said.

While serving a search warrant at a home in 100 block 2nd Avenue S.W., police
recovered about 17 grams of crack cocaine, valued at $1,700, nine pills of
suspected Ecstacy, valued at $225, and various drug paraphernalia, police said.

D'Abo Marie Hayghe, 20, of 2249 Mist Haven Lane in Gambrills, and Cherilyn Rene
Camp, 32, of 8354 Beachwood Park Road in Pasadena, were charged with possession
with intent to distribute crack-cocaine and possession of crack-cocaine, as well
as possession of CDS paraphernalia, police said.

Two Glen Burnie women, Stephanie Lynne Von Bargen, 31, of 200 9th Avenue SE, and
Terrie Anne Rogers, 37, of 7356 E. Furnace Branch Road, were charged with
possession of crack-cocaine and possession of paraphernalia, police said.

Home Invasion

Two teenagers broke into a home in the Valleybrook neighborhood on Nov. 2,
county police said.

The victim told police that two teens used a handgun to force their way into his
residence and demanded money. The man said after the invaders entered his
residence, they searched his home for money.

After the teenagers were unable to find any money, they removed unknown items
from the residence and ran away.

The first robber was described as a black male in his late teens, 6 feet 5
inches tall with a thin build and light mustache. He was wearing blue jeans, a
gray and yellow hooded sweatshirt and white sneakers and had a gold tooth,
police said.

The other teen also was described as a black male in his late teens, 5 feet 7
inches tall with glasses. He was wearing blue jeans and a yellow and black
hooded sweatshirt, police said.

Robbery

Someone robbed the 7-Eleven on Quarterfield Road at gunpoint Tuesday.

The clerk told police that a man entered the store at 7701 Quarterfield Road
displaying a handgun, as he demanded money. The clerk opened the register and
gave an undetermined amount of money to the suspect.

The robber then ran away in the direction of Pamela Road, police said. He was
described as a black man, 5 feet 8 inches tall to 6 feet tall, wearing dark
clothing, a dark ski mask and a knit cap, police said.

ANNAPOLIS

Road rage

A Glen Burnie man tried to run another car off the road and then threatened the
motorist with a 24-inch knife Wednesday, city police said.

Grant Yokanovich, 31, told police he was driving on West Street near Gibralter
Avenue at 1:21 p.m. when a man driving a red Acura swerved at him as if to run
him off the road. The driver of the Acura, later identified as 22-year-old
Justin Chinedu Uchendu, followed him and approached Mr. Yokanovich in the
parking lot of Thrifty Auto Repair, police said.

Witnesses told police Mr. Uchendu yelled at Mr. Yokanovich and threatened him.
Workers repeatedly asked Mr. Uchendu to leave, but he continued to threaten Mr.
Yokanovich, police said. At one point, Mr. Uchendu got a large knife from his
car and threatened to cut the workers who followed him into the parking lot. He
also said he had a gun under his seat, police said.

Mr. Uchendu drove away and returned at 1:44 p.m., when officers were on the
scene. They searched his car and didn't find any weapons, police said. Mr.
Uchendu denied threatening Mr. Yokanovich or having a knife, but several
witnesses in the area disputed his story. He was charged with assault.

DRUG LINE

Illegal activity

Anyone with information about illegal drug activity in Anne Arundel County can
call the countywide drug hotline at 800-752-DRUG.

The answering machine is in operation 24 hours a day. Anonymity is honored.

Each police district also has a hotline. They are:

Northern District (Brooklyn Park, Brooklyn Heights, Glen Burnie, Linthicum),
410-222-6139.

Eastern District (Pasadena, eastern Glen Burnie, Severna Park), 410-766-7892.

Western District (Severn, Gambrills, Odenton, Jessup, Harmans, Hanover),
410-674-6613.

You don't have to leave your name to call.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Clinton cannot win election without blood money: Analyst

LENGTH: 399  words


Daniel Patrick Welch says Hillary Clinton is not that much different from Ted
Cruz or Donald Trump.

US Democratic presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton cannot win the race for the
White House "without blood money," says a political commentator.

Daniel Patrick Welch, who talked to Press TV on Friday, also said that Clinton
is almost the same as her Republican rivals. "She is not all that much different
from Ted Cruz or Donald Trump."

Welch said Clinton's racist policies are similar to those of Trump and Cruz,
noting, the contest between them is like "a race between somebody who wants to
kill Black and Brown people domestically and someone who wants to kill them
internationally."

He pointed to Clinton's support for wars in "Libya, Iraq and everywhere else" as
examples of some of her international policies.

"Domestically, the Clintons have been just as horrific on race, on targeting
Black and Brown communities, using this absolutely racist 1994 crime bill which
Bill Clinton absolutely defended only just yesterday in response to Black Lives
Matter activists," he added.

On Thursday, former US president Bill Clinton confronted angry protesters of the
'Black Lives Matter' movement over a controversial bill he signed into law in
the 90s.

Clinton bickered with protesters in Philadelphia, defending his 1994 crime bill
which African Americans condemned as a measure that led to a surge in the
imprisonment of people of color.

Welch said all of the Clintons' measures against people of color "have been
devastating and they continue to be devastating for our Black and Brown
communities across the country."

He went on to say that Hillary Clinton, as the Democratic presidential
front-runner, "is just a candidate, who could not win an open contest," without
a large amount of "blood money."

Her Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, whose campaign was boosted by landslide
victories in Alaska, Washington, Hawaii and Wisconsin, is hoping to cut further
into Clinton's lead in her home state of New York, where voters will cast their
ballots on April 19.

Sanders has long been critical of US foreign policy and was an early opponent of
the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Clinton, by contrast, tends to be more hawkish
and inclined to use military force.

http://imgs.syndigate.info/198/701/7/146016062212.jpg

Daniel Patrick Welch says Hillary Clinton is not that much different from Ted
Cruz or Donald Trump.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2016 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 08, 1997, Sunday, Final Edition

New Players Join the Race for the Cure; Black Women See Apt Cause In Fight
Against Breast Cancer

Michael Powell; Susan Levine, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 852 words


Let's face it, Louanner Peters just wasn't ever going to play the victim.

This small, feisty woman was the first African American to integrate her dorm at
Louisiana State University, in 1968. Days later, white fraternity brothers
dressed up in Confederate costumes, rode horses and chased her across the
campus. She stayed and graduated.

So losing two breasts in a week to cancer in 1988 was supposed to shut Peters
down? She was supposed to crawl away somewhere and die?

"No, no, no. I had an 8-year-old son. I'm an only parent. I was chief of staff
for a congressman," she said. "I couldn't die."

She had chemotherapy, she "bloated like a blimp" and watched her skin turn three
shades darker -- and she survived. And yesterday she joined dozens of other
black women as their organization, Rise, Sister, Rise, and the Breast Cancer
Resource Committee marched across downtown Washington in the Race for the Cure.

Altogether, 36,500 people, among them 1,000 survivors, walked, jogged,
roller-bladed and ran to raise money to combat a disease that is the leading
cause of death for women ages 35 to 54. This year's race, with an assist from
Vice President Gore and his wife, Tipper Gore, was expected to raise $ 1.5
million for a dozen area hospitals and research centers and the Susan G. Komen
Breast Cancer Foundation.

And Peters and other black female survivors have found a new cause: championing
more research, earlier detection and support for African American women with
breast cancer.

More white women than black get breast cancer. But African American women tend
to get the disease at a younger age, and once they are diagnosed, they die at a
greater rate than do white women. The five-year, post-diagnosis survival rate
among black women with breast cancer is 62 percent, compared with 79 percent for
white women.

George Washington University Hospital recently conducted a study of 1,200 white
and black women with breast cancer. They found that although treatment varied
little, black women typically had more aggressive cancer cell types and died
more often.

"We didn't find a single area in which white women tended to have more
aggressive tumors than black women," said Robert Siegel, medical director of the
hospital's cancer center. "It's disturbing and unexplained."

Peters and Zora Brown, a former venture capitalist who founded the Breast Cancer
Resource Committee in 1990 after her sister's death from the disease, noted that
three out of four black women never seek a mammogram. And they say the national
breast cancer movement has focused more on white women than black and has been
slow to pour money into research and outreach in the black community.

That said, many marched for the most personal of reasons yesterday. Some had
small pink signs pinned to the backs of their T-shirts, announcing that they
raced in celebration or memory of a cancer patient.

Mary Fisher, a third-grade teacher from McLean, wore two signs: one for the
living, one for the dead. She had written 21 names on the two sheets. The first
name was that of her mother, 82 years old and nearly a quarter-century past her
cancer. "A true survivor," Fisher said.

She had written the names of 11 other survivors: friends from Kensington,
Potomac, Maine and Florida, a college sorority sister who underwent cancer
surgery Thursday and another friend who is undergoing breast reconstruction.

She has a goal: to keep her celebration list longer than her memory list.

Peters was no less determined to bring about change. She's a bred-in-the-bone
activist whose startling and exuberant laugh seems an able substitute for anger.
She recalled waking up from her first surgery. "The doctor said 'The good news
is we found cancer in only two lymph nodes.'

"I said, 'Hell, that's good news? What's the bad?' "

They had found cancer in her other breast. It was removed a week later. "I was
like, gimme a break," she said.

If she needed a prod, it came in the form of a cancer volunteer at the hospital.
A genteel lady walked in and gazed sorrowfully into Peters's eyes. "She said,
'Oh dear, I know you must be in mourning. Let's talk.' "

Peters recalled staring at the woman as if she were crazy. "No, I am not in
mourning," Peters snapped. " . . . Why is this lady depressing me? Get her out!"

That hacking laugh explodes again. "I grew up in a family where the words 'I
can't' didn't exist."

None of which is to suggest it's been easy. Her son knows the fear of hospitals
that can come only with the expectation that a loved one might not emerge again
from the building. "There is an anger when a child realizes a parent can die,"
she said.

But the bad times, she said, have passed. Her son is finishing high school, and
her breast cancer activism is thriving. At yesterday's close, more than 20
African American women in the pink T-shirts of survivors crowded atop the stage,
waving and grinning.

"We're on the stage now," she said. "Still haven't made it to the . . . mike,
but we're on the stage."

The Breast Cancer Resource Committee can be reached at 202-463-8040.


LOAD-DATE: June 09, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, susan biddle, Participants in the Race for the Cure, held to
raise money for breast cancer research, run on Constitution Avenue NW, between
13th and 12th streets.  Zora Brown, left, Louanner Peters and Valerie Youmans
take part in a ceremony for breast cancer survivors near the Washington
Monument. Brown founded the Breast Cancer Resource Committee.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              285 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                September 7, 1999 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

MANY AFRICAN-AMERICANS SHY AWAY FROM WALL STREET AS MORE BLACKS JOIN THE RANKS
OF THE MIDDLE CLASS AND THE AFFLUENT, BROKERAGE FIRMS SEEK TO TAP THAT MARKET

BYLINE: PAMELA YIP, Knight Ridder News Service

SECTION: GETTING AHEAD; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 1139 words


When Earl Graves Jr. stepped up to the podium at a recent investment symposium
for African-Americans, the chief operating officer of Black Enterprise magazine
gave the Atlanta audience a pithy summary of how far black people have come
economically.

"We have achieved good incomes," he said. "We do not have black wealth."

What's wealth? It's not what most people think, Graves said.

"Wealth-building is a mindset," he said. "It's not an article of clothing or a
fancy car that anyone can lease for $600 a month."

The issue has taken on added importance since the results of a survey by
discount brokerage giant Charles Schwab and Ariel Mutual Funds that showed that
black people remain underinvested in the stock market because of cultural and
demographic factors.

"After working so hard to join the middle class, many blacks are still missing
out on the greatest wealth-building opportunity in American history," said John
Rogers, president of Chicago-based Ariel, the largest black-owned mutual fund in
the nation.

Seventy-one percent of whites have a mutual fund or brokerage account vs. 56
percent for blacks, the survey said.

"The stock market has been around for over 100 years, and many people have been
successful in acquiring, building and preserving wealth," James F. Haddon, a
managing director at Salomon Smith Barney, told symposium participants. "Many
people, specifically many African-Americans, have not enjoyed the economic
benefits from participation in this market."

At a special disadvantage are black women, who ranked last in terms of ownership
of investments, the Ariel/Schwab survey found.

Many blacks keep most of their money in banks, real estate and life insurance
rather than with brokerage firms or mutual funds, the survey found.

Historical factors

Much of that is due to cultural and historical factors, said experts and black
investors.

"Investing in the stock market used to require a larger amount of money to
establish an account than it does now, and the industry then and now is
dominated by white men," said Carol Davis, president of the 5,400-member
Coalition of Black Investors in Winston-Salem, N.C.

And the brutal reality is that at one time, black money wasn't welcome on Wall
Street.

"There was a time when investment houses did not want the money of
African-Americans, so exposure to that aspect of saving and building wealth is
relatively new," said Aubrey Hurse, an African-American first vice president in
the Target Market Initiatives department at Salomon Smith Barney.

"Because of racism that existed in the 1800s and early 1900s, the foundation for
information in the experience of investing in the market is not
multigenerational," he said. "It doesn't go as deep with African-Americans."

Some black investors say their parents didn't talk to them about investing.

"My parents were not exposed to it," said Ellen Brackens, 72, a retired Dallas
teacher, who started investing about eight years ago. "Those were things that we
didn't even hear about -- what stocks and bonds really meant -- as I was growing
up."

A dearth of blacks in the investment industry also hasn't helped because many
want to do business with someone who looks like them.

"Society as a whole doesn't go to black people for investing, and black people
nine times out of 10 if someone were to talk to them about investing, it was a
white person," said Candy Averhart, a 28-year-old sales assistant in Dallas
who's been investing since 1997.

What's more, Brackens said, she never saw images of African-Americans who made
money from investments.

"It always seemed like it was meant for the white world, that it wasn't meant
for me," she said.

Distrust

When white investment advisers approached blacks about investing, it aroused
suspicion.

"It goes back to the old days when we have the attitude of the white man doesn't
look out for us. He looks out for himself," Averhart said. "It was like, why do
you want my money?"

Such skepticism is understandable, considering that many black athletes and
entertainers have lost their money at the hands of people they've trusted, such
as investment advisers and business managers, Graves said.

"It's a lack of trust in people," he said. "For so long, African-Americans have
been getting ripped off by investment professionals."

On the other hand, the insurance industry has courted blacks, going back to the
days when life insurance agents called on clients at home and collected
premiums.

"There were insurance companies marketing to our community a long time ago, when
you'd only have to pay a couple dollars a week for life insurance," Davis said.
"There were black insurance agents and black insurance companies."

But the reasons why many black people put their money in more conservative
assets can't all be pinned on racism. Much of it has to do with their
upbringing.

"We have a culture of conservatism," said Mellody Hobson, a senior vice
president at Ariel. "We have a lot of African-Americans who are making money for
the first time, and as a result of that, we're cautious and rightly so."

About seven out of 10 affluent black households have annual incomes greater than
$100,000, Haddon said. In the past four years, affluent black households have
grown almost three times as fast as the overall affluent market.

For many blacks, much of that wealth is earmarked for family, which makes them
more risk-averse, Hobson said.

"We think about our heirs," she said.

So it is with Brackens, who wants to leave some money to her three
grandchildren.

"I would like for them to have something," she said.

The strong family ties partly explain the affinity for real estate.

"They can pass it down to heirs," Hobson said.

The Ariel/Schwab survey found that 39 percent of blacks, compared with 30
percent of whites, called real estate "the best investment overall" because it's
tangible, and people can borrow against it and use it to earn extra income.

In the past, making it big in real estate was also one of the few ways blacks
could accumulate wealth, Davis said.

Agricultural roots

"Having a business and having real estate were the only wealth-producing assets
there were," she said. "That goes back to when we were an agricultural society."

Today, the investment industry is reaching out to blacks, Davis said.

"There's still plenty for them to do, but they are studying the market and
coming up with ideas . . . which is a positive step," she said.

Merrill Lynch conducts several programs in black communities, including
financial education and how to start and maintain a business. It is also
recruiting African-Americans for training as financial consultants.

"Society is realizing that black people really have money, so let me go and tap
this market," Averhart said.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Your Money

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: [no credit]
IT ALWAYS SEEMED LIKE IT WAS MEANT FOR THE WHITE WORLD, THAT IT WASN'T MEANT FOR
ME.
-- ELLEN BRACKENS, 72, A RETIRED DALLAS TEACHER, WHO STARTED INVESTING ABOUT
EIGHT YEARS AGO
[990907 GE 10C]

                     Copyright 1999 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday
                                Suburban Edition

Emmett Till's death, and history, fading in Miss. town

BYLINE: Wesley Lowery

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1379 words

DATELINE: MONEY, MISS.


MONEY, MISS. - Two vans, escorted by local sheriff's deputies, traveled deep
into the Mississippi Delta, a swath of poor agricultural towns separated by
endless stretches of corn and cotton. It was early afternoon when they arrived
at the dilapidated grocery store.

"Is this it?" one of the travelers asked.

The building was barely standing, covered in thick weeds and ivy: Bryant's
Grocery and Meat Market, once the centerpiece of a bustling town of 400. In
1955, it was the site of 14-year-old Emmett Till's fatal crime - whistling at a
white woman.

Today, Bryant's Grocery is derelict and forgotten, much like the town of Money.
Although Till's lynching is considered a pivotal spark of the civil rights
movement, there's little here to recall those events other than a modest
historic marker erected outside Bryant's four years ago.

Some say the grocery store should be turned into a museum, like many other
places critical to the civil rights movement, or at least prevented from falling
down.

"They should have preserved all of it," said Eddie Carthan, a distant relative
of Till's mother and the former mayor of Tchula, which in the 1970s became one
of the first Delta plantation towns to elect a black mayor.

Some of the region's black elder statesmen aren't convinced it matters much,
though. The slow deterioration of Money is symptomatic of the region's badly
ailing economy. Once propped up by agriculture, towns in this section of
northern Mississippi are now marked by blocks of boarded-up buildings, deeply
impoverished people and stray dogs. A civil rights museum in Money wouldn't
change that, they say.

"This is one of the poorest areas in the United States of America," said Johnny
B. Thomas, mayor of Glendora, a nearby village. "What you see here in Money is
the same thing you'll see in almost any other place . . . in this region."

Last weekend, on the 60th anniversary of Till's death, a hodge-podge of distant
relatives decided to pay their respects in Money, adding a visit to the
moldering town to the family's annual vigil at the boy's gravesite in Chicago.

The visit comes at a time when the nation is wrestling with how to handle public
symbols from that time and from other dark moments in the nation's past. In
recent months, several colleges have taken steps toward removing statues of
Confederate generals. Following the lead of lawmakers in South Carolina,
Mississippi officials are considering whether to remove Confederate imagery from
the state flag.

Till's relatives came from as close as Jackson, Miss., and as far away as
Oakland, Calif. Among the oldest was Charles Kelly, 66, a second-cousin who said
he had played with Till just days before he died. Among the youngest was an
11-year-old boy, whose family still lives in Mississippi, named Emmett Louis
Till Marshall.

Deborah Watts, a distant relative of Till's who co-founded the Emmett Till
Legacy Foundation, came from Minneapolis. She was visiting this part of
Mississippi for the first time. Her daughter Teri, a public relations
professional, helped coordinate the weekend, which included visits to other
sites relevant to Till's death.

First, they viewed a documentary about the lynching, one of the most recent in
U.S. history. Then, they gathered at a local museum for a luncheon. Then, they
marched through the black neighborhoods of Jackson, in a parade in Till's honor.
And then, they departed in vans on what one local official dubbed the "Till
trail of terrors tour": Bryant Grocery, the shed where he was killed, the river
where his body was found and the courtroom where his alleged killers were
declared not guilty.

"At the time of these events in 1955, the Mississippi Delta was a place where
racial attitudes now considered abhorrent were the norm for a significant
segment of society," FBI investigators wrote in a 2006 report on Till's death. "
'Jim Crow' laws were a framework through which the races interacted; and 'Negro
Justice,' an unwritten, de facto, separate legal system, served as the
foundation for jurisprudence between blacks and whites."

States across the South were locked in a bitter battle over voting rights and
school desegregation. White Southerners, bombarded with calls for desegregation,
felt their way of life was threatened. Poor whites, including shopkeepers who
served even poorer black communities, believed racial equality would come at
their expense.

In Mississippi, the unrest turned deadly. In May 1955, George W. Lee, a black
minister who was among the first black residents in the state to register to
vote, was shot and killed. In August, Lamar Smith, a black voting rights
activist and World War II veteran, was shot and killed as he registered black
voters outside a Mississippi courthouse. No one was charged in either killing.

Two weeks later, Till arrived in Mississippi from Chicago for a two-week visit
with his mother's family. After a few days, he went to Bryant's Grocery to buy
bubblegum and allegedly whistled at Carolyn Bryant, the wife of Roy Bryant, the
store's owner.

According to their testimony in court, Carolyn Bryant told her husband what had
happened the next day. The grocer was outraged. The following evening, he and
his half-brother, J.W. Milam, abducted Till at gunpoint. The boy's naked and
mutilated body was pulled from the muddy waters of the Tallahatchie River three
days later.

Today, the grocery is abandoned. The funeral home where Till's body was brought
is a decaying shell. And Glendora, where Bryant and Milam allegedly acquired the
metal cotton gin fan  that was tied to the boy's neck before his body was tossed
into the river, is home to a few hundred people - most living in poverty.

One of the few spots that has been preserved is the courthouse in Sumner, the
county seat, where Bryant and Milam were tried and acquitted. Indeed, their
courtroom was recently restored to look as it did during the trial.

State Sen. David Jordan (D), who has represented these rural counties since
1993, joined the tour in Sumner. He glanced around the old-fashioned room and
recalled attending the proceedings as a teenager. The most shocking thing about
it, Jordan said, was seeing white reporters from out of town frequenting black
businesses.

"It was the first time I had ever seen racial integration," said Jordan, who is
black and 81. "There were all of these white people staying in the black hotel.
I couldn't believe it."

Despite that spectacle, Jordan said few locals believed Bryant and Milam would
be convicted. The men claimed they had released Till after kidnapping him.

The pair were tried by a jury of 12 white men, each of whom were visited by the
local Citizens' Council, an offshoot of the Ku Klux Klan, to make sure they
would  vote "the right way," according to the FBI's probe of Till's death.

In 2005, the FBI opened a federal investigation into Till's death, but no new
charges were filed. Bryant and Milam are dead, and, while several other local
men are also believed to have been involved in the killing, no one has served
time for Till's slaying.

As the sun set in a pink-and-yellow country sky, the tour group made its way
toward one of the last stops of the day: Shurden Plantation in Drew, Miss. Here,
in a dimly lit shed, historians believe Till was tortured and beaten for at
least three hours before a bullet was put through his head.

"I haven't been back in these counties in decades, not since the late '60s,"
said Kelly, who wore a T-shirt covered in photos of Till. "To come back, it's
hard. It brings back a lot of old memories that I had forgotten about what this
did to our family."

The group spent close to half an hour at the shed, looking at the walls,
discolored by time, and spots on the ground where chunks of dirt were missing.
FBI investigators had dug it up when the investigation was reopened, searching
for signs of Till's DNA.

"I'm so sorry, Emmett. I'm so sorry," Deborah Watts whispered, her hands held
together near her chest as tears spilled from beneath her sunglasses. "I'm so
sorry."

"He knows you are," Teri Watts said, wrapping her arm around her mother's
shoulder.

They stood in the shed for several minutes longer, eyes focused on the wooden
rafters where Till's body had once hanged on cruel display.

"He knows we are," the daughter said.

wesley.lowery@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday

'Black money' case goes to grand jury

BYLINE: By David Hanners dhanners@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: NORTH ZONE STORIES; Crime and Court Stories; Minnesota-Twin Cities;
West Metro

LENGTH: 353 words


A federal magistrate Wednesday found probable cause to refer the case of three
men charged in a "black money" scam to a federal grand jury.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Franklin Noel relied on a precedent set in a 2007 appeals
court ruling involving one of the same men when he decided the charges shouldn't
be thrown out.

Attorneys for the men had said the criminal complaint filed Friday should be
dropped because there was no evidence the men gave their would-be victim money
that had been altered. Although the money had been blackened with a coating, it
had been cleaned by the time they gave it to the man.

"Your honor, this is a case about magic, smoke and mirrors," defense attorney
Robert Richman told Noel.

Benjamin Garduwar Karbedeh, 33, of Brooklyn Center; Timothy Sewro Boe, 38, of
Coon Rapids; and Sylvester Richards Gayekpar, 26, of Brooklyn Park, were charged
with conspiracy under a section of federal law that makes it illegal "to
defraud, to pass, utter, publish and sell an altered obligation or other
security of the United States."

Agents with the U.S. Secret Service said the men were running what is known as a
"black money" scam. Traditionally, those involved in the rip-off coat genuine
bills with a black substance, then tell their intended victim that they have
piles of coated money that can be washed off only with an expensive chemical.

They tell the intended victim that if he supplies money to buy the chemical,
they'll give him a percentage of the cleaned money. Once the intended victim
pays, they abscond with his funds.

In the case of Karbedeh, Boe and Gayekpar, the man they approached also happened
to be a confidential informant for the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. He
went to his agent-handlers, who set up a sting to catch the men.

Gayekpar was convicted on similar charges in 2005. He appealed, arguing that the
anti-counterfeiting statute he was convicted under couldn't be applied to
someone who had merely altered genuine currency. The 8th U.S. Circuit Court of
Appeals disagreed, and that was the precedent Noel noted in his ruling.

David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 10, 1993, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Heidi Fleiss' date with the judge

BYLINE: Jeanne Wright; Ann Trebbe Oldenburg

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 275 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


By 7: 30 a.m. Monday, a hungry media crowd was camped out in front of Municipal
Court here for Heidi Fleiss' 10 a.m. arraignment date.

The 27-year-old alleged madam to the stars pleaded not guilty to five counts of
pandering and one of cocaine possession.

L.A. Deputy District Attorney Frank Johnson called for a bail increase from $
100,000 to $ 135,000. But Fleiss' attorney, Anthony Brooklier, argued that
Fleiss "is a virtual prisoner in her house. I have no doubt she will make all
court appearances." The judge denied the request.

Next court date: a preliminary hearing Sept. 10.

Since Fleiss' June arrest, Hollywood has talked of almost nothing else; she
reportedly kept a little black book of her clients, rumored to include many of
Tinseltown's most famous and powerful.

Wearing a short, taupe dress and black high heels, Fleiss was mobbed on her
court arrival by camera crews. Visibly shaken by the crowd outside, she wore
sunglasses, removing them only when she stood to face the judge.  Earlier, she
rested her head on Brooklier's shoulder and took deep breaths to compose
herself.

With her were friends Victoria Sellers and Bo Money. Said Money, "I want the
media to stop harassing her."

Fleiss turned and whispered to them often, at one point opening her top a
little, like a joke, to show them her lingerie. She drank bottled water.

Before leaving, she huddled with bailiffs to discuss her safe exit; everyone was
instructed to stay seated until Fleiss left the courtroom.

Will the names in Fleiss' little black book come out? Said Suzanne Childs, a
D.A. spokeswoman: "Evidence relevant to the case will come out."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY

See related story; 02D

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              289 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 28, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

EDUCATION;
$45 Million Contributed To Negro College Fund

BYLINE: By LEE A. DANIELS

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 5; National Desk

LENGTH: 676 words


The United Negro College Fund, the chief fund-raising arm for most of the
nation's private black colleges, has surpassed its record for annual
contributions, with results from several large urban areas still to be tallied,
the organization's officials say.

The record, estimated to be $45 million, or about $1 million more than a year
ago, caps a year in which both the need and the ability of black colleges to
raise money became more visible than ever.

Much of that visibility came from the $20 million cBill Cosby and his wife,
Camille, gave in November to Spelman College, a black women's school in Atlanta.

Spelman is a United Negro College Fund member, but the Cosby gift is not counted
in the fund's total because he gave the money directly to the school. Just last
week Mr. Cosby gave $800,000 to Meharry Medical College in Nashville.

Concerts by the Famous

The fund itself gained hundreds of thousands of dollars in 1988 from highly
publicized separate benefit concerts by the singers Michael Jackson and Whitney
Houston.

And, as he has for the last seven years, Lou Rawls, the singer, led the fund's
national telethon on Dec. 17.

With entertainment provided by a host of film, stage, and television
personalities, logistical support from several major corporations, and a corps
of 800 volunteers, the fund's telethon raised just over $10 million.

Christopher F. Edley Sr., president and chief executive officer of the United
Negro College Fund, said that figure did not include complete totals from
Baltimore, Chicago, Miami and San Francisco. He said the contributions from
those cities would certainly make the total telethon figure greater than last
year's record of $10.2 million. #42 Member Colleges The fund has 42 member
colleges. The money it collects is distributed according to a three-step
formula. The process takes into account how much each college has raised on its
own in the year and the school's enrollment.

Volunteers answering phones in Manhattan at the telethon this year said they
wanted to do something to help maintain strong black colleges.

''I felt I had a civic obligation to be here,'' Harry Douglas, an appraiser for
a Manhattan real estate firm, said between telephone calls. ''Black colleges are
in danger of being forgotten. This helps jog people's memories.'' Mr. Douglas,
who attended City College of New York and New York University, added that this
was the first time he had volunteered, ''but once I did, I wondered why I'd
never done it before.''

Helping Young People

For Ira Herschaft, a worker in the mail room at Jacobi Hospital in the Bronx,
the telethon was more familiar terrain. This year was his fourth time, he said,
recalling that he had first volunteered after reading an advertisement about the
college fund on a subway billboard.

''This helps send young people to college, and I'm for that,'' Mr. Herschaft
said, adding that he also was a regular volunteer for telethons sponsored by the
Cerebral Palsy Association, the Muscular Dystrophy Appeal, and the United Jewish
Appeal.

''I volunteer for them all,'' he remarked, ''because they're all for good
causes.''

Beatrice Hairston from Harlem, who graduated from one black college and sent a
daughter to another, said she had returned for her 10th College Fund telethon
because ''each child we get into school is a child saved.''

''A mind is a terrible thing to waste,'' she said, repeating the fund's well
known theme. ''I take that notion seriously.''

Mr. Edley, who expanded the telethon into a major fund-raising drive in 1979,
said he was ''very pleased that we're raising more money every year and getting
more people involved in helping these institutions.''

But he seemed already to be mapping out next year's campaign. ''We've got to
work on how we can do it better, how we can induce more people to contribute and
more people to contribute more,'' he said. ''We're not doing this because we're
in the entertainment business. We're doing this because we want to get more
money for black higher education.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: graph of income from United Negro College Fund telethon from '79 to '88
(Source: United Negro College Fund)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              290 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     July 7, 1999, Wednesday, Home Edition

Jury selection begins today in Savannah senator's trial

BYLINE: Rhonda Cook, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Local News; Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 485 words

Federal prosecutors say state Sen. Diana Harvey Johnson used her legislative
position to defraud the state of $ 78,000, but her friends insist that the
Savannah lawmaker is a target of selective prosecution.

Today a jury will be chosen to decide if Johnson is a criminal or a victim. Her
trial is expected to take a week and a half.

Johnson, the former chairman of the Legislative Black Caucus, was temporarily
suspended from office with pay in mid-April, a month after she was named in a
five-count federal indictment. Johnson resigned as chairman of the Senate
Correctional Institutions and Property Committee before she was suspended.

She is charged with mail fraud for allegedly using her legislative office to
steer state funds for black tourism networks, which she helped found, to her
consulting company. She also is accused of improperly authorizing a loan from
the Legislative Black Caucus account.

Johnson never disclosed that she would benefit from that funding.

"We understand she rubbed the feathers of some people the wrong way a few years
ago and they decided to go after her," said state Rep. Tyrone Brooks (D-
Atlanta). "This is just low-down dirty politics. You can clearly see this is
ridiculous. This does not belong in a court of law.

"She is not alleged to have stolen anything," Brooks said. "If she had had this
delivered by courier or hand-delivered, these documents there would be nothing."

The federal-state investigation began about two years ago after a state audit
found her company, CAA Consulting Corp., benefitted from a state contract.

The indictment said Johnson attempted to defraud citizens "of money and property
and of their right to her honest services." The indictment said Johnson, as an
elected official, should be "free from corruption, fraud (and) conflict of
interest."

During the 1994 legislative session, the indictment said, Johnson, as a member
of the Appropriations Committee, pushed for funding for a black tourism network,
even though no such statewide group existed. That money eventually went to
groups Johnson founded --- Greater Savannah Black Tourism Network and Peach
State Black Tourism Association, according to the indictment.

CCA Consulting Corp. was the "adviser" to these businesses, so the state money
ended up in Johnson's pocket, the indictment said. CCA was Johnson's only income
outside of her $ 11,347-a-year legislative salary.

Also, the indictment said, Johnson wrote a $ 10,000 check to the Peach State
Black Tourism Association because money for some brochures was slow coming from
the state. Johnson allegedly wrote the check to herself as chairman of the
Legislative Black Caucus even though she did not have permission from other
members.

Prosecutors sought mail fraud charges because invoices were mailed. She faces 25
years in prison and fines of up to $ 1.25 million if convicted of all five
counts.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              291 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 24, 1995, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

PERSONAL BUSINESS;
Fighting the poverty formula;
Single, black mother advises: Work hard and save money

BYLINE: Gertha Coffee; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 7E

LENGTH: 340 words


The formula for poverty in America is to be black, female, single, young, a
mother or pregnant.

Black families headed by single women are among the nation's poorest - with a
median income of $ 10,380, compared with $ 36,660 for black couples with
children.

But it doesn't have to be that way, says Katrina Collins, a single mother of
two.

"It bothers me to see young women depending on the government for support," said
Collins, a 33-year-old day care operator with a 7-year-old daughter and a
9-year-old son. "Black men and women have to get out there and hustle. We can't
live the statistics that are put out for us."

The Stone Mountain day care center she founded is open 24 hours a day, seven
days a week. She earns up to $ 35,000 a year, with a projected $ 45,000 to $
50,000 once expansion of the center is completed. She currently employs one
full-time and two part-time workers. Collins, who has a degree in early
childhood development, moved to Atlanta last year from Los Angeles, where she
also operated a day care center.

"I had my children because I could afford to," she said. "I have to my advantage
my income and my ability to open a business and win clients over with trust."

In the past, Collins often worked two jobs to save enough money to start her day
care center. She opened her first one in Los Angeles in 1987, and moved to
Atlanta last year because of the "increasing opportunities for black-owned
businesses."

Her parents, both deceased, were her role models. "They both worked very hard.
And it was always, 'Save for a rainy day, put your money away.' "

Last month, Collins bought her first mutual fund to set aside money for her
children's college expenses. Her long-term goals also include buying into a
franchise, or franchising her business.

"Your goal could be something as simple as getting out of your present
situation," she said. "If making more money is part of that, make a list of the
steps you need to take. Then, write the steps down, stay focused and execute
your plan."

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chleo Wiver (right) and Alesia Ginn join Stone Mountain day care
center operator Katrina Collins for reading time. / PHIL SKINNER / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              292 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 26, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PRO FOOTBALL;
Cox Accuses the N.F.L. of Racism After $10,000 Fine

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI

SECTION: Section D; Page 3; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 862 words

DATELINE: HEMPSTEAD, N.Y., Nov. 25


Bryan Cox, believed to be the most heavily fined player in pro football history,
has been on his best behavior since joining the Jets in August and, as a result,
had been enjoying a fine-free season.

But the National Football League fined Cox $10,000 today for unnecessary
roughness during the Jets' victory last Sunday in Nashville, and afterward he
lashed out, accusing the league of racism.

Cox, who is black, used the words "tokens" and "house Negroes" in characterizing
the roles of two black N.F.L. officials -- Gene Washington, the director of
football operations, who handed down the fine, and Harold Henderson, the labor
relations director.

"With this league being over 70 percent black, and within the league office all
the black people that are in any position of authority are always pitted against
the players in the league," Cox said. "I feel like that's unfortunate and I
don't like that."

Cox, a linebacker, was not penalized for either of the plays for which he was
fined today. Both involved hits with his forearm in the second quarter, one to
the head of Oilers quarterback Steve McNair and one to running back Eddie
George.

Greg Aiello, an N.F.L. spokesman, said, "The league will not respond to Bryan
Cox's charges of racism." Aiello said that Washington, Henderson and
Commissioner Paul Tagliabue would not comment.

The latest fines bring Cox's career total to at least $146,000. They marked only
the second time in his career that Cox has been fined for his play -- the other
fines had to do with actions away from play involving fans or officials, or
fighting.

Cox says he has been fined more than $200,000 in a career that began in 1991,
but published records show a total of $146,000. The N.F.L. has fined him
$136,000 and he was also fined at least once, for $10,000, by the Bears, his
previous team. He was not fined by the Dolphins in five seasons.

Cox conceded that he was wrong on the hit against George, but defended his
actions against McNair, a scrambling quarterback who had just run for 17 yards.

"I was trying to tomahawk the ball, and when I swung, he slid and his head went
where the ball was," Cox said.

Cox, initially low-keyed as he discussed the fines at his locker, then took on
the league. That is not unusual -- Cox has already filed two lawsuits against
the N.F.L. One of his complaints today was that he is unable to designate the
charities his fine money goes to. Cox said he wanted it to go to a youth center
founded by Jackie Joyner-Kersee in his native East St. Louis, Ill.

Cox complained that there was no predominantly black charity that receives fine
money. By a 1993 agreement with the Players Association, the money is split
among four charities, two chosen by the league and two by the union. The league
gives the money to cancer funds named for Vince Lombardi and Brian Piccolo while
the players group chose a Lou Gehrig's disease charity and another that helps
needy former players. Before the 1993 agreement, the money went solely to the
cancer funds.

Cox was alternately blithe and bitter today."I got fined for unnecessary
roughness, which in football I didn't know there was such a thing," Cox noted.

Coach Bill Parcells, who rescued the 30-year-old Cox from limbo last summer
after he was cut by the Bears, said of the fines, "I'm not in a position to
agree or disagree." But he also said that the hit against McNair "could have
been interpreted in a couple of ways."

Cox, a former Pro Bowler who was out of shape when Parcells called on him,
quickly become a major figure on defense for a team hurt by injuries to its
linebackers. He is now the starting weakside linebacker, having sent last year's
top draft pick, James Farrior, to the sideline.

Parcells had been pleased by how Cox had reined in his volatile temper this
season. The coach pointed out that in a preseason game at Chicago, Cox was hit
behind the head by a Bear after the play had stopped and did not react.

Two years ago Cox was fined a game's pay, then $87,500, for making obscene
gestures toward a field judge who had penalized him for throwing his helmet. Cox
filed a suit over that fine, which was dismissed last September. He had also
filed a suit over a $10,000 fine he received in 1993 when he made an obscene
gesture toward Buffalo fans whom he said used racial slurs, charging that the
league "failed to maintain an environment free from racial harassment."

The case was settled, with the league lowering the fine to $3,000 and agreeing
to eject fans who used racial epithets.

Cox said he has been happy since joining the Jets. "Football is my girlfriend
again," he said. "I broke up with her a couple of times." The reasons for the
change, he said, were "a little maturity, a little happiness, a little where I
want to be."

EXTRA POINTS

 The Jets were fined $10,000 by the league Wednesday for actions last Sunday in
Nashville. The league said BILL PARCELLS closed the visitors' locker room after
the game "without authorization." Parcells contended that the room was small and
could have created a dangerous situation. He said key players were available to
reporters outside the locker room.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bryan Cox, halting the Oilers' Steve McNair with a forearm, said
he was going for the ball and hit McNair's helmet when the quarterback slid.
(Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              293 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            December 16, 2005 Friday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Black faces racketeering and obstruction charges: Forfeiture of US$92M of assets
sought, including two homes

BYLINE: Theresa Tedesco, with files from Barbara Shecter, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 538  words


Conrad Black is facing four new criminal charges -- including racketeering and
obstruction of justice -- and up to 95 years in jail if convicted on all counts
in an expanded indictment filed yesterday by U.S. federal prosecutors.

Four additional anti-corruption charges, usually used to combat organized crime,
allege the former publishing baron led an ongoing racketeering enterprise that
engaged in money laundering, and mail and wire fraud to divert about
US$85-million from Chicago-based Hollinger International Inc. The indictment
also seeks the forfeiture of more than US$92-million worth of Lord Black's
assets, including homes in Florida and New York.

According to the 75-page, 15-count indictment filed by the U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District of Illinois, "Black was the principal leader, manager and
organizer of an association of individuals and entities" that existed to enrich
himself and a group of four former associates and his Toronto-based private
holding company at the expense of Hollinger International shareholders.

Lord Black, 61, was charged under the U.S. Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organization Act (RICO).

The indictment alleges he operated a scheme at Hollinger "through a pattern of
seven specific racketeerings acts, each containing one or more underlying
allegations of fraud or interstate transportation of money taken by fraud."

The new RICO charges supersede an 11-count indictment filed on Nov. 17 against
Lord Black, Peter Atkinson, Mark Kipnis, John (Jack) Boultbee and the Ravelston
Corp., Ltd., the Toronto-based private company through which Lord Black
controlled his media assets.

Under RICO, U.S. federal prosecutors are seeking the forfeiture of Lord Black's
ownership interests in Conrad Black Capital Corp., an Ontario-based private
holding company through which he controls some of his assets, as well as
US$92-million, including US$8.9-million seized by the FBI from the sale of a New
York apartment in October, and his Palm Beach, Fla., mansion that was listed for
US$37-million earlier this year.

Sources say Lord Black and his wife, Barbara Amiel, have already had $70-million
worth of their assets frozen or rendered inaccessible in the past two years.

Lord Black was expected to appear before federal Judge Amy St. Eve today and be
arraigned on the new RICO charges. However, inclement weather in Toronto and
Chicago could delay his attendance at the court proceeding. He has already
pleaded not guilty to the 11-count indictment on Dec. 1, as have his
co-defendants.

Edward Greenspan, a prominent Canadian criminal lawyer representing Lord Black,
said yesterday his client "asserts his innocence without qualification to all
the charges contained in this Indictment."

RICO affords U.S. prosecutors wider powers and entitles them to triple the
restitution, fines and penalties they are seeking from the court. As well, the
anti-corruption laws allow prosecutors to confiscate assets that were involved
or used to control the alleged criminal activity before a conviction.

The racketeering and obstruction of justice charges carry maximum terms of 20
years each and 10 years if convicted for money laundering. If convicted on all
counts, Lord Black faces up to 95 years in jail.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            October 12, 1992, Monday

YOUR MONEY Broadcasting the smart-money message Investing expert's tips reach
millions of blacks each week

BYLINE: By Shelia M. Poole and Gertha Coffee STAFF WRITERSblacks; personal;
finances; consumer; aid; radio

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 952 words


It's not how much money you have, but how you manage and invest it.

That's the message Charles Ross drums into more than 3.5 million consumers each
week through syndicated radio shows and newspaper columns that go to
predominantly black audiences throughout the country.

"Most people spend a lot of time earning money, but generally, they don't spend
a lot of time learning how to invest it," said Mr. Ross, founder and president
of Atlanta-based Financial Media Services and host of the "Your Personal
Finance" radio show.

This Saturday and Sunday, Mr. Ross will take his message to another audience
when he launches Money Expo '92 - seminars and exhibits that will put consumers
face-to-face with insurance companies, banks, businesses and career placement
firms.

The 34-year-old New York native hopes his first expo will expand his reach
beyond his traditional audience.

"The information is germane to all people," he said. "We're trying to build on
our strength in the black community and offer information to all people who have
an interest in improving their financial lives."

The expo, expected to draw about 15,000 people to the Georgia World Congress
Center, will provide information on topics from saving for your child's college
education to marketing your small business in tight times.

Speaking plainly

Teaching people to manage their dollars wisely has been a goal of Mr. Ross's
since 1983, when he founded FMS, a company that provides personal finance
education through the radio, newspapers and books.

One of Mr. Ross's key strengths is his ability to simplify complex topics, said
Katie Shern, education director of Consumer Credit Counseling Service of Greater
Atlanta.

"If we don't learn how to handle money - and people like Charles Ross teach it
so well - we create a lot of misconceptions," Ms. Shern said. "Unfortunately,
our economic lives ride on those misconceptions."

To combat those notions, Mr. Ross preaches a simple message: "Budget your money,
save and invest. . . . In recessionary times, if you learn how to manage money
then, when prosperity returns you will be better off. Everything revolves around
money, and I've always believed that if you have your finances together then
everything else falls in line."

At the expo this weekend, exhibitors will include major banks, the Georgia
Student Finance Commission and the Federal Reserve Bank of Atlanta.

"We are vitally interested in helping consumers understand their rights in the
area of finance," said Robert P. Forrestal, president of the Atlanta Federal
Reserve. "That is why my staff and I are pleased to be part of Money Expo."

It's been a long road for Mr. Ross from the rough-and-tumble world of a Bronx
housing project, where he grew up, to rubbing elbows with a Federal Reserve
president.

While attending the University of Georgia, he worked at radio stations on and
off campus. From that experience, he yearned to own a station but felt he needed
to learn about finances first.

The place to learn that, he decided, was in a bank. He landed at Decatur Federal
and, within five years, worked his way up from teller to sales manager of its
investment department. Later, he left to start the investment department at
Georgia Federal.

Success on radio

It was while he was there that Mr. Ross began a cable television show on money
matters. The 30-minute show lasted about a year before he decided to take it to
radio, which had cheaper production costs.

The radio show, "Your Personal Finance," began airing on WVEE-FM (V- 103) in
July 1986, as a daily two-minute feature.

With just his telephone and his show as tools, Mr. Ross began calling other
black-oriented radio stations and newspapers across the nation, trying to
interest them. Some signed on, but others thought that a show on money
management was too much of an untried concept.

"I think there's a misconception that blacks are not interested in money
management, but the success of the show is indication enough," Mr. Ross said.
"There is a lot of interest in money management among black individuals. There
has just never been a vehicle to tap into that market."

The response has been tremendous, according to Rick Mack, general manager of
V-103 and its sister station, WAOK-AM (1380), which carries "Your Personal
Finance Live," Mr. Ross's three-hour talk show.

"Our primary interest is that it provides much needed information," said Mr.
Mack. "While it may seem like a music station is not the climate for this kind
of information, it fits right in. The show is very well- produced."

Who's his audience?

Mr. Ross said his typical listener or reader has an average income of more than
$ 26,000, with 10 percent making more than $ 50,000. His research indicates that
35 percent are college-educated and 46 percent own their own homes.

About 90 percent of his listeners are black, and the show is now carried on more
than 70 urban-radio stations from Los Angeles to Chicago to Eutaw, Ala. Four new
stations will be added in 1993.

And Mr. Ross, a member of the National Association of Urban Bankers and the
International Association of Financial Planners, already has begun expanding to
the general market.

Last summer, he signed a two-year contract with MasterCard International to
conduct money management seminars on college campuses. He also conducts seminars
for churches, organizations and businesses.

Clear need seen

"We can get all the way through college and graduate school and not learn how to
handle money," said Ms. Shern of Consumer Credit Counseling Service, which will
conduct budgeting seminars at Money Expo.

"There are some very basic things that people should understand, but they
don't," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922940043

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              295 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 19, 1996, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Dream team to donate to black churches

BYLINE: Oscar Dixon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 234 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


ATLANTA -- NBA basketball players on the U.S. Olympic Dream Team
have decided to share some of their wealth with black churches
hit by a string of arsons in the South.

Eleven players on the 12-member team will donate the money they
are awarded by the U.S. Olympic Committee to help rebuild churches,
Charles Barkley said Thursday.

The U.S. Olympic Committee will pay athletes $ 15,000 for winning
a gold medal; $ 10,000 for silver; $ 7,500 for bronze; and $ 5,000
for a fourth place.

The Dream Team's expected gold medal would net $ 165,000 to churches.

Sixty-seven black churches have been destroyed by fires in 11
Southern states since the start of 1995.

Houston Rockets center Hakeem Olajuwon, a Muslim, supported the
team's decision but will give his money to an Islamic foundation.

"We don't need to come to the Olympics for any financial reward,"
said Barkley, the Phoenix Suns forward. "We're giving the money
to the black churches." Reggie White, a minister and defensive
end for the Green Bay Packers, has been urging athletes to donate
since his church in Knoxville, Tenn., burned in January. "I want
to thank the Dream Team," he said. "They're making the move
to try to get other people to do it."

In Marianna, Fla., John Knowlton, 57, was set for court appearance
today on a charge of second-degree arson. Police charged him with
a June 11 fire.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              296 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                          December 29, 2005, Thursday

COMMON SENSE / Publicly financed elections could help clean up Tar Heel politics

BYLINE: Cantwell

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 664 words


You can't openly bribe politicians. But you can contribute to their campaigns
and when they leave office, they get to keep the money. Offering candidates
public financing if they turn down big donors is a better alternative.

Democracy North Carolina, which watches how money flows in Raleigh, has issued a
political report card for 2005 that tracks "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly."

N.C. House Speaker Jim Black, D-Mecklenburg, looms large in the "Bad" and "Ugly"
sections (you can read the report at www.democracy-nc.org).

The report criticizes Black, an optometrist, for taking nearly $ 60,000 from
optometrists, then helping engineer a requirement that 5-year-olds entering
public schools must get costly eye exams. Schoolchildren already received vision
tests for free.

A Black appointee to the Lottery Commission turned out to be on the payroll of
Scientific Games, one of the companies hoping to run the lottery. Scientific
Games also paid Black adviser Meredith Norris to wine and dine legislators.

Black and his allies showered money on former Rep. Michael Decker, a Forsyth
County Republican turned Democrat. The video poker industry was especially
generous. Black fought off attempts to outlaw video poker.

And Black has served as finance chairman of the Democratic Legislative Campaign
Committee, which, Republicans say, may be playing money games similar to those
that landed U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, in legal hot water.

All of the above may be legal. But it's not right.

Democracy North Carolina praised progress toward publicly financed elections.
Judicial campaign reform took effect in 2004, making judicial races nonpartisan
and providing a voters guide from the Elections Board.

The reform act also gave appellate court candidates the option of receiving
public funds in exchange for complying with fund-raising and spending limits.
The money comes from a $ 50 annual fee paid by lawyers.

Candidates for the Court of Appeals or Supreme Court must raise qualifying
donations from at least 350 contributors in amounts ranging from $ 10 to $ 500.
Appeals Court hopefuls then get $ 137,500 and Supreme Court candidates $ 201,300
for their general election campaigns. Once they accept the public money, they're
barred in most cases from raising more private funds.

"They have to stop raising money and start talking to voters," said Bob Hall,
Democracy North Carolina's research director.

There is a provision that gives candidates more money - "rescue funds" - if they
face an especially free-spending opponent.

The system was generally deemed a success, said A.P. Carlton Jr. of Raleigh, who
was president of the American Bar Association in 2002 and 2003. Fund raising by
judges becomes awkward when a lawyer faces an opponent known to support the
judge in front of them.

But Carlton said he knows one candidate for an upcoming statewide judicial race
who decided to skip public financing, figuring he'd rather try to raise enough
money early on to discourage potential opponents.

Despite that strategy, 14 of the 16 eligible candidates in 2004 sought public
financing.

The Voter Owned Elections Act would create a similar system for Council of State
races. Perhaps if former Agriculture Commissioner Meg Scott Phipps had been able
to choose public financing, she wouldn't have gone to prison over illegal
campaign contributions. I hope that act passes in 2006.

I don't know what it would take for the honorables to enact a public financing
option for themselves, but it's needed.

The Connecticut Legislature recently approved voluntary public financing for
legislative and statewide races after former Gov. John G. Rowland went to prison
in a corruption scandal.

Sometimes, all it takes is a wakeup call. The lottery fiasco and other
statehouse shenanigans should spur Tar Heel voters to demand an alternative to
big-money politics as usual.

Contact Si Cantwell at 343-2364 or

si.cantwellstarnewsonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              297 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                          December 29, 2005, Thursday

COMMON SENSE / Publicly financed elections could help clean up Tar Heel politics

BYLINE: Cantwell

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 664 words


You can't openly bribe politicians. But you can contribute to their campaigns
and when they leave office, they get to keep the money. Offering candidates
public financing if they turn down big donors is a better alternative.

Democracy North Carolina, which watches how money flows in Raleigh, has issued a
political report card for 2005 that tracks "The Good, the Bad and the Ugly."

N.C. House Speaker Jim Black, D-Mecklenburg, looms large in the "Bad" and "Ugly"
sections (you can read the report at www.democracy-nc.org).

The report criticizes Black, an optometrist, for taking nearly $ 60,000 from
optometrists, then helping engineer a requirement that 5-year-olds entering
public schools must get costly eye exams. Schoolchildren already received vision
tests for free.

A Black appointee to the Lottery Commission turned out to be on the payroll of
Scientific Games, one of the companies hoping to run the lottery. Scientific
Games also paid Black adviser Meredith Norris to wine and dine legislators.

Black and his allies showered money on former Rep. Michael Decker, a Forsyth
County Republican turned Democrat. The video poker industry was especially
generous. Black fought off attempts to outlaw video poker.

And Black has served as finance chairman of the Democratic Legislative Campaign
Committee, which, Republicans say, may be playing money games similar to those
that landed U.S. Rep. Tom DeLay, R-Texas, in legal hot water.

All of the above may be legal. But it's not right.

Democracy North Carolina praised progress toward publicly financed elections.
Judicial campaign reform took effect in 2004, making judicial races nonpartisan
and providing a voters guide from the Elections Board.

The reform act also gave appellate court candidates the option of receiving
public funds in exchange for complying with fund-raising and spending limits.
The money comes from a $ 50 annual fee paid by lawyers.

Candidates for the Court of Appeals or Supreme Court must raise qualifying
donations from at least 350 contributors in amounts ranging from $ 10 to $ 500.
Appeals Court hopefuls then get $ 137,500 and Supreme Court candidates $ 201,300
for their general election campaigns. Once they accept the public money, they're
barred in most cases from raising more private funds.

"They have to stop raising money and start talking to voters," said Bob Hall,
Democracy North Carolina's research director.

There is a provision that gives candidates more money - "rescue funds" - if they
face an especially free-spending opponent.

The system was generally deemed a success, said A.P. Carlton Jr. of Raleigh, who
was president of the American Bar Association in 2002 and 2003. Fund raising by
judges becomes awkward when a lawyer faces an opponent known to support the
judge in front of them.

But Carlton said he knows one candidate for an upcoming statewide judicial race
who decided to skip public financing, figuring he'd rather try to raise enough
money early on to discourage potential opponents.

Despite that strategy, 14 of the 16 eligible candidates in 2004 sought public
financing.

The Voter Owned Elections Act would create a similar system for Council of State
races. Perhaps if former Agriculture Commissioner Meg Scott Phipps had been able
to choose public financing, she wouldn't have gone to prison over illegal
campaign contributions. I hope that act passes in 2006.

I don't know what it would take for the honorables to enact a public financing
option for themselves, but it's needed.

The Connecticut Legislature recently approved voluntary public financing for
legislative and statewide races after former Gov. John G. Rowland went to prison
in a corruption scandal.

Sometimes, all it takes is a wakeup call. The lottery fiasco and other
statehouse shenanigans should spur Tar Heel voters to demand an alternative to
big-money politics as usual.

Contact Si Cantwell at 343-2364 or

si.cantwellstarnewsonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              298 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 23, 1993, Sunday, City Edition

Aid for black grads divides lawyers

BYLINE: BRUCE VIELMETTI

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 979 words



A Florida Bar program designed to help black law school graduates pass the  Bar
exam has ignited hot debate among Florida's lawyers over just who is
discriminating about what.

The program would provide $ 1,000 each to about 50 graduates to pay for  private
Bar exam preparation courses. But the money is available only to black
graduates.

The idea is to improve the passage rate of black applicants taking the  exam.
Some statistics show that while about 75 percent of whites who took the  exam in
1991 passed, only about 43 percent of black applicants passed.

Though no one has statistical evidence that taking a review course  increases
the odds of passing the Bar exam, virtually everyone who can afford  a prep
course takes one. And Bar leaders heard from many black lawyers who  said they
could not.

"I'm a single parent and I would definitely apply for the stipend," said  Pam
Booker, a third-year student at the University of Florida's law school.  "I
don't have $ 1,000 right offhand."

While the program could help students like Booker, other lawyers see it as
another example of the Florida Bar's advancing a liberal social agenda that  not
all members agree with or believe the Bar should be advancing.

In the May 15 edition of the Florida Bar News, some members had strong
reactions to the new program.

"I was shocked and amazed, nay, appalled . . .," wrote Sherry Fowler  Chancellor
of Pensacola. "How can we countenance such blatant  discrimination?"

"Limited means is not a condition exclusive to some black people, nor is  it a
persuasive reason for failure of the exam," wrote Craig Dittrich, a  Florida Bar
member in California.

"I suggest that anyone who has the financial means to attend and graduate  from
law school, and who is serious about their legal career, can find the  money to
pay for a cram course if they think they need one," wrote Charles L.  Cetti of
Pensacola.

Florida Bar leaders approved the program by a 24-7 vote in April. Among the
dissenting voters was Ky Koch of Clearwater.

"I think it's a wonderful social policy. We need more black lawyers.  They've
been discriminated against," Koch said. "But the Bar is not a  socially
legislative body. We represent lawyers as constituents. We regulate  the
practice, not institute social good."

Fellow board of governors member William Sizemore of Tampa agreed.

The low passage rate for black Bar applicants is "obviously a problem and  one
that needs to be addressed," Sizemore said. "But I'd rather have the  private
sector do that."

In voting against the program, Sizemore argued that because the Florida Bar  is
a quasi-governmental body, doling out money strictly on the basis of race
violates the U.S. Constitution.

The Bar's leadership has sought a legal opinion on that issue - from  Frederick
Bosch, one of its members who voted in favor of it.

Bill Blews, a St. Petersburg lawyer who will lead the Florida Bar in 1994,
supports the program.

"My belief is let's do more to help assist minorities become involved in  the
profession," he said.  "And we hear part of the reason for the low rate  is, "We
can't afford the Bar review course.' "

To be licensed to practice law in Florida, the applicant must take and pass  the
state's Bar exam, even if he has years of experience as a lawyer in  another
state.

Exam registration costs $ 725 for recent law school graduates and up to  $ 1,200
for lawyers who have been out longer. The two-day exam is administered  in
Tampa, once in February and once in July.

Several private companies offer intensive review courses, which last about  two
months and cost about $ 1,000. Some guarantee their students will pass the  Bar
exam or get a new course free.

Interviews with lawyers and Bar officials provided this chronology of the
program's creation:

The Bar's Committee on Equal Opportunities in the Profession suggested to  Bar
leaders that they provide money to several minority groups to help them  prepare
for the Bar exam.

The Bar requested money from the Florida Bar Foundation, a non-profit group
that administers about $ 10-million collected from interest on lawyers' trust
accounts.

The Foundation's board of directors limited the $ 50,000 to African-American
recipients.

"The point of view was, what evidence is there that others are similarly
affected?" said Jane Curran, the foundation's director.

Mary Scriven, a Tampa lawyer who serves on the foundation's board, said the
group already funds tuition scholarships for black students in law school and
the exam prep course stipends should follow the same criteria.

However, in an effort to expand the pool of minorities eligible for the  $ 1,000
prep course money, the Bar is negotiating with private review course  providers
to provide a free course for every course paid for by the program.  Two
companies have agreed.

"Those matching courses would be available to non-black graduates," Blews  said.

Even among black law graduates, it is uncertain just who would qualify for  the
$ 1,000 stipends.

Carol Bracy, a Bar official who will oversee the program, said the exact
financial criteria have not been adopted yet. A committee of the Bar's leaders
is expected to address that issue this week.

Curran of the Bar Foundation said she is not surprised there is controversy
over the stipends.

"Let's experiment, see what works," she said. "We're really concerned  with
outcomes. . . . There's lots of room for policy debate on this issue.  It's not
easy."

Scriven, a member of the Bar Foundation that provided the $ 50,000 seed  money,
said she also expected strong reaction.

"It's so unfortunate this kind of thing divides the Bar," she said. "The  people
who scream the loudest are always the ones who were the least involved  in the
process."

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                              299 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                           October 9, 2013  Wednesday

4 Other States Could Be Affected by Desegregation Ruling in Maryland

BYLINE: Eric Kelderman

SECTION: LEGAL; Administration

LENGTH: 657  words

ABSTRACT

The decision, based on a key Supreme Court precedent, could trigger a renewed
look at whether other states have integrated their public colleges.

FULL TEXT

A federal district court's ruling on Monday that Maryland has failed to fully
desegregate its public higher-education system is the first significant judicial
decision on the topic since 1992, said an expert on the case, and could spur
federal action or similar lawsuits in a handful of other states.

In her 60-page opinion, Judge Catherine C. Blake of the U.S. District Court in
Baltimore concluded that Maryland had allowed a segregated, dual system of
higher education to persist by allowing traditionally white colleges to offer
many more high-demand degree programs than were allowed at historically black
colleges.

The effect of that policy, the judge ruled, was that the black colleges had been
unable to effectively compete for white students. As a result, she said, the
black colleges were more racially segregated now than they were in the 1970s.

"I think this is a wake-up call-that the remnants of the formerly segregated
system remain in place in the state of Maryland," said Clifton F. Conrad, a
professor of higher education at the University of Wisconsin at Madison and an
expert consultant for the federal government in numerous cases dealing with
issues of race and gender equity in higher education, including the Maryland
case.

Although Judge Blake did not rule against the state's formula for appropriating
money to Maryland's four historically black colleges, they are likely to get
much more state money as new academic programs are opened, Mr. Conrad said.

The judge "isn't saying there's a problem, per se, with the missions or the
funding," he said. "But she is saying that this unnecessary program duplication
remains. That's quite a decision."

A Mississippi Precedent

Presidents of the four historically black colleges-Bowie State, Coppin State,
and Morgan State Universities and the University of Maryland-Eastern
Shore-responded positively to the decision. A spokeswoman for Gov. Martin
O'Malley, a Democrat, was quoted in The Sun of Baltimore as saying that the
state was still considering its options. The state attorney general's office and
the Maryland Higher Education Commission have not issued any response to the
ruling, nor have the state's traditionally white institutions.

Mr. Conrad also served as an expert witness for the U.S. Department of Justice
on the legal precedent cited by Judge Blake-the U.S. Supreme Court's decision in
United States v. Fordice. In that case, decided in 1992, the Supreme Court found
that Mississippi had not done enough to eliminate the policies and practices
that contributed to persistent segregation in its higher-education system.

Since that time, the U.S. Education Department's Office for Civil Rights has
worked to eliminate segregation in higher education in several states, including
Maryland, which signed an agreement in 2000 to overhaul its policies and enhance
the stature and competitiveness of the four historically black institutions.

When that agreement expired, in 2006, the state reported that it had met its
obligations. But a coalition of students and alumni of the black colleges
disagreed and filed a lawsuit demanding greater change. Monday's ruling brought
closure to that suit unless the state chooses to appeal the decision.

Mr. Conrad said four other states, in particular, should be paying attention to
the Maryland decision: Florida, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, and Texas. Each of them
signed an agreement similar to Maryland's to desegregate its higher-education
system, and each has claimed to have met its responsibilities.

In addition to the possibility of similar lawsuits, Mr. Conrad said, the ruling
may prompt officials in the Office for Civil Rights "to renew their efforts in
those states."

Higher-education officials in those four states did not have an immediate
response to the ruling.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Morgan State U. is one of four historically black universities in
Maryland that may benefit from a court decision on Monday. Even though the judge
did not fault the state's budgeting, the universities are likely to see
increased appropriations in order to open competitive new programs.
4 Other States Could Be Affected by Desegregation Ruling in Maryland 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 2, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Time, millions donated to rebuild burned churches

BYLINE: Lori Sharn

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1392 words


The plight of burned churches has moved individuals and corporations
to give more than $ 5 million toward rebuilding funds so far. Millions
of dollars more is expected before the donations slow down.

So many people want to volunteer their labor that some offers
of help have been turned down.

Money is "coming in fast and furious from around the country,"
says Don Rojas of the National Council of Churches. "Very soon
we'll be in a position to say we've reached or even exceeded our
$ 4 million goal."


Churches around the country held special collections this weekend
for rebuilding funds in an effort called "sabbath of support."

Aid is flowing in so fast and from so many groups that Rep. J.C.
Watts, R-Okla., is working to establish an information clearinghouse
to help members of burned churches find out what help is available.

Many groups are still working on the criteria they will use to
determine who gets the money. Issues under consideration include:
Whether both black and white churches are eligible; whether racism
has to be a factor in the arson; and how much insurance the church
had.

Sixty-seven black churches have been struck by arson since Jan.
1, 1995. The amount raised so far is enough to give about $ 75,000
to each of those churches.

"We're discussing the best way to make sure the right people
get it. We haven't reached a conclusion yet," says Ken Jacobson,
assistant national director of the Anti-Defamation League. The
ADL has collected more than $ 100,000 in amounts ranging from $ 1
to $ 1,000. Jacobson says people also have sent a huge number of
"very moving" letters of support for the burned churches.

The biggest fund so far is that of the National Council of Churches,
boosted by $ 2.7 million in grants from foundations as well as
hefty donations from many denominational headquarters. The council
includes 33 Christian groups, including African-American denominations.

Rojas says an investigation will determine the needs of each church
that has been burned.

"Initially it will be limited to black churches. That's where
the greatest need is at this moment," he says. "We hope to raise
enough money to help all the churches that have been affected."

Mosques and synagogues burned because of hatred will be considered
too: "We're targeting all incidents of racially motivated crimes
against places of worship," Rojas says.

The National Council of Churches will also use part of the money
to carry out anti-racism programs.

Other efforts include:

-- The Southern Baptist Convention, the USA's second largest
denomination, raised nearly $ 300,000 in cash and pledges at its
national conference last month.

Teams of skilled craftsmen are being sent to rebuild churches.
So many teams were helping at Salem Baptist Church in Fruitland,
Tenn., that the surplus was sent to another destroyed church.

-- The Christian Coalition wants to raise $ 1 million. It will
mail letters to 100,000 churches asking them to take special collections
this month.

-- Promise Keepers, the national men's movement, plans to raise
$ 1 million at its stadium meetings this summer and fall, and through
local chapters. Its emphasis will be rebuilding in areas hurt
by racism.

"We want to see the relationships built," says spokesman Steve
Chavis. "It won't be just writing a check."

-- The Laborer's International Union of North America is collecting
donations from its local unions and district councils. It is also
providing skilled union members for rebuilding, starting with
Sweet Home Baptist Church in East Baton Rouge Parish, La.

-- Reggie White, the Green Bay Packers' all-pro defensive end,
is asking fellow NFL players to donate $ 5,000 each -- equal to
the rebate checks from their union dues. If every player participated,
donations would exceed $ 8 million.

White is also associate pastor of Inner City Church in Knoxville,
Tenn., which burned Jan. 8. Residents of Wisconsin, home of the
Packers, have given more than $ 200,000 of the $ 500,000 raised
so far by Inner City.

Local fund-raising and rebuilding efforts have also flourished,
boosted by national media attention.

More than $ 25,000 was donated to rebuild three black churches
in Boligee, Ala., after a story in USA TODAY two weeks ago.

"We clearly have gotten the nation's attention now," Spiver
Gordon, the Green County chairman of the Southern Christian Leadership
Conference, said Monday.

A total of $ 125,000 in donations, $ 60,000 in insurance and volunteer
labor from church groups should permit the three Boligee churches
to reopen by the end of the summer.

Volunteers have been so plentiful, says J.D. Kuepfer of Mennonite
Disaster Services, that offers by some churches to send busloads
of people on weekends had to be turned down.

In Greenville, Texas, where two black churches burned on June
9 and 10, more than $ 250,000 has been raised already.

"That doesn't count goods and services," says John Sutton, who
is leading the effort. "We've had offers of air-conditioning
systems, and stained glass and pews. . . It almost becomes overwhelming."

Sutton's company, Raytheon E-Systems, pledged $ 50,000. So did
AT&T. The Episcopal diocese in Dallas gave $ 25,000, and the
megachurch Second Baptist in Houston collected $ 83,600 in one
day, Sutton says.

Says Sutton, "At times like this people stand up and say, 'That's
not right. We're going to help.' "

Contributing: Debbie Howlett



ORGANIZATIONS COLLECTING DONATIONS

More than $ 5 million has been donated to rebuild churches that
arsonists burned. Most money is directed to the 67 Southern black
churches burned since Jan. 1, 1995. Among the groups collecting
money or coordinating volunteers:

-- The Burned Churches Fund, National Council of Churches, 475
Riverside Drive, Room 850, New York, N.Y. 10015. Credit card contributions
may be made by calling 1-800-762-0968. Churches burned because
of racism will be given first priority. Money also will be used
for anti-racism programs.

-- Save the Churches Fund, c/o the Christian Coalition, P.O.
Box 1990, Chesapeake, Va. 23327. 1-800-226-5526. All churches
burned by arson will share the money raised. The coalition hopes
to raise $ 1 million.

-- World Relief Partnership Fund to Rebuild the Churches, National
Black Evangelical Association and National Association of Evangelicals.
Make checks payable to World Relief -- Rebuild the Churches, Dept.
8, P.O. Box WRC, Wheaton, Ill. 60189. 1-800-535-LIFE. A meeting
will be held today to decide criteria for receiving aid.

-- CNBC Church Rebuilding Fund, Congress of National Black Churches,
1225 I St. N.W., Washington D.C. 20005. 1-202-371-1091.

-- Promise Keepers Church Response Fund, P.O. Box 103001 Denver,
Colo. 80250-3001. Priority is working with local and state Promise
Keeper task forces in communities where racism is a factor.

-- ADL-Rebuild the Churches Fund, Anti-Defamation League, 823
United Nations Plaza, New York, N.Y. 10017. ADL is also collecting
letters of support for burned churches.

-- CRWRC Burned Church Fund, Christian Reformed World Relief
Committee, 2850 Kalamazoo Ave. SE, Grand Rapids, Mich. 49560.
1-800-552-7972. The Christian Reformed Church in North America
will send the money where it's most needed.

-- Arson Fund, Southern Baptist Convention Executive Committee,
901 Commerce Street, Nashville, Tenn. 37203. Mark checks "Arson
Fund." Money will go to black churches unless donor specifies
money can go to any burned church. To volunteer for construction
crews, call the Southern Baptist Convention's Brotherhood Commission
at 1-800-280-1891.

-- Alabama SCLC Burned Church Fund, P.O. Box 385, Eutaw, Ala.
35462. The Southern Christian Leadership Conference, a civil rights
group, will use donations to help rebuild six burned African-American
churches in Alabama.

-- Habitat for Humanity is working with National Council of Churches
to coordinate volunteers. 1-800-HABITAT.

-- The National Conference (of Christians and Jews), 71 Fifth
Ave., Suite 1100, New York, N.Y. 10003. Mark check for rebuilding
churches/community. Donors can designate money for rebuilding
and for efforts to promote community dialogue on race.


LOAD-DATE: July 02, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Neil Brake, The Tuscaloosa News; Lending a helping hand:
Jason Regier, a Mennonite from Moundridge, Kan., helps rebuild the Mount Zoar
Baptist Church in Boligee, Ala. It burned Jan. 11.

                      Copyright 1996 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              301 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       APRIL 29, 1999 Thursday SF EDITION

CHARITY RAISED $203,000 FOR ABU-JAMAL CAUSE / BLACK UNITED FUND SAID IT GATHERED
THAT IN 8 MONTHS. / IT COULD FACE PENALTIES OVER ITS TAX-EXEMPT STATUS.

BYLINE: Monica Yant, Craig R. McCoy, and Larry Fish, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1143 words


Five days after refusing to state how much money it has collected on behalf of
death-row inmate Mumia Abu-Jamal, a charity yesterday disclosed that it has
gathered more than $200,000 in tax-deductible contributions to his cause in the
last eight months.

Since 1991, the Black United Fund has served as a pipeline for contributions for
Abu-Jamal's campaign for a new trial, accepting checks from donors and
forwarding them to a group called International Concerned Family and Friends of
Mumia Abu-Jamal. Concerned Family is not a registered charity.

The arrangement has prompted criticism from the Fraternal Order of Police and
from the widow of Daniel Faulkner, the Philadelphia police officer Abu-Jamal was
convicted of murdering in 1982.

The Black United Fund released partial data on the flow of funds to
International Concerned Family during a news conference yesterday at which fund
officials defended their role as collectors of money earmarked for Abu-Jamal's
legal bills, rallies, literature and other costs associated with the effort to
free him.

Danielle Mitterrand, the widow of former French President Francois Mitterrand,
opened up the news conference by asking for Abu-Jamal to be spared the death
penalty.

Black United Fund signed an agreement with Abu-Jamal's supporters eight years
ago to bank money raised on his behalf. But Linda Waters Richardson, its chief
executive, and Pam Africa, leader of the Abu-Jamal support group, would not say
last week how much had been raised.

Yesterday, they reversed course. They did not release the total amount raised in
the last eight years, but, saying she had Africa's permission, Richardson said
the Black United Fund had received $203,000 for Africa's group in the last eight
months. Of that, $145,000 has been spent.

By next Wednesday, the Black United Fund will have released year-by-year totals
for money donated to Abu-Jamal's cause back to 1991 and the spending on the
campaign, Richardson said. She also said she would release the full contract
with Abu-Jamal's group.

Lawyers who are expert in nonprofit organizations and a senior IRS official have
said that such arrangements, in which a charity accepts tax-deductible
contributions for a group that is not tax-exempt, have the potential to run
afoul of federal tax law.

Yesterday's disclosure of the $203,000 in fund-raising prompted Maureen
Faulkner, the widow of the slain officer, to call for more detailed accounting
of the funds.

"That's a lot of money. What exactly have they spent this on? Who's keeping the
records, the receipts?" she said yesterday. Faulkner herself is working to raise
money on behalf of a nonprofit organization created to counter what she has
called misinformation about her husband's death. Faulkner's nonprofit, by
comparison, raised just $41,776 in 1998. The group raised an estimated $75,000
at a benefit dinner last week.

"This is an absolute disgrace," Faulkner said. Abu-Jamal "has a nice little
cottage industry running from his jail cell - and the sad thing is, it's on the
back of my dead husband."

Richard Costello, leader of the union for city police, was similarly critical.
"We said all along this was a well-financed, well-oiled propaganda effort," he
said."Now, we're getting an idea of just how well-financed it is."

An article in Sunday's Inquirer detailed the arrangement between the
International Concerned Family and the Black United Fund; the story also
reported that the Black United Fund had let its state charitable registration
lapse at the end of 1995.

Yesterday, Richardson, who has led the Black United Fund since it was founded in
1982, stated that her group is "in compliance and registered with the
Pennsylvania Bureau of Charitable Organizations."

Not so, Kevin Shivers, a spokesman for the state Bureau of Charitable
Organizations, said yesterday. The Black United Fund lost its state registration
at the end of 1995 because it failed to pay $175 in charges, he said.

On Tuesday, Black United Fund took steps to try to restore its charitable
registration with the state, according to Shivers. While holding firm to the
idea that the registration had not lapsed, Richardson said the group this week
had given officials in Harrisburg financial statements covering 1997 and 1998.
The 1997 statement was filed 11 months late, Black United Fund acknowledged.

By raising money without registration, the fund could face penalties, Shivers
said.

Moreover, Shivers added, the fund could face other penalties in connection with
other parts of state charities law.

A charity that signs a contract to collect money for another organization must
first receive state approval of that agreement, Shivers said. And, he said, the
organization that is the ultimate recipient of the money would also need to be
independently registered with the state.

Shivers said he did not know whether the Black United Fund had ever submitted a
contract for reviews. But since the Concerned Family organization has not met
its requirement - registration - any contract "obviously would not be approved."

Richardson said yesterday that she had never suggested to Africa's group that it
obtain official recognition as a charity but would now do so.

The Black United Fund, she said, had always recorded the Abu-Jamal money on
internal balance sheets and audits. She said Africa's group had to document, in
advance, requests to spend any of the money.

The Black United Fund charges organizations between 4 percent and 10 percent for
technical assistance such as collecting and distributing funds. At the lower
rate, it would have earned $8,000 on the $203,000 raised.

Richardson also defended her association with the Abu-Jamal group.

"The Black United Fund does not take a position on the merits of the [Abu-Jamal]
case," she said. "Many of the organizations [the Black United Fund works with]
are controversial, just like the Southern Christian Leadership Conference was in
its time, where people were killed for their beliefs in order to advance the
empowerment of the African American community."

In her remarks to the press, media, Mitterrand said her visit was primarily to
urge the United States to abolish the death penalty.

On Tuesday, she met with Abu-Jamal in Waynesburg, Pa., where he is in prison.

"It is not for me to say whether Mumia Abu-Jamal is innocent or guilty," she
said through a translator. "But what I will say in this case is that there are
so many doubts and flaws, and the death penalty is irreversible."

Yesterday, she took her case to Mayor Rendell in a 40-minute private meeting at
City Hall.

Rendell declined to comment after the meeting, but Mitterrand said she left the
meeting with a hunch that she hadn't had not swayed the mayor.

"I do not think I convinced him," she said.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Danielle Mitterrand, widow of former French President Francois Mitterrand, is
flanked by Pam Africa (left) and Ramona Africa during a news conference. (RON
TARVER, Inquirer Staff Photographer)

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                            November 3, 2014 Monday

A way out of the black hole of black money

LENGTH: 1088 words

DATELINE: India


India, Nov. 3 -- If the Union Government has the will, it can undertake a slew
of measures to bring back illicit funds stashed in tax havens abroad. For
example, it can nationalise black money

Thanks to the constant prodding of the Supreme Court, the Union Government
submitted a list of 627 Indians with foreign bank accounts on October 29. This
was to show that the Government was serious about recovering black money stashed
abroad. The Attorney General of India said that roughly half of the listed
individuals were Indian residents who could be prosecuted in this country. The
rest did not live in India and could not be prosecuted against under Indian tax
laws.

On October 28, the Supreme Court had asked the Government to submit the names of
those who have been parking black money in foreign bank accounts within 24
hours. The Court had said: "Don't give us two or three names but all the names.
Give us the entire list. whatever you have got from Germany, France, Switzerland
and other countries. What you have disclosed could be a tip of the iceberg. This
is going to be the first step - now, disclose everything. We can't leave the
issue completely to you. It may never happen during our time."

On October 29, the Supreme Court did not make public the list submitted to it in
a sealed cover by the Centre. The court left it to the Special Investigation
Team to carry out the necessary investigation and ensure that a proper probe is
done.

A Supreme Court bench, led by Chief Justice HL Dattu, also asked the SIT to
verify the list given by the Government and submit a status report by the end of
November. The bench will take up the matter on December 3.

The Government also did not press its application that sought restrictions over
the disclosure of the names, due to confidentiality clauses in international
treaties. It obtained a permission to raise all its arguments in this regard
before the SIT.

There are no official estimates of India's black economy. In 2011, the
Government had commissioned a joint study by three think-tanks - the National
Institute of Public Finance and Policy, National Institute of Financial
Management and National Council of Applied Economic Research - to estimate the
unaccounted wealth of Indian entities, at home and abroad. The final report is
yet to be submitted.

Between 2002 and 2011, India was reportedly the fifth largest exporter of
illicit money with a total of $343.04 billion. In 2011, it was placed third when
$84.93 billion was sent abroad.

According to a 2013 report titled Illicit Financial Flows from Developing
Countries: 2002-2011, produced by Global Financial Integrity, a Washington,
DC-based non-profit, research and advocacy organisation, Indians salted away
$462 billion in overseas tax havens between 1948 and 2008. According to the
Central Bureau of Investigation, Indians stashed away $500 billion in tax havens
across the world. In 2011, a BJP task force, however, pegged the amount much
higher at $1.4 trillion.

It is no surprise that the Government has been sitting on information it has
received from foreign countries in this regard. For instance, in 2009, Germany
handed over a list of Indian account-holders in LGT Bank, Liechtenstein, a
European principality. In 2011, France handed over a list of 782 Indian citizens
who supposedly hold HSBC accounts in Geneva.

On May 27, days after being sworn into office, the BJP-led NDA Government set up
a high-powered Special Investigative Team, headed by retired Supreme Court judge
MB Shah, to look into the issue. On October 16, it told the apex court that
disclosing the names of those who have deposited money in banks abroad
jeopardises India's tax agreements with other nations who have provided the
information in the first place.

The moot question here is: What can be done to remedy the situation? The
Government has two laws which it is using to deal with black money - the
Prevention of Money Laundering Act, 2002, and the Foreign Exchange Management
Act, 1999. Most of the punitive action is taken in the monetary form. In a few
cases only have people been arrested.

A huge amount of black money that goes out of India through hawala operators is
re-routed into the country in the form of foreign direct investment. This was
reported in a White Paper on black money, published in 2012 by the Union
Ministry of Finance. As per data released by the Department of Industrial Policy
and Promotion, between April 2000 and March 2011, FDI from Mauritius was 41.80
per cent of the entire FDI received by India, whereas Singapore contributed
about 9.17 per cent.

This situation can be fixed and the SIT has made some good recommendations. The
Government can start making changes by implementing the MC Josh Committee
report, which advocated rigorous imprisonment for those convicted under the
Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988. This will deter black money holders. The
Government should also set up a National Tax Tribunal and report bulky global
financial transactions to the law enforcement agencies, much like it is done in
America under the USA Patriot Act.

Date bound Amnesty schemes, backed by the provision of incarceration, seizure of
property, cancellation of foreign passports and black-listing of business should
be considered. Another option is to pass a domestic law like the Foreign Account
Tax Compliance Act introduced by the US. Indian citizens living outside India
should report their foreign bank accounts to the Indian Revenue Service, and
foreign financial institutions should be required to report to Indian
authorities about their Indian clients.

Another major recommendation of the SIT is to amend the money laundering Act so
that the Enforcement Directorate can attach properties of defaulters who do not
bring back black money. These are some effective suggestions, worth
consideration

For repatriation of black money stashed in foreign banks, the Union Government
can also consider promulgating an ordinance to nationalise black money held by
Indian citizens in tax havens abroad and bring the money back into the Indian
financial system. The proposed ordinance will be in consonance with the Swiss
Federal Act on the Restitution of Assets illicitly obtained by Politically
Exposed Persons. Most importantly, the Government should have the will to deal
with the menace of black money stashed abroad.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2014 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           December 24, 1991, Tuesday

Miracle at Fisk: Historic college reverses troubles

BYLINE: By Darryl Fears STAFF WRITERhistory; colleges; blacks; finances;
conditions

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 829 words


Bouncing back: Eight years ago the utilities at the black college were turned
off and students begged for change on the streets to pay the light bills.

Nashville - Chomping on soft earth, a bulldozer recently dug a giant hole at
Fisk University. For nearly a decade, the financially strapped black college has
withstood suggestions that it was digging its own grave.

But Fisk President Henry Ponder is using this hole to plant a seed instead - a
ton of poured concrete that will form the foundation of Fisk's first major
construction project in 18 years.

A name is still being sought for the new building, which will house the W.E.B.
DuBois honors program. Funded by a $ 200,000 grant from the Troy, Mich.-based
Kresge Foundation, it could safely be called Lazarus, a symbol for a college
having risen from the dead.

Eight years ago, Fisk's utilities were turned off because the school couldn't
pay the bill. Students begged for change on the streets to get the lights back
on.

This is what it had come to for one of the nation's best known predominantly
black universities, alma mater to poet Nikki Giovanni and historian John Hope
Franklin. Sitting in the shadow of the successful Vanderbilt University, Fisk
faculty, alumni and students were embarrassed. Enrollment fell to 400.; Ponder
led crusade for funds

"It was all the things you've heard about," Dr. Ponder said. "Low morale, low
enrollment, the heat being shut off and all the buildings needed renovation."

The Board of Regents named a search committee to replace Walter Leonard as
president with someone who could preserve the university's storied history. They
chose Dr. Ponder, then president of Benedict College in Columbia, S.C.

Founded in 1866, Fisk is one of the nation's first predominantly black colleges.
It was the first black college granted a Phi Beta Kappa charter, in 1953.

Howard University in Washington, D.C., which calls itself the capstone of black
college education, received the same charter a week later. Morehouse University
in Atlanta waited another 16 years.

When Dr. Ponder arrived in 1984, he led Fisk on a crusade to raise $ 25 million.
Having worked at Chase Manhattan Bank, the U.S. Treasury Department and the
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, he knew how to raise money. Waxing eloquent
about Fisk tradition, he pursued grants from corporations, foundations and the
government.

He looked for donations everywhere. Michigan elementary school children raised
money as well as students from Howard. Actor Bill Cosby contributed $ 1.3
million to Fisk in 1986.

The U.S. Department of the Interior gave Fisk $ 10 million for historic
restorations. By 1989, Fisk had raised $ 27.5 million.

Noting that alumni and black students nationwide pitched in to help the recovery
effort, Oswald Bronson, chairman of the National Association for Equal
Opportunity in Higher Education and president of Bethune- Cookman College in
Daytona Beach, Fla., calls Fisk's turnaround "a testament to the significance of
black colleges in general."; Enrollment doubled in 8 years

Fisk is now forging ahead, renovating its historic Little Theater and the Harris
Music building. In 1989-90, enrollment climbed to 912 before leveling off to 875
this year.

Students, teachers and administrators have rallied around the rebirth. Student
Government Association President Robin Harris contributed this year's school
theme: "Fisk in Renaissance, the Awakening."

Money Magazine named Fisk the 19th-best college for the money, just one spot
behind Spelman College in Atlanta and far ahead of Howard and Morehouse.

"One of the things that saved us is that we did not lower our academic
standards," said Harrison DeShields Jr., director of admissions and records.
"The public realized we were turning out quality students."

But Fisk still could lose some students.

Sophomore Rodrick Harrison of Houston, whose grandparents attended Fisk, said
the historic buildings look nice again, but the dormitory he lives in "leaves a
lot to be desired."

"I'm not putting the university down, but it's just not what you're used to,"
said Mr. Harrison, who lives in New Livingstone Hall, the sole male dormitory.
"I don't want to pay $ 8,000 a year to have heat that comes on only when it
starts to freeze."

Sophomore Sheila Ledbetter of Charlotte agreed. "Having an honors center is all
well and good," she said, "but they should worry about our living standards
first and think about that later."

Dr. Ponder said such improvements will come "one step at a time."

Jarma Chisholm, a sophomore from Charlotte, said she knew Fisk had money
problems before she applied, but a few rickety buildings didn't deter her.

"I decided to come to Fisk because of the heritage here," she said. "When I
talked to the alumni, they had a certain pride. They had a sense of black pride
and spirit. I love it here now. You can love a place and still improve it."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo: Students walk past Memorial Chapel, one of the buildings being
renovated on the Fisk University campus in Nashville. / The Associated Press /

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              304 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 13, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

Gaines: Black Colleges Get 'Crumbs' From Money Pie

Mark Asher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE F2

LENGTH: 419 words


Clarence "Big House" Gaines has seen the rise and fall of athletics at
historically black colleges and universities through a career in which he has
won 815 basketball games at Winston-Salem State. Yesterday, he told a House
subcommittee those schools now receive "little more than the shells and crumbs"
from the big money in college sports today.

Gaines, Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference Commissioner Ken Free and Florida A&M
President Fred Humphries painted a picture for the subcommittee on commerce,
consumer protection and competitiveness. They said that since a 1984 Supreme
Court decision stripped the NCAA of its monopoly on television football rights,
the historically black colleges and universities have received neither money nor
network exposure for their Division I-AA programs.

As a result, the witnesses testified, today's top athletes perceive those
programs as second class, even though the programs graduate their athletes at a
higher rate than most of the big-time schools.

Gaines noted that of the 200 top-flight basketball players at a recent Nike
camp, none went to a historically black institution. It wasn't like that in the
1970s, Humphries said, and gave the example of Tennessee State producing two
first-round NFL draft picks in 1974, including the No. 1 overall pick, Ed "Too
Tall" Jones.

Humphries asked committee chairwoman Cardiss Collins (D-Ill.) to help black
colleges receive the congressionally mandated $ 5 million share of the U.S.
Army's $ 100 million budget for television advertising.

And, in response to questioning by Rep. Tom McMillen (D-Md.), who has proposed
an omnibus college sports reform bill that would distribute the NCAA's $ 1
billion basketball tournament revenues in a more egalitarian manner, Humphries
said he did not believe the NCAA could bring about reforms in this area because
the big programs control the distribution of the revenues.

Dave Cawood, the NCAA's assistant executive director for communications, who
attended the hearing, said the MEAC and the Southwestern Athletic Conference
receive the most funds -- a total of $ 340,000 -- out of the $ 3 million set
aside for needy athletes in the new NCAA distribution plan for basketball
tournament revenues.

But these conferences receive far less than the big-time schools for broad-based
programs and scholarships. "It's a Catch-22. . . . That's one of the down sides
of the Supreme Court decision," Cawood said, noting that some I-A schools also
receive less money and exposure.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              305 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     April 6, 1991, Saturday, City Edition

Regents' letter rebuts criticism of chancellor

BYLINE: JAMES HARPER

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 290 words



Charles Reed's bosses rallied to his defense Friday, saying he did the right
thing in trying to protect the state university system's budget from last-minute
changes.

    Reed, chancellor of the state university system, was criticized on the floor
of the state House of Representatives on Thursday for rebuffing a black
legislator's request to shift some money from the predominantly white University
of Florida to historically black Florida A University (FAMU).

    Deriding Reed for his "plantation mentality," black legislators sent Gov.
Lawton Chiles a letter asking for Reed's resignation.

    But the executive board of the state Board of Regents, which governs all
nine Florida universities, voted unanimously Friday to send Chiles a letter of
their own.

 "I think the chancellor was doing the job we hired him to do," said regents
chairman Charles Edwards of
 Fort Myers. "He was defending the integrity of our budget process."

    The regents' discussion took place during a telephone conference call, which
they have every Friday during the legislative session.

    Regent DuBose Ausley of Tallahassee said he had spoken by phone with FAMU
president Frederick Humphries, who was traveling in Arizona. Humphries said that
FAMU had not sought the money the legislators were trying to shift and that it
had not been on FAMU's list of priorities, Ausley said. Humphries was on his way
home later Friday and could not be reached for comment.

    Reed said he didn't treat the black legislators any differently than anyone
else. He also asked some white legislators to withdraw their request to shift
some statewide library money to the University of Florida, he said.


LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Charles Reed

                            Times Publishing Company


                              306 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             May 23, 2007 Wednesday

Jury hears Blacks rants against investors

BYLINE: Andrew Clark, New York

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 515 words


Conrad Black threatened to "blow the asses off" discontented investors who
complained of boardroom extravagance during a rancorous annual meeting when his
grip began to weaken over his Hollinger media empire, a Chicago court heard
yesterday.

Jurors at Lord Black's racketeering trial heard of the former Telegraph owner's
blank dismissal of concerns raised by institutional shareholders who queried
payments of $60m (£30.5m) to senior executives in 2002.

In a series of memos to colleagues, Lord Black, 62, bemoaned that an "epidemic
of shareholder idiocy" was occupying his time, adding: "Much as I would just
like to blow their asses off, I don't want a sour atmosphere at the
shareholders' meeting."

For the first time in the two-month trial, the jury heard the fallen press
baron's distinctive baritone as prosecutors played a tape of him fielding
hostile questions at the annual meeting. "You're not dealing with greed here and
you're not dealing with sneakiness," the peer told Omega Advisers' chief
executive Lee Cooperman in response to a question.

Following representations from the defence, the judge barred US government
lawyers from playing an extract in which New York money manager Edward Shufro
accused Lord Black of being a thief.

Hollinger's former head of investor relations, Paul Healy, is in the witness
stand at the trial in Chicago where Lord Black faces 17 counts of fraud, money
laundering, tax evasion and obstruction of justice.

Mr Healy testified that Lord Black failed to tell independent directors that
investors were raising concerns about the amount of money flowing to senior
executives.

Under questioning from prosecution lawyers, Mr Healy said he had tried to
intervene by getting word to non-executives, including the former Illinois
governor James Thompson, but that Lord Black became "very angry", accusing him
of overstepping his authority.

"He said that I had overstepped my bounds, that 'This is my company. I am the
controlling shareholder and I'll decide what the governor needs to know and
when'," said Mr Healy.

In an email shown to the jury, Lord Black compared himself to two Shakespearean
characters in a single sentence: "All that I said about this in the past four
years will come to pass, and the drama will change from King Lear to Julius
Caesar (minus the last act, one dares to hope)."

Mr Healy testified that at one meeting with prospective investors, Lord Black
was quizzed about the need for Hollinger to have a corporate jet. According to
Mr Healy, the investors chose not to buy shares after Lord Black flippantly
replied: "I can have a 747 if I want."

The jury also heard accusations that Lord Black used the pseudonym "enspector"
to post a message on the website Yahoo urging traders to buy Hollinger shares -
an alleged breach of regulations for company directors.

When Mr Healy urged against this course of action, Lord Black wrote a note
urging him: "Don't be so straitlaced."

Lord Black is charged with racketeering, fraud, money laundering and obstruction
of justice. If convicted, he faces up to 101 years in prison. The trial
continues.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 21, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

Kemp Campaign Gambles on Future Funds;
Running $ 200,000 in Red, '88 Drive Will Borrow Against Federal Matching Grants

BYLINE: Thomas B. Edsall, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A8

LENGTH: 756 words


The presidential campaign of Rep. Jack Kemp (R-N.Y.) is about to initiate a
high-risk financial strategy, borrowing money against the federal matching funds
it anticipates receiving next year in order to finance a drive that is now more
than $ 200,000 in the red.

Borrowing to finance a campaign that is costing roughly $ 250,000 a month is
premised on a complex gamble. That gamble assumes that Kemp will be able to
survive at least two defeats, and possibly three, in the early caucus and
primary states, but still emerge as the principal candidate of the Republican
Party's conservative wing.

John Buckley, Kemp's spokesman, argued that disclosure of the current debt
distorts the picture of an increasingly healthy campaign that, after a slow
start and a number of setbacks, has experienced some documentable gains.

These include poll findings showing Kemp breaking into double-digit figures for
the first time -- at 12 percent in NBC and Los Angeles Times surveys -- and the
decision in Minnesota to hold an early presidential caucus on Feb. 23, after the
New Hampshire primary and before the Super Tuesday contests in 19 states, mostly
in the South.

Officials in Minnesota, including those opposed to Kemp, acknowledge that he has
a chance of winning a plurality of the state's delegates.

Of the major announced Republican candidates, only Kemp is operating in the red.
Vice President Bush, according to aides, has salted away $ 3 million and expects
to have $ 5 million in the bank by the end of June. The campaign of Sen. Robert
J. Dole (R-Kan.) has a net balance of $ 300,000, along with a cushion of more
than $ 2 million from Dole's Senate reelection drive.

Charles Black, Kemp's campaign manager, contended that the deficit resulted from
Kemp's exceptionally intense use of direct mail rather than fund-raising events.

Direct mail, he argued, has high start-up costs, but in the long run pays off
because almost all money received will qualify for federal matching grants next
year, and because the mailings produce lists of supporters who can be contacted
for more cash later.

Another key Kemp supporter, speaking on background, contended that Black has
been forced to sharply cut the scope of the campaign because "the money is not
coming in" in amounts adequate to finance what had been a drive planned to cost
$ 7 million to $ 8 million in private money, combined with about $ 5 million in
federal matching grants.

This source argued that Kemp allowed himself to be scared into spending the huge
sum of $ 2.6 million to win reelection last year in an essentially safe
congressional district -- far more than any other House candidate. In the
process, money that could have been transferred to the presidential bid was
wasted, he said, leaving the campaign with a small but nagging $ 87,000 debt to
pay off.

Black acknowledged that "we did have a Cadillac budget, the 'A' budget, where
you plan out everything you'd like to do, raising $ 8 million and matching $ 5
million [with federal money]." That budget, he said, was abandoned "before the
ink was dry. Then you go back and do a minimum budget: what we really have to
do," calling for about $ 5 million in private money and $ 3 million in federal
matching money.

Both Black and Buckley argued that direct mail has been highly productive,
producing $ 1.8 million -- $ 1.2 million of which qualifies for federal matching
grants. Buckley sought to play down as hype a recent Kemp fund-raising telegram
that warned: "If we don't raise $ 212,900 in the next 17 days, our whole
campaign could be in serious trouble."

As the Kemp campaign begins to borrow money, campaign operatives outlined a
hypothetical campaign scenario that depends on Dole and televangelist Marion G.
(Pat) Robertson to beat Bush in the early battles before Kemp emerges as a
strong candidate.

This strategy requires Robertson to win Michigan, the first state to select
delegates, defeating a tough challenge from Bush. Of Michigan's 77 delegates,
the most Kemp expects to get is 15 to 20, according to Black, with Robertson
getting a majority or plurality.

In the next major contest, the Iowa caucuses, Black said Kemp will remain viable
if he finishes third. Other sources said the Kemp campaign is depending on Dole
to beat Bush in Iowa.

Despite claims of strength in New Hampshire, Black asserted that a third-place
finish would be acceptable as long as Kemp was within 4 or 5 points of the
victor. Other Kemp sources said he must win New Hampshire to remain competitve.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, KEMP CAMPAIGN'S DEFICIT IS ATTRIBUTED TO HEAVY START-UP COSTS
FOR DIRECT MAIL. JAMES K. W. ATHERTON

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              308 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 11, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Ministers Deny Taking Money From Republicans

BYLINE: By CHARLES STRUM,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 598 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Nov. 10


Black ministers across New Jersey expressed shock and anger today over the
assertions, later retracted, that they had accepted up to $500,000 from
Christine Todd Whitman's successful campaign for governor to remain politically
neutral before last week's election.

"Five hundred thousand dollars!" said the Rev. Raiford Wheeler of the Park
Avenue Christian Church in East Orange. "That's crumbs from Caesar's table. For
us to sell out for half a million dollars is really a joke."

In news conferences, interviews and prepared statements, the ministers
vehemently denied the assertions, made Tuesday by the Republican political
strategist Edward J. Rollins, that the campaign had bought their silence. They
said his remarks had done irreparable harm to the black church, a keystone of
black community tradition and pride.

The two-paragraph disavowal and apology, issued today by Mr. Rollins, failed to
mollify Dr. E.W. Verner, director of the Newark-North Jersey Committee of Black
Churchmen, or the 17 other ministers who organized a news conference at St.
James A.M.E. Church on Martin Luther King Boulevard here. The initial account
was a slur, they said.

'Under a Cloud'

"To charge that some of our churches and ministers have accepted money to
interrupt the process and hold down the vote does violence to much of what we
stand for and threatens the confidence that members of the black churches have
in their leaders," Dr. Verner said. "By not naming churches or individuals,
every church and every minister in the black community is under a cloud of
suspicion. This must be addressed."

Exactly what occurred during the campaign remains unclear, but the ministers'
angry denials today were consistent with Mr. Rollins's retraction of his initial
account.

The ministers at St. James said none had been approached with offers of cash in
return for their silence from the pulpit, though they declined to say whom they
had personally supported on Election Day.

In fact, they said, the policy of the Committee of Black Churchmen and of a
statewide organization of 1,200 ministers, the Black Ministers Council of New
Jersey, is not to endorse a candidate. Ministers, they said, urge church members
to vote, not whom to vote for.

No Word of Money

While they acknowledged that it was impossible to speak for all ministers
throughout the state, the clergymen assembled at St. James said they had heard
nothing to suggest that payments had been made. Most of them said they first
learned about the allegations from radio, newspapers or from dismayed members of
their congregations.

Mr. Florio received about 75 percent of the black vote on Nov. 2, down from
about 84 percent in 1989. Dr. Verner said he could not account for the fall off,
but said he was certain it had nothing to do with payments to stay away from the
polls.

A spokeswoman for the Rev. Dr. DeForest D. Soaries, who heads the 3,500 member
First Baptist Church of Lincoln Gardens, in Somerset, said the pastor had met
with Mrs. Whitman three weeks before the election and also talked with Mr.
Rollins. The issue of payments never came up, said the spokeswoman, Abenaa
Abboa-Offei.

She said that Mr. Soaries, who heads one of the largest churches in central New
Jersey, is in touch each month with ministers who have congregations of 2,000
members or more and that he talked to them today. None said they had been
approached by the Whitman campaign, she said. If the campaign had not offered
payments to such large congregations, Ms. Abboa-Offei said, which churches would
it have approached?


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Dr. E.W. Verner, left, director of the Newark-North Jersey
Committee of Black Churchmen, responded at a news conference yesterday to a
comment by Edward J. Rollins that Gov.-elect Christine Todd Whitman's campaign
gave payments to black churches to buy silence. "By not naming churches or
individuals, every church and every minister in the black community is under a
cloud of suspicion. This must be addressed," he said. He stood at St. James
A.M.E. Church in Newark with the Rev. Rahjon Green and the Rev. Aquilla Johnson,
right. (Angel Franco/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              309 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               May 26, 1999, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Investigation of agent looks at ex-Gators

BYLINE: JOANNE KORTH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 616 words



Police search for evidence that football players Jevon Kearse, Mike Peterson and
Johnny Rutledge were given money. The school says it expects no trouble from the
NCAA.

Former University of Florida football players Jevon Kearse, Mike Peterson and
Johnny Rutledge are at the center of the University Police Department's
investigation into the recruitment of clients by agent William "Tank" Black.

A search warrant was executed Friday at Black's offices in Columbia, S.C., with
police looking for evidence that Black provided inducements, including monthly
payments of $ 1,000 to each player, said William Cervone, chief assistant to the
state's attorney in Gainesville.

A UPD statement Tuesday said that during the search of Professional Management
Inc., owned and operated by Black, police obtained information that "strengthens
allegations" of Black's illegal recruitment of clients.

No charges have been turned over to the state's attorney, Cervone said.

Black's attorney, Leonard Mungo, denied a part of the UPD release that said
Black refused an interview with investigators during the search. Mungo said
Black talked with investigators and provided more documentation than the warrant
sought. "That demonstrates our feeling that we have nothing to hide," Mungo
said.

Black represented Kearse, Peterson and Rutledge, as well as former UF player
Reggie McGrew, in this year's NFL draft last month. All four fired Black soon
after the draft.

Black, whose clientele includes 39 NFL players, still represents four former
Gators: Tampa Bay wide receivers Reidel Anthony and Jacquez Green, New York
Giants wide receiver Ike Hilliard and Jacksonville running back Fred Taylor.

Last week the National Football League Players Association filed a disciplinary
complaint alleging Black provided improper cash payments in 1997 and 1998 and
acquired new cars in late 1998 for college players before their eligibility
expired. NFLPA officials have refused to provide specifics.

University of Florida officials have said they do not expect to have trouble
with the NCAA. They said they turned all information about agent activity on
campus over to the NCAA as soon as they learned about it.

"We are kept informed by the police as to their progress, but they do not reveal
sensitive investigative information, and we appreciate this as being necessary,"

 athletic director Jeremy Foley said in a statement Tuesday.

"When the investigation is concluded, we will then be in a position to make a
full report to the Southeastern Conference and the NCAA. As stated previously,
we have briefed both of these organizations throughout this entire process."

Breaking the state of Florida's athletic agent law can result in five years in
prison and a $ 5,000 fine. The Florida Department of Business and Professional
Regulation could revoke Black's license to practice in the state.

UF police began investigating on-campus agent activity in December after it
received information that players Tim Beauchamp and Dock Pollard were receiving
money from Louisiana agent Sean Alfortish.

Police issued a sworn complaint against Alfortish and charged two other men with
single counts of unlicensed agent activity. The two were Alfortish employee
Bufford Jordan of Kenner, La., accused of soliciting business on behalf of
Alfortish, and Michael McDonald, roommate of Beauchamp and Pollard, accused of
funneling money to the players.

Also, UF police uncovered evidence that Miami agent David Canter purchased a
block of hotel rooms in Miami for former UF player Tony George's family before
the 1999 Orange Bowl.

- Information from staff writer Lucy Morgan and Times wires was used in this
report.


LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Special to the Times - YALONDA M. JAMES/The State; Agent
William "Tank" Black.

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              310 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   SEPTEMBER 27, 1997 Saturday DCITY EDITION

SEC SAYS FIRM LOST PA. SCHOOLS MILLIONS / THE AGENCY SAYS AN INVESTMENT
COMPANY'S BAD DECISIONS COST DISTRICTS $71 MILLION. A COVER-UP ENSUED, IT SAYS.

BYLINE: Anthony R. Wood, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER, Inquirer staff writer Robert
Moran contributed to this article.

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 541 words


Pennsylvania school districts lost $71 million though the bad investments and
misappropriations of a Western Pennsylvania investment firm, the Securities and
Exchange Commission said yesterday.

The SEC also alleged that John G. Black, 53, of Tyrone, Blair County, and his
firm used $2 million of school districts' money for personal and business
expenses.

Acting on the SEC's request, a federal judge in Pittsburgh has frozen the assets
of Black and his Tyrone-based Devon Capital Management. Former governor and U.S.
Attorney General Dick Thornburgh was appointed trustee.

An SEC official said it was too early to determine the specific losses of each
of the 75 districts listed as investors.

Black could not be reached last night.

The only Philadelphia-area district on the list was Hatboro-Horsham in
Montgomery County.

Daren Miller, the school board president, said he was unaware of the SEC action,
but added that he was certain the district had not lost money through the fund.

The investigation stemmed from a routine SEC examination, said Merri Jo
Gillette, assistant director of the Philadelphia SEC office.

The SEC said that Devon manages $345 million in assets and that most of its
clients are school districts. On behalf of 75 of those districts, Devon invested
$233 million in so-called Collateralized Investment Agreements, or CIAs.

In its promotional material, it said the investments were fully protected, as
required by state law, and promised a fixed rate of return. The districts,
however, ended up losing $71 million, the SEC said.

Gillette said that the bulk of the losses evidently resulted from "poor
investment decisions."

The SEC also accused Black of trying to cover up the losses by overstating the
value of the assets held as collateral.

The SEC alleged that the value of the securities held in the collateral account
was as much as 45 percent lower than Black said they were worth.

The agency said Black hid the losses by sending out monthly statements saying
that clients' investments were fully collateralized.

In addition, it said, when Devon signed new clients, it did not disclose that
their investments would be "immediately diluted by 30 to 45 percent."

In effect, Gillette said, investors "were sharing in the loss."

The SEC also accused Black of misappropriating client money. It said Black used
some of that money to pay $400,000 to a former partner as part of a settlement
of a suit filed against Devon. It said he also used $600,000 to set up an escrow
account to pay a former partner about $120,000 a year for five years.

Gillette said the SEC had not yet determined how the losses were distributed
among the school districts.

"The funds that were coming in from the school districts were being pooled
together," she said.

She said the $71 million in missing collateral was discovered during an SEC
examination.

She said that because of the explosion in the numbers of financial advisers and
understaffing of the SEC, such reviews are conducted randomly, at intervals of
two to five years.

Gillette said that once the losses were discovered, "we tried to move fairly
quickly and at the same time not set off alarm bells."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              311 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 14, 1988, Monday, City Edition

USF attempting to improve record on minority recruiting

BYLINE: WENDY WEYEN

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - New minority scholarships and a more accessible branch    recruiting
office are among recent signs that the University of South    Florida is inching
its way toward higher black student enrollment,      university officials say.

     Several large gifts have tripled the size of the private endowment    for
scholarships for black students at USF. This fall, those grants    will yield an
additional $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 for minority student    scholarships, said
Joseph Busta, executive director of the USF    Foundation, a private
fund-raising organization.

     "We put a priority on trying to increase minority scholarship    funding
from private sources," Busta said. "This is the result of our    first major
effort. We hope it's not our last."

     To improve the university's relationship with Tampa's black    community,
USF has opened an office in the Tampa Urban League building    on Nebraska
Avenue near Cass Street. Prospective students can save    themselves a trip to
north Tampa and use the office to pick up    applications, financial aid packets
and other information, said Wilma    Smith, an equal opportunity specialist at
USF.

     These two efforts are among many under way at USF to combat the
university's poor record in recruiting and retaining black students. At    USF
and other state universities, higher black student enrollment tops    lists of
administrative priorities.

     Last fall, only 3.5 percent of USF's enrollment was black, the    lowest in
the state university system. The state's predominantly white    universities
average a black enrollment of 5.5 percent, the figures    show.

     By increasing money available for minority scholarships, the USF
Foundation hopes to help the university boost its minority enrollment.

 Within five years, Busta said he hopes to raise $ 3-million for    endowments
for minority scholarships.

        Since last fall, the foundation has received more than $ 400,000
toward that goal. The new scholarship money includes:        $ 263,000 from the
Seide Student Endowment, for black students in    the university honors program
and in the College of Fine Arts. Interest    from the endowment will fund
scholarships beginning this fall.

     $ 100,000 from an anonymous donor, matched by $ 50,000 from the    state,
half for scholarships to the Sarasota campus for any student and    half for
minority scholarships systemwide. This money, too, will pay    off in
scholarships this fall.

     $ 30,000 in an annual gift from the Florida Endowment Fund, formerly    the
McKnight Foundation, to support the work of black faculty and    doctoral
students.

     $ 18,000 from the Jack and Katie Brown Endowed Scholarship Program    for
minority students. The money was raised at a testimonial dinner    last
November.

     $ 53,000 in scholarship grants and endowments from several sources    for
minority students, including $ 15,000 from the Good Gulfstream    Foundation.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              312 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      March 11, 1988, Friday, City Edition

USF attempting to improve record on minority recruiting

BYLINE: WENDY WEYEN

SECTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 601 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - New minority scholarships and a more accessible branch    recruiting
office are among recent signs that the University of South    Florida is inching
its way toward higher black student enrollment,      university officials say.

     Several large gifts have tripled the size of the private endowment    for
scholarships for black students at USF. This fall, those grants    will yield an
additional $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 for minority student    scholarships, said
Joseph Busta, executive director of the USF    Foundation, a private
fund-raising organization.

     "We put a priority on trying to increase minority scholarship    funding
from private sources," Busta said. "This is the result of our    first major
effort. We hope it's not our last."

     To improve the university's relationship with Tampa's black    community,
USF has opened an office in the Tampa Urban League building    on Nebraska
Avenue near Cass Street. Prospective students can save    themselves a trip to
north Tampa and use the office to pick up    applications, financial-aid packets
and other information, said Wilma    Smith, an equal opportunity specialist at
USF.

     These two efforts are among many under way at USF to combat the
university's poor record in recruiting and retaining black students. At    USF
and other state universities, higher black student enrollment tops    lists of
administrative priorities.

     Last fall, only 3.5 percent of USF's enrollment was black, the    lowest in
the state university system. The state's predominantly white    universities
average a black enrollment of 5.5 percent, the figures    show.

     By increasing money available for minority scholarships, the USF
Foundation hopes to help the university boost its minority enrollment.

 Within five years, Busta said he hopes to raise $ 3-million for    endowments
for minority scholarships.

        Since last fall, the foundation has received more than $ 400,000
toward that goal. The new scholarship money includes:        $ 263,000 from the
Seide Student Endowment, for black students in    the university honors program
and in the College of Fine Arts. Interest    from the endowment will fund
scholarships beginning this fall.

     $ 100,000 from an anonymous donor, matched by $ 50,000 from the    state,
half for scholarships to the Sarasota campus for any student and    half for
minority scholarships systemwide. This money, too, will pay    off in
scholarships this fall.

     $ 30,000 in an annual gift from the Florida Endowment Fund, formerly    the
McKnight Foundation, to support the work of black faculty and    doctoral
students.

     $ 18,000 from the Jack and Katie Brown Endowed Scholarship Program    for
minority students. The money was raised at a testimonial dinner    last
November.

     $ 53,000 in scholarship grants and endowments from several sources    for
minority students, including $ 15,000 from the Good Gulfstream    Foundation.

     The satellite recruiting office near downtown Tampa opened in late
January. The office is open only two hours a day, three days a week,    and
traffic is light so far. But Smith said word is beginning to    spread, and
special programs planned for the office should generate    more activity.

     "We think it (the office) can make a difference," Smith said.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT

                            Times Publishing Company


                              313 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 10, 1988, Thursday, City Edition

USF attempts to improve record on recruiting minority students

BYLINE: WENDY WEYEN

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 535 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - New minority scholarships and a more accessible branch    recruiting
office are among recent signs that the University of South    Florida is inching
its way toward higher black student enrollment,      university officials say.

     Several large gifts have tripled the size of the private endowment    for
scholarships for black students at USF. This fall, those grants    will yield an
additional $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 for minority student    scholarships, said
Joseph Busta, executive director of the USF    Foundation, a private
fund-raising organization.

     "We put a priority on trying to increase minority scholarship    funding
from private sources," Busta said. "This is the result of our    first major
effort. We hope it's not our last."

     To improve the university's relationship with Tampa's black    community,
USF has opened an office in the Tampa Urban League building,    on Nebraska
Avenue near Cass Street. Prospective students can save    themselves a trip to
north Tampa and use the office to pick up    applications, financial-aid packets
and other information, said Wilma    Smith, an equal opportunity specialist at
USF.

     These two efforts are among many under way at USF to combat the
university's poor record in recruiting and retaining black students. At    USF
and other state universities, higher black student enrollment tops    lists of
administrative priorities.

     Last fall, only 3.5 percent of USF's enrollment was black, the    lowest in
the state university system. The state's predominantly white    universities
average a black enrollment of 5.5 percent, the figures    show.

     By increasing money available for minority scholarships, the USF
Foundation hopes to help the university boost its minority enrollment.

 Within five years, Busta said he hopes to raise $ 3-million for    endowments
for minority scholarships.

        Since last fall, the foundation has received more than $ 400,000
toward that goal. The new scholarship money includes:        $ 263,000 from the
Seide Student Endowment, for black students in    the university honors program
and in the College of Fine Arts. Interest    from the endowment will fund
scholarships beginning this fall.

     $ 100,000 from an anonymous donor, matched by $ 50,000 from the    state,
half for scholarships to the Sarasota campus for any student and    half for
minority scholarships systemwide. This money, too, will pay    off in
scholarships this fall.

     $ 30,000 in an annual gift from the Florida Endowment Fund, formerly    the
McKnight Foundation, to support the work of black faculty and    doctoral
students.

     $ 18,000 from the Jack and Katie Brown Endowed Scholarship Program    for
minority students. The money was raised at a testimonial dinner    last
November.

     $ 53,000 in scholarship grants and endowments from several sources    for
minority students, including $ 15,000 from the Good Gulfstream    Foundation.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT

                            Times Publishing Company


                              314 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 5, 1988, Saturday, City Edition

USF increases scholarships for minorities

BYLINE: WENDY WEYEN

SECTION: TAMPA; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 605 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - New minority scholarships and a more accessible branch    recruiting
office are among recent signs that the University of South    Florida is inching
its way toward higher black student enrollment,      university officials say.

     Several large gifts have tripled the size of the private endowment    for
scholarships for black students at USF. This fall, those grants    will yield an
additional $ 40,000 to $ 50,000 for minority student    scholarships, said
Joseph Busta, executive director of the USF    Foundation, a private
fund-raising organization.

     "We put a priority on trying to increase minority scholarship    funding
from private sources," Busta said. "This is the result of our    first major
effort. We hope it's not our last."

     To improve the university's relationship with Tampa's black    community,
USF has opened an office in the Tampa Urban League building,    on Nebraska
Avenue near Cass Street. Prospective students can save    themselves a trip to
north Tampa and use the office to pick up    applications, financial-aid packets
and other information, said Wilma    Smith, an equal opportunity specialist at
USF.

     These two efforts are among many under way at USF to combat the
university's poor record in recruiting and retaining black students. At    USF
and other state universities, higher black student enrollment tops    lists of
administrative priorities.

     Last fall, only 3.5 percent of USF's enrollment was black, the    lowest in
the state university system. The state's predominantly white    universities
average a black enrollment of 5.5 percent, the figures    show.

     By increasing money available for minority scholarships, the USF
Foundation hopes to help the university boost its minority enrollment.

 Within five years, Busta said he hopes to raise $ 3-million for    endowments
for minority scholarships.

        Since last fall, the foundation has received more than $ 400,000
toward that goal. The new scholarship money includes:         - $ 263,000 from
the Seide Student Endowment, for black students in    the university honors
program and in the College of Fine Arts. Interest    from the endowment will
fund scholarships beginning this fall.

      - $ 100,000 from an anonymous donor, matched by $ 50,000 from the
state, half for scholarships to the Sarasota campus for any student and    half
for minority scholarships systemwide. This money, too, will pay    off in
scholarships this fall.

      - $ 30,000 in an annual gift from the Florida Endowment Fund,    formerly
the McKnight Foundation, to support the work of black faculty    and doctoral
students.

      - $ 18,000 from the Jack and Katie Brown Endowed Scholarship    Program
for minority students. The money was raised at a testimonial    dinner last
November.

      - $ 53,000 in scholarship grants and endowments from several    sources
for minority students, including $ 15,000 from the Good    Gulfstream
Foundation.

     The satellite recruiting office near downtown Tampa opened in late
January. The office is open only two hours a day, three days a week,    and
traffic is light so far. But Smith said word is beginning to    spread, and
special programs planned for the office should generate    more activity.

     "We think it (the office) can make a difference," Smith said.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA

                            Times Publishing Company


                              315 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                        May 10, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Plans of Government to render black money and fake notes circulating in the
market ineffective

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 609  words


NEW DELHI, MAY 10, 2016: THE Government has not issued any guidelines regarding
minimising daily financial transactions in cash to curb money laundering, black
money and so on. However, t he plans of Government to render black money and
fake notes circulating in the market ineffective are as under:-

* Appropriate action against evasion of taxes, including black money circulating
in the market, is an on-going process. Such action under the laws includes
searches, surveys, enquiries, assessment of income, levy of taxes, penalties,
etc. and filing of prosecution complaints in criminal courts, wherever
applicable.

Such taxes, penalties, etc. form part of the total tax liability of each
assessee and is enforced accordingly. The Government has taken several measures
to effectively deal with the issue of black money. Such measures include
policy-level initiatives, more effective enforcement action on the ground,
putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks, systems and
processes with due focus on capacity building and integration of information and
its mining through increasing use of information technology. Recent major
initiatives of the Government in this regard include - (i) Constitution of the
Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Black Money under Chairmanship and
Vice-Chairmanship of two former Judges of Hon'ble Supreme Court, (ii) Enactment
of a comprehensive new law - The Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and
Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015 which has come into force w.e.f.
01.07.2015 to specifically and more effectively deal with the issue of black
money stashed away abroad, (iii) Introduction of the Benami Transactions
(Prohibition) Amendment Bill, 2015 to amend the Benami Transactions
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 with a view to, inter alia, enable confiscation of
Benami property and provide for prosecution, (iv) While focusing upon
non-intrusive measures, due emphasis on enforcement measures in high impact
cases with a view to prosecute the offenders at the earliest for credible
deterrence against tax evasion/black money, (v) Proactively furthering global
efforts to combat tax evasion/black money, inter-alia, by joining the
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement in respect of Automatic Exchange of
Information and having information sharing arrangement with USA under its
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).

* Looking at the multi-dimensional aspects of the Fake Indian Currency Notes
(FICNs) menace, several stakeholders like the Ministry of Finance, Ministry of
Home Affairs, Reserve Bank of India, Security and Intelligence Agencies at the
Centre and States are making efforts to curb the illegal activities related to
FICNs.

* A special FICN Co-ordination (FCORD) Group has been formed in the Ministry of
home Affairs (MHA) to share intelligence/information amongst the different
Security Agencies of States/Centre to counter the menace of circulation of Fake
Currency Notes in the country.

* The Government has also constituted a Terror Funding & Fake Currency Cell
(TFFC) in National Investigation Agency (NIA) to investigate Terror Funding and
Fake Currency cases.

* The legal regime has been strengthened by amendments in the section 15 of the
Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act, 1967 (UAPA) (effective from 01.02.2013),
wherein the damage to the monetary stability of India by way of production or
smuggling or circulation of High Quality Fake Indian Paper currency, coin or any
other material has been declared as a "terrorist act".

This was stated by Mr Jayant Sinha, Minister of State in the Ministry of Finance
in written reply to a question in Rajya Sabha today.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        April 30, 1999 Friday 2D EDITION

Black Hawk's use of funds scrutinized

BYLINE: By George Lane, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 969 words


No laws have been broken, but elected officials in the gambling town of Black
Hawk have spent nearly a million dollars of historic-preservation money on their
own homes, according to the Colorado Bureau of Investigation.

The results of a CBI investigation were made public this week during a state
Senate committee hearing on SB 232, legislation that would change how
historic-restoration and -preservation money is awarded.

A slide show presented during the Senate Finance Committee meeting showed
"before" and "after" photographs of the homes of some of Black Hawk's elected
officials. Some of those homes were dramatically increased in size with the
historic-preservation dollars.

Specifically, the CBI found that five out of six aldermen and the mayor spent
more than $ 907,000 refurbishing their homes with the historic-preservation
money from 1994 to 1997.

Black Hawk City Manager Lynnett Hailey didn't attend the meeting at the state
Capitol Tuesday - nor did any other city government officials - and she said she
wasn't prepared to respond to the CBI's allegations.

"I really can't comment on it, because I've heard just bits and pieces," Hailey
said. "I'm not sure what Agent (Bob) Brown's allegations are. I do know he
didn't find any criminal activity.

"I guess my question is, if there is no criminal activity, why is he going
before the Legislature?"

At issue are gambling-tax dollars that are paid to the state by the casinos in
Black Hawk, Central City and Cripple Creek. A percentage of the tax is returned
to the towns for historic preservation and other projects.

The town of Black Hawk formed the Black Hawk Historic Architectural Review
Commission to determine how the money should be spent.

A spread sheet from the review commission that Hailey provided to The Denver
Post shows that from 1994 to March 31 of this year, more than $ 2.73 million of
this historic-preservation money was spent on Black Hawk homes.

Of that amount, $ 540,804 was spent on the homes of five Black Hawk aldermen and
the mayor, according to the spread sheet.

CBI officials declined Thursday to discuss the difference between the $ 907,000
figure given to the legislative committee and the $ 540,804 on the spread sheet
provided by the town.

"No criminal activity was found" is all CBI Director Carl Whiteside would say.
The amounts spent

Among the $ 2.73 million spent on 46 Black Hawk homes since 1994, $ 131,236 was
spent on the home of Alderman George Ambright at 111 Hillside; $ 89,462 on
Alderman Donald Doles' home at 111 Merchant St.; $ 115,276 on Evening Star LLC
at 110 Merchant St., which is owned by Alderman Dave Spellman; $ 120,386 on
Spellman's home at 100 Merchant St.; $ 35,342 on Alderman Tom Kerr's home at 401
Silver Creek; $ 24,956 on Alderman Al Price's home at 261 High St.; and $ 24,126
on Mayor Kathryn Eccker's home at 185 Clear Creek.

Alderman Hal Midcap did not receive a grant, according to town documents.

Black Hawk has standards for these awards, and each of the city officials met
those standards, Hailey said, as did everyone else who received money.

Larry Lorentzen, Central City's director of community development, said that
since 1994, Central City, a mile up the mountain from Black Hawk, has awarded
about $ 1.2 million in historic-preservation dollars to 128 residents. Up to $
15,000

Included in the list of 128 Central City residents were 13 of the 15 people who
have served on the city council during that period. The Central City grants to
elected officials totaled $ 102,489. The grants ranged from the $ 1,500 to fix
up the home of former council member Claude Paul to the $ 15,000 grants for the
homes of former council member Kim Cunningham and recently elected Alderman
Marvin Skagerberg.    The Central City list also includes a $ 4,080 grant for
the home of Mayor Don Mattivi, as well as grants of varying amounts for the
homes of former council members Betty Mahaffey, Brent Combs and Gary
Kragenbrink. The latter three council members were recalled last fall.

Kip Petersen, city manager of Cripple Creek, said his town's
historic-preservation program is only about 2 1/2 years old and has awarded only
about $ 400,000.

No elected officials have received any money, but two current members of city
council have filed grant applications, he said.

Sen. Norma Anderson, R-Lakewood, who sponsored the bill, proposed changes to add
controls and narrow uses of the preservation grant money.

"It's being spent any way they see fit," Anderson said.

Although much of the floor and committee debate on the bill didn't mention Black
Hawk specifically, Anderson acknowledged that "everybody says Black Hawk is
getting too much money."

Black Hawk has the largest casinos in the state and collects about 60 percent of
the gambling revenues. However, the small Gilpin County town has only about 150
residents.

Central City has more than 350 residents and a dwindling number of casinos.
Cripple Creek is the largest of the state's casino towns, with about 1,200
residents. Most of its casinos are on solid footing.

"There is a major problem up there," Sen. Ken Chlouber, R-Leadville, said of
Black Hawk. "There is a question that they're spending it illegally. Is it going
to historical preservation, or into someone's pocket?"

"There's a lot of money flowing into Black Hawk, where there aren't a lot of
buildings," said Ed Perlmutter, D-Wheat Ridge. The situation, he said, "lends
itself to corruption."

"There is no abuse going on," he said. "There's not that much to restore. You
can only restore the homes and garages so much."    The bill passed on second
reading before the Senate late Thursday. It now must be approved by the House
before any changes are made.

Denver Post staff writer Mike Soraghan contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Belfast Telegraph Online

                       July 8, 2015 Wednesday 4:59 PM GMT

US Muslims raise $30,000 to help repair black Christian churches destroyed by
fire;
Spate of blazes in the wake of the shooting of nine black churchgoers in
Charleston two weeks ago

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 500 words


When Faatimah Knight reached out to her Muslim friends and acquaintances to try
and help black churches that had been destroyed by fire, she had no idea how
much they could raise.

Today, they have managed to raise just under $30,000 - money that will be used
to help up to seven churches that were destroyed in the American south in the
aftermath of the Charleston shooting and the campaign against the Confederate
flag.

"We have been overwhelmed by how generous people have been," Ms Knight, 23, told
The Independent. "We will stop it today...We will figure out how to distribute
the money."

Ms Knight's campaign - carried out as Muslims around the world marked the
festival of Ramadan - followed a smaller, more modest enterprise she had set in
action in the days after the shooting dead of nine people at Charleston's
Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church on June 17. She and some friends
wanted to raise $500 to send flowers; they ended up raising $900.

And when she and the same friends read about the series of churches that were
burned down and the probe by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, they similarly
wanted to act.

A number of Muslim organisations have responded to her call Muslim Anti-Racism
Collaborative, the Arab American Association of New York and Ummah Wide - but
she said people of other faiths had also donated.

"It's Ramadan and we are experiencing firsthand the beauty and sanctity of our
mosques during this holy month," says a message posted on the launchgood.com
website.

Read more

Police investigate possible hate crime after arsonist sets fire to black church
in North Carolina

"ALL houses of worship are sanctuaries, a place where all should feel safe, a
place we can seek refuge when the world is too much to bear."

Ms Knight, a Masters student at the Chicago Theological Seminary, said of her
acquaintances some people had questioned the campaign and asked why she was
raising money for Christian houses of worship, as opposed to a Muslim cause. But
most were supportive.

She said Islam taught of the need to protect the weak and vulnerable. She said
while the black Christian communities of the South might not be weak, they were
vulnerable.

"I'm a black person and I do identify with the wider black community at that
level," she said. "Historically, the black community has been vulnerable."

She added: "Traditionally, when we have been on our best behaviour, we have
created space for other faiths, and let people worship as they see fit."

Further reading

Confederate flag: Man arrested after fight at South Carolina statehouse

Charleston church massacre recalls our own religious bigotry

Funeral for Charleston massacre clergyman Pinckney

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBBELT


           Copyright 2015 Independent News & Media (Northern Ireland)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             February 20, 2003 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

BLACK GROUP PLANS "ONE-STOP-SHOP" COLLEGE FAIR;
 STUDENTS CAN GET ADMITTED TO SCHOOLS, WIN SCHOLARSHIPS ON SPOT

BYLINE: Denise Hollinshed Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NORTH POST ; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 793 words


Ashley N. Duncan, 18, lives in the Jennings School District, one of the most
financially distressed school districts in the county, where 66 percent of the
students are eligible for Medicaid and 75 percent are eligible for free or
reduced-price lunches.

Ashley and many of her classmates lack money for college, but Thomas Ousley,
chairman of 100 Black Men of St. Louis and an educator for 24 years in the
Jennings district, hopes to change that.

His organization is heading the first African-American History Month College
Scholarship Fair, to be held from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday at the Adam's
Mark hotel.

He said that representatives of colleges would be there and that many would be
willing to offer scholarships on the spot.

"I've sent students to just about everywhere," Ousley said. He added that some
students might not leave with scholarships from their schools of choice but that
they would be admitted to colleges.

Literature for the event says that more than $10 million in scholarships will be
available.

Ousley said many students were prepared for college academically but not
financially.

"Ideally, what will happen is that a student will come through the door at 9:30
and by 11 o'clock, they will have been admitted to somebody's coll ege - and
hopefully a college where they will be successful," Ousley said.

For five years, the 100 Black Men Association has helped provide scholarships
for more than 200 students a year to go to college.

"We are going to bring everybody together to see if we can get all the paperwork
done in a timely fashion so we can get these children admitted to school on
time," he said. "This is a one-stop-shop fair."

Students should bring copies of their transcripts, ACT or SAT scores and two
letters of recommendation. Some of the scholarships will be for academics, while
others will be for sports, including football, tennis, basketball, track, golf,
baseball and softball. Others will be for singing, cheerleading and art.
Students seeking non-academic scholarships should also bring a video or audio
tape showing what they can do.

Graduate students and transfer students from community colleges may also attend
the event. The Missouri Higher Education Loan Association will be there to
assist with financial aid. Colleges will include Concordia, Harris-Stowe, St.
Louis University, Washington University, Southeast Missouri, Southwest Missouri,
the University of Missouri and Lincoln University.

Historically black colleges and universities will be there, including Alabama
State, Alcorn State, Dillard, Howard, Johnson C. Smith College, Langston
University, Xavier of Louisiana, Tennessee State and others. The Air Force also
will be represented.

Ashley Duncan hopes to be one of the students who will be admitted to a
university on that day. She has been on the honor roll for four years and wants
to attend either Xavier, Howard, Hampton or St. Louis University. She wants to
be a pediatrician. Her college choices cost at least $20,000 a year.

Her father is a carpenter, and her mother is a child-care specialist with the
Missouri Department of Health.

She said that if she didn't get the money to go to a college of her choice, she
would find another school, perhaps Southeast Missouri.

"I guess I have to go to the school that gives me the most money because I don't
have a lot of money to go," she said.

Ousley said many high school students would have a rude awakening when they
began to apply for college. Money is the last thing they think about.

"That's normally how things break down," he said. "We don't have a whole lot of
choices."

The fair was his idea. "We have students like those at Metro High School in St.
Louis, which the state of Missouri says is the best high school in the state,"
he said. "They've got the highest average ACT score in the state of Missouri,
but many of their students don't have the money to go with the schools that they
select. So they will write us a letter and say, 'I've been accepted; now I've
got to come up with $35,000.' They don't have $35,000, and their families don't
have the credit to borrow that kind of money for four years. We try and put them
places where they can go and graduate after four years."

John Bowman, a former state representative, is a member of the 100 Black Men
group who helps raise money for the organization.

"It has been said that through education, problems in our society can be
solved," he noted. "Throughout the country, we are being put on notice regarding
federal and state budget shortfalls and the threat to cut funding in higher
education. Affirmative-action programs are under attack, making the efforts of
the 100 Black Men St. Louis Chapter extremely important."

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: Reporter Denise Hollinshed:; E-mail: dhollinshed@post-dispatch.com;
Phone: 314-298-0832

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              319 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Sun (Yuma, Arizona)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 29, 2009 Wednesday

Suspects arrested in money scam

BYLINE: John Vaughn, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Apr. 29--Three people are in custody as suspects in a "black money scam" that
may have victimized Yuma-area residents over the past week, Yuma police said.

In the scheme also known as "wash wash," victims are approached with a business
proposal for them to purchase expensive chemical cleaning agents to clean a bag
or suitcase containing bundles of dollar-size black paper that are purportedly
stacks of $100 bills dyed black, Yuma police said.

The victim is promised a share of the money in return for buying the chemicals.

The top and bottom bills in each stack are typically genuine currency, leading
the victim to believe that what's in between is also real.

"What you're (actually) getting is black construction paper," police spokesman
Clint Norred said.

Arrested Tuesday night in the scam were Victor Paye, 23, of Minnesota; Eugene
Wento, 28, of Phoenix, and Armstrong Wento, 28, of Georgia. All three were born
in Liberia, an African nation where the scam has previously been put into play,
but all are either U.S. citizens or legal residents, police said.

They were arrested at the Springhill Suites, 1825 E. 18th St., on suspicion of
fraud after an investigation prompted by a call to police from a Yuma business
owner who said he was approached with the scam.

Norred said the scam was reported to police before the three had a chance to ask
the business owner for specific amount of money in a second phase of the scheme.

The three suspects had been in the Yuma area for about a week and approached two
and maybe more would-be victims, Norred said.

Anyone else approached by the suspects is asked to call police at 373-4700 or,
to remain anonymous, 78-CRIME.

Internet sources indicate the "black money scam" has been in practice for
several years, but Norred said this is the first case of it in Yuma that he is
aware of.

Norred said the arrest of the suspects was helped in large part by the business
owner's prompt reporting of the fraud to police.

Anyone who believes he or she has been targeted in a scam should follow the
business owner's example.

"Be sure to report it," Norred said. "Here we have the perfect example of
someone saying, 'I should call police.'"

To see more of The Sun or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.yumasun.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Sun, Yuma, Ariz. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090429-YZ-Suspects-arrested-in-money-scam-0429

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YZ


                             Copyright 2009 The Sun


                              320 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 15, 1989, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

EX-BLACK PANTHER LEADER GETS JAIL TERM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 227 words


OAKLAND, Calif. - Huey Newton, co-founder of the Black Panthers, pleaded no
contest Tuesday to a charge of misappropriating public money and was ordered to
serve six months in jail. Newton, 47, led the militant black rights group from
its founding in 1966 until he disbanded it in 1982. He was accused of
misappropriating about $15,000 in public money intended for a Panther-operated
public school in Oakland, said Deputy Attorney General Eugene Kaster.  (3*
edition continuation) Newton was already in jail for violating terms of his
parole on a gun possession conviction. He was charged originally with 21 counts
accusing him of taking up to $60,000 in school money for his own use. But all
but one of the charges were dismissed as part of a plea bargain.  Kaster said
the judge also had barred Newton from holding any public office in the future.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              321 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

LOSS OF LEADERS COULD RING IN NEW POLITICAL ERA

BYLINE: By Mike Wynn Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1170 words


As an up-and-coming politician in the 1980s, Moses Todd became aware early on of
the must-dos for a black candidate in Augusta to get elected - or re-elected -
to public office.

One of the most important dos was getting an invitation to appear on The Parade
of Quartets, a weekly Sunday gospel music show. At the time, the show's host was
Henry Howard, who continued on as executive producer of the long-running
television program until his death last week.

"If you're running for political office at the time that I was working for other
folks in the early '80s and you didn't go on The Parade of Quartets on Sundays,
forget about winning," said Mr. Todd, who was a Richmond County/Augusta
commissioner from 1992 to 1998. "When you go on The Parade of Quartets ... it
meant you had Henry's blessings if he interviewed you or gave you an opportunity
to say a few words or put your commercial on The Parade of Quartets. It was very
important to have his backing."

Mr. Howard was elected to the county commission in 1985 and five years later won
the state House seat he held until his passing. His death marks perhaps the end
of an era of power brokers who many black candidates sought out for political
blessings. Their backing, say political observers, often meant the difference
between winning and losing, between running unopposed or having challengers.

In the past two years, Augusta has lost some of its most powerful black
politicians. Augusta commissioner Lee Beard died in 2003. Henry Brigham, another
longtime commissioner, and former Augusta mayor Ed McIntyre both died last year.
Perhaps the biggest power broker of them all, former state Sen. Charles Walker,
was convicted in June on 127 counts of conspiracy and mail fraud, was stripped
of his District 22 seat and is now awaiting sentencing.

For nearly three decades, these politicos, through their various bases of power,
commanded the respect of many blacks who sought public office in Augusta.

"It's kind of like the old Richard Daley, the boss in Chicago, the machine that
he had," said Joe Greene, a business professor at Augusta State University and a
political analyst. "I think as those old political bosses and master players
move off the scene, it does signal a new day."

The influence they wielded, particularly Mr. Walker and Mr. McIntyre, was
significant, but at the same time different in their use of it.

"Sen. Walker and his machinery, certainly he would (run someone against you) if
he thought it was in the best interest of the Walker organization or the
community," said Mr. Todd, who had several political clashes with Mr. Walker.
"It was a little easier to beat the Walker machine than it was to beat the
former mayor's machinery. The McIntyre folks, they done it on principle. They
truly believed in what they were doing. There was not a lot of money involved as
far as those workers go.

"With the Walker machinery, ... in the early days of being state rep, he got the
political money to get out the vote money for Augusta from the state Democratic
Party or the national Democratic Party and he spread that money around a little
bit and that was part of his machinery, and it wasn't grounded in principle as
much as the McIntyre or Rep. Henry Howard machinery were."

Snubbing these power brokers could lead to a painful and expensive lesson on how
politics operated in Augusta.

"If you weren't playing ball, you would find yourself with some opposition in
your next race, which would cause you to spend and raise more money than you had
planned to, and work harder," said Frederick Benjamin, the owner of the local
alternative publication, The City Tribune Weekly, and former longtime editor of
The Augusta Focus, a weekly newspaper owned by Mr. Walker. "From state rep on
down, a lot of folks were placed on ballots with no hope of ever winning just to
be there to give somebody opposition so that 'so and so' would have to spend
more money. Every now and then, depending on the incumbent, depending on his
past behavior, he could be out of luck if the wrong person runs against him with
the proper support."

A recent example of this tactic was during the 2002 Democratic primary for the
12th Congressional District seat. The early favorite was Augusta attorney and
former state Rep. Ben Allen, but that changed after Mr. Walker's son, Champ,
entered the race. With the financial and political backing from the senator and
his father's machinery, the younger Walker easily won the primary before being
crushed in the general election by Republican Max Burns.

"Ben could have won that seat, if it had not been for the fact that, I don't
know what Ben did to Charles, he didn't kiss his ring or something, but Champ
was put into the race and of course, ultimately Max Burns won the thing," Mr.
Greene said.

These power brokers rose to prominence during the 1970s when the doors of
political power were just beginning to swing open for blacks in Augusta.
At-large voting systems during that time prevented blacks from getting equal
representation on the Augusta City Council and the county commission. Well-known
blacks, such as Mr. McIntyre and Mr. Howard, who were revered in the minority
community and respected by many in the white community, provided needed
leadership during that time, which would in turn help solidify their own
political bases.

"With those politicians in the lead and those people backing them unreservedly,
they fought and won some very important political battles," Mr. Benjamin said.
"That whole at-large voting apparatus was thrown out basically through the
struggles of people like Henry Howard, Charles Walker, George Brown, Henry
Brigham, Ed McIntyre and company."

Now that many of the old guard are no longer on the scene, Mr. Greene said he
expects to see a number of fresh faces emerge from the black community. He said
he believes many people, particularly young candidates, who might have wanted to
run for office didn't do so out of deference to these power brokers.

"If you were a young aspiring African-American, how would you be looked upon if
you would have challenged an Ed McIntyre? It would kind of been like turning
your back on the black community, so to speak," Mr. Greene said. "That was the
undertone of that era."

The newcomers that will likely surface in this new era could change the
direction of Augusta politics, which has often been tainted by racial division,
Mr. Greene said.

He points to the recent election of moderate Democrat Ed Tarver to replace Mr.
Walker for the Senate District 22 seat, along with mayoral candidates Helen
Blocker-Adams and Deke Copenhaver as examples of newcomers who preach a more
inclusive approach to governance.

"I think there is a growing - it's not a majority yet - but I think there's a
growing base of people who really are getting tired of the old politics of the
past," Mr. Greene said, "and really want to see somebody who could be a
consensus builder and try to pull the whole community along."

Reach Mike Wynn at (706) 823-3218

or mike.wynn@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              322 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     May 24, 1996, Friday, JOURNAL EDITION

COMMUNITY SUPPORT IS GONE;
Public school changes must start with the public

BYLINE: WILLIAM RASPBERRY

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 22A William Raspberry

LENGTH: 568 words


Washington a It's hard to know whether David Mathews has come up with a
penetrating insight or just another truism. There's no disputing the truth of
what he says in his new booklet: The trouble with public schools lies more with
the public than with the schools.

No, that's not true. There's lots of disputing that truth. Almost every critique
of public education disputes it, focusing on what the schools do, or fail to do.
The schools are dreadful because teachers are ill-trained or afraid to exert
discipline, or because the schools are cheerless, underfunded and unsafe.

Seldom does anyone say what Mathews, president of the Charles F. Kettering
Foundation, says with such conviction: The trouble with the public schools is
that they no longer have a "public" that considers them their schools.

It's almost impossible not to nod in agreement as you thumb through "Is There a
Public for Public Schools?" Of course the schools have lost their public support
a not just in money but in personal commitment. Of course public schools are
becoming the educational counterparts of public hospitals: supported by
taxpayers who will use them only as a last desperate resort. Of course educators
find it hard to improve schools that have lost the support of the communities
they serve.

Perhaps the clearest illustration of the loss of commitment Mathews talks about
is in the public schools of Washington, D.C. It has become routine (for blacks
especially) to blame the problems of big-city schools on white flight. It's not
that black children need white classmates, we insist, but the abandonment by
whites means the loss of public support a the loss of money a to do what needs
to be done.

The problem, we frequently insist, is racism. And sure enough, in most of
America, it is possible to point to poor-performing, mostly black schools
surrounded by higher-performing, better-funded white ones. If only "they" hadn't
left, with their money and their political clout, why inner-city schools would
be doing just fine.

But look at Washington. It's black people, not whites, who have the political
clout here. The school board and the city council are black- dominated;
virtually all the principalships and the overwhelming proportion of teachers are
black. And as for money, even during this city's time of fiscal trouble,
per-pupil expenditures aren't that far off the average.

So what's wrong? Are black students black students, at least) uneducable? Are
black teachers such self-haters that they refuse to teach black children? Are
the teachers poorly trained, or not smart enough in the first place?

Mathews, President Ford's secretary of Health Education and Welfare and a former
president of the University of Alabama, thinks that what is wrong is the
disengagement between the schools and their "public." In many cases, he says,
"there may be no public waiting to be engaged."

He's right a right as well when he says that "fundamental change has to start
with the public and within the community. . . . It is unlikely that schools will
change unless communities change."

But is that an important insight, or merely the interposition of another,
equally vexing question: How do you change a or build a community?

Maybe David Mathews will tell us in another book.

William Raspberry is syndicated by the Washington Post Writers Group. His column
appears occasionally.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              323 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 4, 2006 Saturday

BLACK'S IN RED TO SOTHEBY'S

BYLINE: HEIDI SINGER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 251 words


Sotheby's is suing disgraced media baron Conrad Black for stiffing them on their
commission for selling his $10.5 million Park Ave. apartment.

But the once-powerful newspaper mogul wasn't trying to be cheap, said his
lawyer. The cash for the commission was supposed to come from his fat check for
selling the digs - and the feds seized the money the minute it got into his
lawyers' hands.

"They walk out with their check and the FBI walked in and seized it," said
Black's lawyer, Edward Greenspan. "Mr. Black has never received one penny from
the sale of his apartment in New York City to this day."

Black, 62, the high-flying Canadian native who renounced his citizenship, moved
to England in 2001 and took the title Lord Black of Crossharbour, is under
indictment for stealing money from Hollinger International, his once-mighty
media holding company.

Last year, he was caught on camera taking boxes out of his company's head
office, and in December, prosecutors smacked him with new criminal charges for
racketeering, obstruction of justice and money laundering.

The feds say he bought the posh pad with proceeds from his illegal dealings, and
wasn't entitled to keep the cash.

A Sotheby's spokeswoman declined to comment.

Black sold the apartment, at 635 Park Ave. to Martin and Phyllis Berman in
October, according to the lawsuit. Sotheby's International Realty got a check
that day for 5.5 percent of the price, or $557,500. But the check was returned
with a "payment stopped" stamped across it.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 April 24, 2001 Tuesday PENINSULA/S.F. EDITION

BLACK AND WHITE BALL CANCELED FOR LACK OF FUNDS PALO ALTO ORGANIZERS TO REASSESS
MISSION

BYLINE: TRUONG PHUOC KHANH, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 712 words


Daunted by the cooling economy and reeling from a year in which they made no
money, organizers of Palo Alto's Black and White Ball have canceled the 15th
annual benefit party.

The Palo Alto Recreation Foundation, which has organized the annual shindig for
the past 14 years, is taking a pause this year to reassess its mission.

Last year's event, attended by 1,200 people, grossed $176,000. But none of the
money ended up going to recreational and cultural programs in the city -- the
ball's beneficiary. All of it went to cover expenses, said Ann Mottola, Palo
Alto's special events coordinator. The event, whose theme was "It's Magic!"
featured six bands, two illusionists and an androgynous creature in a tuxedo and
feather boa, dancing on stilts.

"We just want to make sure we raise more money next year," Mottola said.

Raising money this year was looking pretty daunting.

Witness last weekend's Silicon Valley Charity Ball, the region's largest annual
black-tie function. Ticket sales were down about 30 percent from 2000, and the
fundraiser was in danger of not making its $1.5 million commitment to non-profit
organizations until a last-minute gift saved the day.

"This year was off to a difficult start. The response we were getting was clear
that we would have a difficult time getting sponsorship," Mottola said. "It's
really hard to fundraise in these economic times."

The Palo Alto Recreation Foundation board members will meet Thursday to
strategize the future for the ball, which would have been held Oct. 27.

"It's time to sit down, take a year off and replan it," said Beth Trailer, a
foundation board member. "Who knows what this year holds, so let's use it as
planning time."

She added: "I don't think anyone will be devastated. They might, on the other
hand, look forward to the next one a little bit more."

In even-numbered years, Palo Alto's Black and White Ball costs $75 a person,
draws bigger crowds and is held on the University Avenue Loop, a public street
downtown, and at the Palo Alto Sheraton Hotel nearby. The odd-numbered-year
balls are sit-down affairs held at other locations that cost $150 a person.

Palo Alto's ball skirted disaster in 1999 when the formal affair was held the
same night as the Silicon Valley Charity Ball. Partygoers' loyalty was tested.
Some 3,250 people attended the San Jose Convention Center event and about 1,000
gathered for the Palo Alto ball at the SAP Labs campus.

Last year, to avoid a repeat, Palo Alto held its ball in September, when,
luckily, the forecast for rain didn't materialize.

Still, turnout was lower than regulars remembered from past balls. At its peak
in the early 1990s, the ball drew 3,000 revelers.

It is not clear if any programs will lose funding now that the ball has been
canceled, but one foundation board member said financial support for the city's
recreation department would continue, as the board still has funds.

Calling it a wonderful asset to the community over the years, Councilman Bern
Beecham said the event has increased in sophistication but also in cost to
produce.

"It has evolved into something more than what it began as," Beecham said, "and
to some degree, it has lost some of the community character."

Mayor Sandy Eakins agreed.

"It was very popular with a lot of people and it became an areawide draw,"
Eakins said. "Its regional attraction may have diminished its down-home feel."

The Sheraton Hotel in Palo Alto traditionally hosts the even-numbered-year
balls, donating money and opening its 12,000-square-foot facilities for the
whole day.

"With them canceling it this year, it will just make the ball that is held every
two years even more special," said Suzanne Murdoch, corporate director of sales
and marketing for Pacific Hotel Management, which owns the hotel.

Last year, Higashi West was among at least a dozen restaurants donating
appetizers to partygoers. Higashi made 3,000 to 4,000 pieces of sushi, said
Richard Kobayashi, Higashi's restaurant owner and chef.

"It's a shame," Kobayashi said Monday, learning of the ball's cancellation.
"Every day you pick up the paper and you read something about some company
eliminating jobs and psychologically, it's just bringing people down."

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BALL'S RECENT PROBLEMS
Palo Alto's Black and White Ball, which aims to raise money for the Palo Alto
Recreation Foundation, has seen a series of problems in recent years:
1995: The San Francisco Symphony, which has been holding a Black and White Ball
since 1956, tries to keep Palo Alto from using the name. The symphony eventually
agrees to license the name to Palo Alto for $1 a year, as long as the words "
Black and White Ball" are always preceded by "City of Palo Alto." The ball draws
more than 2,000 people and raises $80,000.
1997: Plans to stage the 11th annual event on the rooftop of Bloomingdale's are
canceled at the last minute after an engineering analysis of the roof. Event
moved to Stars restaurant. Smaller ball sells out with fewer than 1,000 guests
but raises only $50,000.
1998: Ball falls short of expectations, with only about 1,700 in attendance and
$65,000 raised. Organizers blame a gloomy weather forecast.
1999: The ball's traditional first Saturday in May date coincides with the
Silicon Valley Charity Ball. Socialites are in a quandary.
2000: The 14th black-tie party generates only enough money to cover expenses.
2001: The 15th annual Palo Alto Black and White Ball is canceled.
Source: Mercury News archives

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: LG FRANCIS -- MERCURY NEWS ARCHIVES
Sheila Banning greets a friend at Palo Alto's Black and White Ball in 1999. The
ball skirted disaster that year when it was held the same night as another big
fundraiser, the Silicon Valley Charity Ball.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 22, 1999, Monday, Final Edition

Monday Morning

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F03; MONDAY MORNING

LENGTH: 509 words


Power Aloft

Maybe this story of circumnavigating the globe could be called "Around the World
on 80 Rays."

The Breitling Orbiter 3 balloon, took off from the Swiss Alps on March 1, was
propelled by propane and wind, but power on board was provided by 20 Solarex
solar modules, arranged in a cube to provide reasonably even power output
despite the balloon's rotation in flight. The modules produced by the Frederick,
Md., company owned by Amoco Corp. and Enron Solar powered the balloon's
sophisticated navigation instruments, satellite communications, lighting and a
water heater.

On Saturday, the balloon floated over longitude 9 degrees west and became the
first ever to complete a round-the-world flight.

-- Martha Hamilton

Black on Black

Large retailers have learned that black people have money, too, and are
increasingly contending for their business.

Dozens of black retailers will gather this weekend, Friday through Sunday at the
Washington Convention Center and the Henley Park Hotel, to discuss how to meet
this competition for their once largely ignored customers.

The theme of the Eighth International Black Buyers and Manufacturers Expo and
Conference is "Protecting the Africentric Market." On Friday, a panel of
retailers will talk about the challenge from mainstream marketers.

The trade show provides a venue for black retailers, manufacturers, importers,
booksellers and other entrepreneurs to network with each other, as well as buy
and sell their goods. For more information about the conference call (202)
797-9070 or visit the conference Web site at www.ibbmec.com.

-- Michelle Singletary

You've Gotta Play to Lose

In the spirit of March Madness, Alexandria's Society for Human Resources
Management has issued a report that shows that workers risk their money on more
than just their picks in the office pool for the NCAA basketball tournament.

In fact, according to a random survey of the group's 2,300 members, that annual
rite of spring is only the fourth most popular form of office gambling.

The most popular, and the percentage of respondents who said their office
participated, include:

Super Bowl pools (58 percent)

Regular season football pools

(55 percent)

Combining money to buy lottery tickets

(39 percent)

NCAA tourney pools (30 percent)

Baby pools (25 percent)

Fantasy football pools (11 percent)

Members of The Post's financial staff are stunned that our favorite office pool
of late -- when the Dow would cross 10,000 -- didn't make the list.

-- Tracy Grant

DID YOU HEAR? . . .

"Maryland is satellite and biotech."

Tel-Save.com chief executive Gabriel Battista on why he's going to move the
headquarters of his telecommunications company to Reston, even though he owns a
home in Potomac

CORRECTION: A graphic in last week's Washington Business misstated the number of
people employed by U.S.A. Floral Products. The company has 4,500 employees.

Locally produced solar modules provided the power on board the Breitling Orbiter
3 balloon.


LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap/FABRICE COFFRINI; Photo, www.ibbmec.com; Illustration

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              326 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 28, 1996, Saturday, Final Edition

From King's 'Dream' To Farrakhan's Deal; Vision of Racial Harmony Fades for
Carolina Businessman

Michael A. Fletcher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 1441 words

DATELINE: FAYETTEVILLE, N.C.


As Marion "Rex" Harris stood on the speaker's platform while Martin Luther King
Jr. delivered his historic "I Have a Dream" speech in 1963, he was certain that
the vision of a colorblind society was well within reach.

But by last year's Million Man March on the same National Mall, he had a new
attitude. This time he was at the side of Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan
nodding in agreement while Farrakhan offered his stinging indictment of American
racism.

In the 32 years separating those two events, Harris turned from determined
idealist to steely pragmatist. The former Army officer and civic-minded
businessman is now trying to broker a $ 1 billion deal between two pariahs:
Farrakhan and Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi. Even some of Harris's friends have
reviled him for seeking what they call blood money from a suspected terrorist on
Farrakhan's behalf.

But for them, Harris has a simple reply: Where else will black Americans be able
to come up with that kind of money?

That is a stunning new posture for a man who often found success, if, he now
says, little satisfaction, operating in the American mainstream. Harris started
a string of businesses, including a dry cleaners and an oil and coal export
company, often with white partners, broke through racial barriers to serve on
government panels and raised three successful daughters. The walls of his North
Carolina office are covered with photos and mementos documenting his
accomplishments: a letter from President Richard M. Nixon, a plaque
acknowledging his life membership in the NAACP, certificates from governors'
commissions and chambers of commerce and a framed picture of Harris recently
with President Clinton.

But Harris, 62, said he also has been scarred by a series of racial incidents
that, over the years, have left him bitter and doubtful about the prospects for
true racial harmony. He said his dry cleaning plant here was torched in 1968 by
unknown arsonists after he received numerous anonymous racial threats. When
Harris worked in the 1972 presidential campaign of then-Rep. Shirley Chisolm
(D-N.Y.), he said, his car was shot at by unknown assailants he is sure opposed
the mere idea of a black ever being in the White House. And, he said, several
lucrative business deals vanished simply because of the color of his skin,
reappearing only when he dropped out of the competition.

Now, Harris said, he is convinced that, in the end, blacks can only rely on each
other to get ahead. And it is this conviction that has pushed him into his
unlikely embrace of the Nation of Islam leader.

"Whoever said 'if you play by the rules, you can prosper' forgot to mention that
he meant only white folks," he said in a recent interview in his North Carolina
office.

Harris, who is Christian, said he is puzzled by much of the Nation of Islam's
theology, which among other things teaches that whites are mutants created by a
mad scientist. But he said he is willing to ignore or overlook some of
Farrakhan's message for a larger goal.

"If [working with Farrakhan] is what it takes to assure some equality for my
people, that is where you are going to find Rex Harris," Harris said. "We must
get help wherever we can."

In that way, Harris is not unlike the scores of black ministers who, despite
grave misgivings about the Nation of Islam, allow Farrakhan to speak from their
pulpits, or the masses of African American men who rallied to the Farrakhan-led
Million Man March in Washington nearly a year ago.

Similarly, thousands of people, including some black mayors, city council
members and state legislators, were expected to answer Farrakhan's call to
gather in St. Louis yesterday for the start of a political convention aimed at
advancing a national black political agenda. The outspoken minister is expected
to renew his demand that the U.S. government allow him to accept Libya's gift of
$ 1 billion.

"I think there are literally millions of blacks in this country who, while they
don't subscribe to the religious [teachings], share a number of precepts with
the Nation of Islam: Do for self, pride of race that kind of thing," said Rufus
Cook, a Chicago lawyer who has argued cases both for and against the Nation of
Islam. "Those are messages that resonate with a wide range of black people
wholly without regard to religious affiliation."

Harris said his relationship with Farrakhan began in 1983, when the black
nationalist leader traveled with Jesse L. Jackson to Syria to negotiate the
release of a Navy flier who had been shot down. Harris, who headed Jackson's
1984 presidential campaign in North Carolina, helped finance the trip.

After that, Benjamin F. Chavis Jr., the former NAACP executive director who has
known Harris for decades and is now a close ally of Farrakhan, called on the
North Carolina businessman to help plan the Million Man March. Earlier this
year, Chavis asked Harris to work with the Nation of Islam leader to secure the
money from Libya.

Despite his significant misgivings about the dogma of the Nation of Islam,
Harris said he has no problem serving as its point man in the effort to secure
the $ 1 billion gift from Gadhafi. Farrakhan and Harris say they have elaborate
economic development plans for the money that they say can benefit all African
Americans. But they also face what is likely an unwinnable battle.

The Treasury Department last month rejected the Nation of Islam's request for a
license to accept Gadhafi's promised gift because of Libya's alleged terrorist
ties. Farrakhan has said he would use the money for a wide range of economic
development projects, and Harris said that would offer African Americans a small
measure of economic independence, a possibility that he says dwarfs any public
relations gains that would accrue to Gadhafi, who remains a pariah in the United
States.

The Treasury also denied an application for Farrakhan to accept a $ 250,000
prize that came with a human rights award from Gadhafi. Nation of Islam lawyers
now contend that a license is not needed to accept the prize money, which they
say is funded by a Swiss concern.

"No U.S. person or group has ever been licensed by the Treasury Department to
receive a donation or cash gift from Libya," said a department spokesman. Nation
of Islam lawyers have threatened to sue, and Harris is confident that he
eventually will find a way to accept Gadhafi's $ 1 billion pledge.

The Treasury Department has issued 1,300 licenses for U.S. economic transfers
with Libya since anti-terrorism sanctions against that country were put in place
in 1986. But officials say most of them were for U.S. sales to foreign diplomats
based in Libya or to allow international wire transfers that pass through
U.S.-owned banks.

For Harris, the Libyan money could be personally lucrative. He said he would be
entitled to a fee of as much as $ 70 million if he successfully negotiates the
Libya deal, although he said he would not accept that much and has not signed a
contract with Farrakhan.

"I'm not sure I would take a fee at all," he said. "For me, the attraction would
be helping to manage the money."

Harris also said he is undeterred by the Nation of Islam's poor business record,
which includes a trail of unpaid bills and unfulfilled promises. And it does not
bother him that Farrakhan, who is widely condemned as racist and antisemitic, is
the conduit for the money, nor that Gadhafi, an alleged sponsor of terrorism, is
the source.

"There are three issues here. Farrakhan is an issue. Libya is an issue. But $ 1
billion to black America is the biggest issue here," Harris said. "I know there
is not one program in this country that has a billion dollars in it for black
Americans."

Harris's public affiliation with Farrakhan has come at a price. Friends have
counseled him against working for Libyan "blood money." North Carolina Gov.
James B. Hunt Jr. (D) returned a $ 500 donation from Harris after Robin Hayes,
Hunt's Republican opponent, criticized him for accepting the money. Hayes also
has called on Hunt to remove Harris from the state railroad board.

"That's politics. I understand it," Harris said, adding that he will fight to
remain on the board. "I haven't committed a crime. I don't see why I should
resign."

"I'm 62," Harris said. "The dream that I had for America and what I thought
could happen is not there anymore. So I want to do this. Somebody with a job in
corporate America might not understand this. But those of us who are true black
entrepreneurs understand how difficult progress is because we know they will cut
you right off at your knees."


NAME: MARION HARRIS

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: fayetteville observer times/april jenkins, Businessman Marion "Rex"
Harris at his North Carolina dry cleaning business. Harris wants $1 billion gift
from Libya to help black Americans.

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              327 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            October 24, 2016 Monday

Black Democrats to Hillary Clinton: Send Money to Take Congress

BYLINE: JONATHAN MARTIN

SECTION: US

LENGTH: 1481 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

Two senior African-American lawmakers urged Mrs. Clinton to fund turnout efforts
in down-ballot races, warning that control of Congress will be crucial to her
agenda if she wins.

FULL TEXT

WASHINGTON - She holds a commanding lead in the presidential race and has $150
million in the bank, but some leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to
use more of that money to mobilize black voters in hopes of winning control of
Congress, publicly revealing a crack in party unity that could have lasting
consequences if she is elected.

In interviews, two senior African-American members of the House called on Mrs.
Clinton to draw from her war chest to fund voter-turnout efforts in
congressional races. They warned that even if she handily defeated Donald J.
Trump, her presidential agenda would be stymied unless she swept in new
Democratic lawmakers with her.

At issue is a strategic choice with profound implications: Should Mrs. Clinton
reach to defeat Mr. Trump in more states like Utah? Or should she instead divert
some of her resources to Democrats who are battling in tight races in liberal
states like New York and centrist states like Colorado, or in Republican-leaning
states like Indiana and Missouri that she has effectively written off?

As Mrs. Clinton confidently expands her campaign into conservative-leaning
states, she should make the knife's-edge fight for the Senate and the Democratic
effort to cut into the Republicans' House majority a priority, said the
lawmakers, Representatives James E. Clyburn of South Carolina and G. K.
Butterfield of North Carolina.

"She may be in a good place, but I don't think the party is in a good place
yet," said Mr. Clyburn, the third-ranking House Democrat.

To be sure, Mrs. Clinton has started to infuse her stump speech with attacks on
Republican congressional candidates: She used a rally in Raleigh on Sunday to
lash Senator Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, who is locked in a dead heat
with his Democratic challenger. And Mrs. Clinton's aides noted that she had
committed several million dollars of additional funding in recent days to aid
the entire Democratic ticket, money that will be used in part for an extensive
program to target African-American voters. Taken together, it is far more than
what President Obama did for other Democrats in his two elections, as some of
her supporters privately noted.

"Since the start of the campaign, Hillary Clinton has been deeply committed to
electing Democrats from the statehouse to the halls of Congress," said Marlon
Marshall, Mrs. Clinton's director of states and political engagement. "Having
already invested an estimated $100 million in joint efforts to support
coordinated campaigns, we're now supercharging it in the final weeks of the
campaign."

But Mr. Clyburn and Mr. Butterfield, the chairman of the Congressional Black
Caucus, said that Mrs. Clinton's efforts had been insufficient to the task at
hand.

Mr. Butterfield, noting that the party's "down-ballot races are not as
comfortable as the presidential race," added: "I'm concerned about the
African-American vote. We've got to get a turnout in the African-American
community that equals or surpasses the white turnout."

The two said they had taken their pleas in recent days to senior officials in
Mrs. Clinton's campaign and received respectful hearings but no firm
commitments.

While both congressmen said they applauded their nominee's effort to expand the
presidential map, their lobbying effort highlights the competing pressures Mrs.
Clinton faces in the campaign's final weeks.

Many of her closest advisers want to humiliate Mr. Trump by aggressively
competing in Republican bastions like Arizona and Utah. But other senior party
officials would like her to divert significant financial resources to help
congressional Democrats.

Mrs. Clinton announced last week that she would send a total of $1 million to
Indiana and Missouri, two states where she is not competing that have crucial
Senate races. But some Democrats would like to see more.

Mr. Clyburn and Mr. Butterfield were not focused exclusively on the black vote:
Mr. Clyburn cited Colorado, where he had just visited and where Mrs. Clinton is
very likely to prevail, as an example of a state where he hoped she would
continue to spend money for the good of Democratic House candidates.

"The young people working on campaigns there I talked to said, 'We can win this
election, but I can't hire nobody to carry people to polls,'" he said, adding
that they told him that they had "no budget for that."

What particularly grates on black Democratic leaders is that there always seems
to be ample money for television ads, which enrich the party's top media
consultants. In September alone, Mrs. Clinton spent $66 million on commercials.

"I don't understand why we think that churches and other groups ought to be
running vans to the polls for free," Mr. Clyburn said. "We don't ask these guys
who place TV ads to do it for free."

The congressmen did not specify how much money they hoped Mrs. Clinton would
divert, but with competitive Senate races in at least seven states and two or
more hotly contested House campaigns in 13 states, Democratic candidates would
benefit from seven-figure commitments.

Even as Mr. Trump slips in the polls in nearly every battleground state, raising
Democratic hopes for an Electoral College landslide, Republicans continue to run
competitively in the hardest-fought Senate and House races.

Public polling shows that Democrats are well positioned to narrowly win control
of the Senate, but as many as seven seats remain up in the air. These contests
could determine whether Democrats can gain enough of a majority to overcome the
occasional straying by some of their more conservative senators.

In the House, Democrats are expected to gain seats, but it is unclear how close
they can come to picking up the 30 needed to capture control.

And with newly disclosed fund-raising records revealing that Mrs. Clinton and
her joint fund-raising arms began October with more than $152 million in the
bank, Mr. Clyburn and Mr. Butterfield believe she should provide more to aid
Democrats in races that could go either way.

"I believe the Clinton campaign has the resources," Mr. Butterfield said.

Mr. Clyburn invoked a bitter anecdote to make his case, recalling how in 2004
John Kerry barely lost the presidency and subsequently was found to have ended
the election with $14 million unspent.

"Why was that money sitting in the bank?" Mr. Clyburn said, echoing many
Democrats who would have preferred to have seen it transferred to the party.

Both lawmakers said Mrs. Clinton was certain to enjoy an overwhelming victory
margin among African-Americans, but they argued that black turnout could
determine how many congressional seats Democrats captured. Voting by blacks
surged in Mr. Obama's two victories, but many Democrats have expressed concerns
about diminished black enthusiasm in this election, particularly among younger
people.

"I want this party, in the final weeks of the campaign, to be out there hiring
workers to go out and beat the bushes, knock on doors, get people to polls," Mr.
Clyburn said.

Six of the seven states with Senate races that are likely to determine the
balance of power have sizable African-American populations. Among them, North
Carolina has the largest proportion of black residents: 22 percent.

"If we can just pump $200,000 to $300,000 into black political groups here that
are experts at getting out the African-American vote, I think that can make a
difference," Mr. Butterfield said.

Mr. Butterfield said he had also lobbied Senators Chuck Schumer of New York, the
incoming Democratic leader, and Jon Tester of Montana, who leads the Senate
Democratic campaign arm, to direct more money to the party's ground game. A
spokesman for the Senate Democratic campaign effort said it was directing money
to state parties to drive black turnout and had contracted with former
Representative Steven Horsford of Nevada, a political consultant, to help run
its efforts in states where the black vote is crucial.

Mr. Butterfield and Mr. Clyburn cast their arguments in practical terms, saying
it was in Mrs. Clinton's interest to begin her presidency with as many Democrats
as she could help get elected before facing a potentially difficult first
midterm election. Democrats, Mr. Clyburn noted, are all too familiar with making
gains in presidential years only to see them erased.

"It's time for us to work on getting her a supporting cast in place so she can
get the kind of Supreme Court that can leave her legacy in place" and enact her
legislative agenda, Mr. Clyburn said. "Or else we'll see ourselves facing the
same problems in two years that we did in 2010."

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get
politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday

Election 2014: Black exceeds Turner in fundraising

BYLINE: Jean Cole, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Oct. 05--Republican Jason Black leads Democrat James "Curtis" Turner in
collecting campaign money in the race for the District 3 seat on the Limestone
County Commission.

For the month of September, the most recent donations reporting period, Black
collected $9,181 compared to zero for Turner, according to records filed at the
Limestone County Probate Judge's Office and the Alabama Secretary of State's
Office.

Black's received the following cash contributions from businesses, groups or
corporations: B and B Investments of Athens, $1,000; Limestone County Republican
Executive Committee of Athens, $2,100; North Alabama PAC of Athens, $2,500; and
Limestone County Republican Executive Committee, $1,500.

He also received a $400 individual donation from Shane Black of Athens and an
in-kind donation of $681 from French's Mill LLC of Athens, records show.

During September, Black spent $4,244 on various advertising, transportation,
food and administrative purposes, records show.

In contrast, Turner began and ended the month of September with $289, neither
receiving nor spending any money between Sept. 1 and 30, records show. Most of
Turner's campaign money has come from donations he made to his own campaign,
including $1,500 in February, $1,000 in March and $1,250 in April. He has
received a few donations from individuals, however.

District 3 voter will decide in the Nov. 4 general election which man they want
to represent them for the next four years.

Turner

Turner was born in Athens and graduated from Tanner High School. He served in
the Army six years and earned a degree in mechanical engineering technology from
Chattanooga State College and a degree in business commerce from the University
of Louisville. He retired from Sequoyah Nuclear Plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

Turner, a grandfather, is a Sunday school teacher and a member of the 100 Men
Choir at Round Island Creek Baptist Association. He was involved with Big
Brothers/Big Sisters and helps raise money for the American Cancer Society.

Black

Black is a 1987 graduate of Clements High School, where he has been teaching the
past nine years. He earned a master's degree in secondary education with an
emphasis in economics from Alabama A&M University and a master's endorsement in
administration/instructional leadership from the University of North Alabama. He
and his wife, Velvet, have two children. Black, a member of Mount Carmel Church
of Christ, has volunteered with the Limestone County Emergency Management Agency
for more than 30 years. He has also volunteered for numerous other groups and
fundraisers.

Black's monthly campaign-finance report is available online at the Secretary of
State's Office. Turner's is available on paper at the Limestone County Probate
Judge's Office. Candidates are allowed to file them either way.

___ (c)2014 The News Courier (Athens, Ala.) Visit The News Courier (Athens,
Ala.) at enewscourier.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141005-XN-Election-2014-Black-exceeds-Turner-in-fundraising-20141005

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2014 The News Courier


                              329 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            December 9, 2012 Sunday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: ; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 514 words


DAYTON

Gunman steals rent money

An armed robber dressed entirely in black made off with $2,000 in rent money a
landlord collected on Friday.

According to a Day-ton police report, the 70-year-old victim told officers he
was pinned against a van in the 1200 block of Wayne Avenue and robbed at
gunpoint around 8 p.m.

The suspect, who referred to the victim by name, was described as a black male
wearing a black jacket, black hat and with a black bandanna over his face. He is
about 5 feet 7 inches tall and 230 to 240 pounds.

The man was last seen running on Wayne Avenue toward downtown Day-ton. Although
the suspect called the man by name, the victim told police he could not match
the voice with a specific person.

The victim, who owns properties throughout the area, said his renters bring him
money on Friday afternoons. The same thing happened to him about three years
ago, he said, when he was robbed of approximately $2,500.

DAYTON

100 DVDs among items stolen

Property worth more than $6,000 - including 100 DVDs - was reported stolen from
a house on the 1800 block of Kipling Drive on Friday evening.

Dayton police responded to the burglary at about midnight on Saturday, according
to a Day-ton police report. They met with a 58-year-old man who said he knew
something was wrong as soon as he returned to his residence, where a rear window
screen was on the ground.

The man said he left his residence around 5 p.m. to attend a school function in
Trotwood. He told police his residence has an alarm system, but he didn't
activate it because he didn't think he would be gone long.

He also said he has been remodeling another house and has been away more often
than usual. The man also reported that the vacant house next door had been
broken into recently.

The missing property includes 100 DVDs, a GPS system, iPad, two coats, a laptop,
nail gun, 52-inch TV, 42-inch TV and three firearms. STAFF REPORT

DAYTON

Morning fire damages duplex

Dayton firefighters were called to Xenia Avenue and Hoch Street early Saturday
morning for a structure fire.

The fire was reported in a duplex at 282 Hoch Street.

Radio traffic indicated that the chief called for an investigator and Dayton
Power & Light.

No injuries were reported. STAFF REPORT

CLARK COUNTY

Man facing assault charges

A Medway man has been arrested on suspicion of felonious assault and aggravated
menacing after deputies said he attacked a woman.

Investigators learned that the woman and man were at a VFW on Lake Road when
they began to argue. This led to a fight, which moved outside.

They said the woman drove herself and the man, Christopher E. Sine, to 36
Dogwood Dr.. She said Sine followed her into her home and allegedly continued
the assault.

The victim said she was kicked and punched in the head and body. She eventually
lost consciousness.

She also claimed that Sine held a knife to her throat and threatened to kill
her. The victim refused treatment, but later went to the hospital.

Deputies arrested Sine at 2928 Lake Rd. in Med-way. He is in the Clark County
Jail and will be arraigned Monday in Clark County Municipal Court.

STAFF REPORT

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              330 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               September 12, 1996, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

CAMPAIGN '96: THE ISSUES;
Politicians vouch for school equality;
But a proposed 'choice' policy has some educators alarmed.

BYLINE: Jim Yardley; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 917 words

DATELINE: Yazoo City, Miss.


Like most white parents in Yazoo City, Haley Barbour sends his son, Reeves, to
Manchester Academy, the private school a few hundred yards across a field of
dead corn from its mostly black, public counterpart, Yazoo City High School.

The two schools have not competed in sports or academics since Manchester was
founded 27 years ago in defiance of public school integration. This picture of
two schools so close together, yet so profoundly divided, is the failed legacy
of court-ordered integration in the Mississippi Delta, though people in Yazoo
City once believed their town would be different.

Today, Barbour, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, and his
fellow Republicans espouse a dramatic policy change known as "school choice"
that would provide publicly funded cash vouchers to allow poor children, if they
so choose, to attend private or parochial schools. Republican presidential
nominee Bob Dole says vouchers would create competition between public and
private schools, forcing public schools to improve to keep students and tax
dollars.

President Clinton also has focused attention on education during the campaign
but has stopped short of steps that could lead to major upheavals. The
centerpiece of his education program is a massive effort to increase literacy.

'They're going to take'

Here in Barbour's hometown, where he still lives though he frequently travels to
Washington, many whites and blacks believe the school vouchers Dole proposes
would further cripple a public school system that has suffered a slow erosion of
community support since integration in 1970. Blacks, in particular, bristle at
the thought of public money subsidizing a school with Manchester's
segregationist legacy. Though Manchester advertises itself as
non-discriminatory, the school did not accept its first black student, a
transfer from Maryland, until this year.

"Manchester was set up to keep white families from going to school with blacks,"
said Joseph Thomas, a former member of the city school board. "The public would
be helping to finance some of these schools."

Yazoo City Schools Superintendent Arthur Cartlidge believes a voucher system
would devastate public systems like Yazoo City, which ranks as Mississippi's
third poorest school district with a tax base of only $ 30 million. By moving
more money out of the system with vouchers, Cartlidge said, decline, not
improvement, would follow. Private schools such as Manchester or wealthier
public systems such as the Yazoo County schools could siphon off students and
dollars.

"They're not going to give us anything," he said, "but they're going to take
away."

Money shortages forced Yazoo City High principal John Wallace to slash $ 150,000
from his budget this year. His band can travel only to select road football
games because there is not enough money to rent buses. He cannot fill 10 empty
teaching positions, so class sizes have swelled.

Vouchers are usually discussed in the context of large cities.
Narrow options

In Cleveland, for example, city officials launched a pilot voucher program this
year, enabling poor students to choose between hundreds of public, parochial and
private schools. But Yazoo County has only Manchester and two smaller private
schools in addition to the county and city public systems. None of the private
schools is large enough to absorb large numbers of new students if hundreds of
students left the public system with vouchers.

Even if they could take in large numbers of black students, private schools like
Manchester have shown no inclination to do so. A network of private schools
hurriedly opened in Mississippi in response to massive integration in 1970. In
the Mississippi Delta, where blacks greatly outnumber whites, these schools
remain open today, serving white students almost exclusively.

Manchester headmaster Mike Hardwick said school choice hasn't been discussed at
board meetings. "I don't know hardly anything about the voucher system,"
Hardwick said. He said Manchester now styles itself as a nondiscriminatory,
college prep academy, costing, on average, $ 2,000 a year.

Jeppie Barbour, Haley's brother and Yazoo City's mayor during integration, said,
"I think the money is enough to where a lot of private schools will push their
board to accept these vouchers because the people already in there would get
some (tax) relief themselves."

The 'ultimate jump'

But Ardis Russell, one of the dwindling number of whites who has kept his
children in the public schools, blames Manchester for dividing the city. He said
whites perceive the public schools as bad for the most part because they are
mostly black. White enrollment, once as high as 40 percent, is now about 14
percent. Whites who left complained of discipline problems and declining
academic standards. Blacks, and whites such as Russell, disagree.

When integration came, Russell and others remember a smooth transition. Whites
pledged to support the public schools and make Yazoo City a success story.
President Jimmy Carter held a town meeting at the high school. In 1970, Yazoo
City native son and author Willie Morris returned home to write a book, "Yazoo,"
detailing integration. Morris, like others in the '70s, believed Manchester
would eventually die.

"I misjudged that," Morris says now. "When you really get down to it, I guess
the people didn't want (integration), the whites didn't want it. They weren't
willing to make that ultimate jump."

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This story was archived from the Sports Final edition of The Atlanta
Constitution.

GRAPHIC: Photo: Haley Barbour sends his son to a private school in Yazoo City,
 Miss./ RICK MCKAY / Washington Bureau

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              331 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                     November 5, 1995 Sunday FINAL EDITION

BLACK WARD LEADERS CALL MAYOR CHEAP THEY SAY RENDELL'S CAMPAIGN PROVIDES TOO
LITTLE STREET MONEY AND IS DISRESPECTFUL. THEY'RE TALKING OF SITTING OUT THE
ELECTION AND WORKING FOR COLIN POWELL.

BYLINE: Marc Kaufman, Thomas Ferrick Jr., and Marie McCullough, INQUIRER STAFF
WRITERS

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1185 words


Philadelphia's black Democratic ward leaders are "infuriated" by the
"disrespectful" way the Rendell reelection campaign is treating them, and about
the amount of street money provided for Tuesday's election.

And they are talking seriously about not only sitting out the election but of
going to work soon for retired Gen. Colin Powell - who is expected to
announce soon his candidacy for the Republican nomination for president.

This was the message delivered yesterday by Carol Ann Campbell, chairwoman of
the caucus of 27 African American ward leaders and secretary of the Democratic
City Committee, after an emergency meeting at the Adams Mark Hotel.

Campbell said the ward leaders - who include many of the city's top black
officials - are united in their concern and anger on this last weekend of the
mayoral campaign.

"I see far-reaching repercussions," Campbell said. "Money is an issue, but it is
not the primary issue. The primary issue is disrespect."

At issue is the way the Rendell campaign is dividing its street money for
Election Day. The ward leaders say they are very unhappy about the amount of
money being provided to committee workers - $125 per division - and about
Rendell's decision to use his own paid campaign operatives to do a lot of work
Tuesday.

The fact that Rendell has $2.3 million in the bank leaves the ward leaders
wondering why he doesn't spread more around.

Campbell said a last-ditch effort to avoid a conflict is expected to take place
today during a meeting between Rendell, Democratic City Committee chairman
Robert Brady, and former U.S. Rep. Lucien Blackwell, a ward leader.

The mayor, campaigning yesterday afternoon in South Philadelphia, said he knew
nothing of the proposed meeting. He also said that he had seen Blackwell earlier
in the afternoon and that nothing was said about street money or a possible
meeting.

He said that his campaign is giving $250,000 to the city committee and that
"nobody has ever given that kind of money before."

"The people I have talked to are pleased with the money we've given," Rendell
said. "It's the most they've gotten in a long time."

He also said that the extra money his campaign would spend on Election Day on
operatives - men and women hired by the campaign itself to get out the vote - is
not out of line with other campaigns.

"Every campaign spends money on operatives today," said Rendell, who estimated
he would spend less than $125,000 for them.

The whole "street money" dispute, Rendell concluded, "is about Carol Campbell."
The other ward leaders, he said, "are all afraid to say anything in front of
her."

Campbell, who said that Rendell greatly underestimates the anger of black ward
leaders, said that many of them have been contacted recently by operatives
working for Powell. She said that the former general would be in the area next
week and that some black Democratic leaders were expected to meet with him.

Campbell said that she had been called, too, but would not go, because her
family has been active in Philadelphia Democratic politics for 168 years. But
she said that many other black Democrats were eager to work for Powell.

"Let me tell you, the way black ward leaders have been treated by Rendell will
be remembered next year," Campbell said. "And when the Democrats are in trouble
in '96, who will they have to turn to? Not Rendell's operatives, but to our
Democratic ward leaders. And I really don't know how they'll respond."

Brady, who attended the morning protest meeting as Democratic committee
chairman, said that he sympathized with the caucus.

"The ward leaders are right - I happen to agree," Brady said. He said the
dispute was "not really about money - it's about procedures and who runs an
election. It's about ward leaders running an election, and not people hired on a
part-time basis."

Also yesterday, both Rendell and Republican challenger Joseph Rocks crisscrossed
the city looking for votes, photo ops and those last hands to shake.

Rocks did his looking at the Italian Market. Wearing a black windbreaker, Rocks
marched from stall to stall on Ninth Street, meeting and greeting potential
voters.

They were sometimes hard to find. Rocks ran into a man from London, a couple
from Poland, lots of people from New Jersey and Delaware, and one man who missed
the word candidate and thought he was meeting the mayor of Philadelphia.

"Keep me in your thoughts on Election Day," Rocks told everyone who would
listen. "We got to give that guy Rendell a little shot."

Rendell had a busier schedule. As mayor, he began the day at a community cleanup
in Strawberry Mansion. As a candidate, his next stop was a handshaking tour at
the ShopRite at Chelten and Wayne Avenues.

At a late-afternoon campaign stop in South Philadelphia, a hoarse-sounding
Rendell gave a familiar pep talk, ticking off his administration's
accomplishments and exhorting supporters to get out the vote.

He was received like royalty by about 30 Democratic Committee people, candidates
and others who gathered at J.P. Caterers in South Philadelphia.

Rendell's only promise was that, if reelected, he would not run for higher
office while serving as mayor. "I will not run for governor or senator," he
said. "I will be your mayor every day" of the next term.

Although the vow was applauded, some listeners took it with a grain of
salt.

"Maybe he feels that way now," said Linda Cucinotto, whose husband, Joseph, is a
committeeman. "I don't know. I think even he doesn't know."

Committeeman Joseph Fenuto said, "I think there's a good chance he will" run for
higher office, despite the promise.

Rendell touted his record, citing the city's financial turnaround; improvements
in street lighting, paving and parks, and recent job growth that, while minimal,
has defied the trend of many years.

Rendell also noted the cut in gross receipts taxes that took effect July 1 and
the wage tax cut that will take effect in January.

"We cut the wage tax for the first time since World War II," he said.

Rocks' schedule in the final weekend was a guide to his core constituency. He
began with breakfast at the Bavarian Club in the Far Northeast, where he talked
to Republican committee people in the 58th and 66th Wards - two of the strongest
GOP wards in the city.

Last night, he was scheduled to attend a dinner hosted by District Council 33 of
the American Federation of State, City and Municipal Employees, which represents
city employees. Rocks is counting on the support of these workers, who are
disgruntled over the contracts they have gotten under Rendell.

At the Italian Market, Rocks made a special point to shake hands with the police
officer directing traffic at Ninth Street and Washington Avenue. He has close
ties to the Fraternal Order of Police, another anti-Rendell union that has
endorsed Rocks.

Rocks is scheduled to visit several diners today. He also is scheduled to end
the night on a bar tour organized by tavern owners - another anti-Rendell group,
unhappy with the across-the-bar drink tax enacted by the mayor.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;

PHOTO (2)
1. Running hard in South Philadelphia, Mayor Rendell greets a supporter at a
meet-the-candidates forum at J.P. Caterers. He touted his achievements,
including the city's fiscal turnaround. (The Philadelphia Inquirer, RON
TARVER)
2. In the final days before Tuesday's election, Republican challenger Joe
Rocks campaigned yesterday along Rising Sun Avenue in the Northeast, which has
some of the strongest GOP wards in the city.

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 23, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

INVESTING IT;
The Black Investor, Playing Catch-Up

BYLINE: By PETER TRUELL

SECTION: Section 3; Page 1; Column 2; Money and Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 2973 words


ALFRED G. OSBOURNE got right to the point recently in urging stock ownership on
a group of African-American health care workers in the Bronx.

"Over time, inflation is going to eat your assets alive," Mr. Osbourne, a broker
for the financial services group of the American Express Company, warned an
audience clad in lab coats and scuffed sneakers at the Morrisania Health Center
in the South Bronx. To pay for children's college educations and build a
retirement nest egg, he said, "you need to have some money in the equity market;
mutual funds are one of the nice ways to get started."

Nothing new there. But the reaction was illuminating. Most of the more than 50
people who attended Mr. Osbourne's workshops this day filled out forms
requesting private consultations with him.

But he often sees such reaction these days when he speaks to blacks about
investing. Moreover, he says, roughly two out of five of the people he sits down
with set up a stock-buying plan and "follow through and stick to it."

A momentous shift is taking place in the investment practices of black
Americans. Abandoning the conservative habits of their parents and grandparents,
rising numbers are putting their savings into stocks rather than real estate,
insurance policies and certificates of deposit.

Traditionally, blacks have shied away from stocks -- partly out of mistrust of
Wall Street, partly because Wall Street showed little interest in their money
and partly out of ignorance as to how the stock market worked. "My parents
didn't even have a checking account," said George M. Daniels, who grew up in St.
Louis and who has helped run an African-American investment club in Manhattan
for 15 years. "We aren't taught a lot about these things. We didn't know. The
main thing then was insurance."

But as the black middle class has mushroomed in recent years and black buying
power has surged -- to more than $500 billion this year from just over $300
billion in 1990 -- blacks are being wooed by brokers as never before and are
increasingly jumping on the stock-market bandwagon.

"Historically, in the African-American community, the vast majority of the
family's assets was in the house, with the rest in the automobile, with
virtually no money invested in the equity market," said J. Eugene Grigsby, a
public policy specialist at the University of California at Los Angeles. Until
the late 1970's, most middle-class African-Americans worked in the public
sector. But as more blacks took jobs in the private sector, especially at big
corporations, they became more familiar with investment concepts like "stock
options, financial statements and returns on investment," Mr. Grigsby said, and
the allure of stocks grew.

Today, 57 percent of black households with annual incomes of more than $50,000
have money in the stock market, according to a survey conducted by Yankelovich
Partners for Ariel Mutual Funds, an investment company in Chicago that is run by
blacks, and Charles Schwab & Company, the big discount brokerage firm. While
there are no comparable survey figures for past years, brokers and investment
bankers said the percentage represented a huge increase from the mid-1980's.

To be sure, the proportion of whites in the same income bracket who own stocks
is much higher -- 81 percent -- according to the study, but specialists say the
gap appears to be closing. Anecdotal evidence shows that the number of
predominantly black investment clubs has proliferated, though the National
Association of Investors Corporation in Madison Heights, Mich., the country's
main investment club organization, does not track their numbers. And a recent
survey by Target Market News, a Chicago research firm that monitors habits of
black consumers, shows that the number of black investors has been growing
rapidly since 1995.

"A rush to catch up is the driving force," said Ken Smikle, the president of
Target. "There is a need to rush, frankly, because the market has been ignored
for so long."

J. Fred Acree, 38, a mortgage loan originator with a minority-owned firm in
Winston-Salem, N.C., illustrates the trend. When he was growing up in Augusta,
Ga., his family "had the house, and we had the insurance," Mr. Acree said.

"Anything else, we weren't really aware of," he added. "There wasn't really
anyone to make us aware of that."

After attending college, Mr. Acree spent years putting all his spare cash into a
savings account, waiting until just a few years ago to funnel some of the money
into stocks.

The opportunity to deal with a black stockbroker -- "the only one I know of in
that office" -- also gave him "a little bit more of a sense of pride," he said.

His broker, Duane Davis, who works for First Union Brokerage Services in
Winston-Salem, recently founded the Coalition of Black Investors, a national
organization that is holding seminars across the country to address what it
perceives as a lack of knowledge among black Americans about finance and
investments.

"The fact is that the largest emerging market in the world is the minority
market in this country," the Rev. Jesse Jackson said this summer at a New York
conference intended to attract capital to minority groups. "African-Americans
and Latinos control more than $700 billion a year in buying power. That's more
than all of Mexico, all of India, all of Switzerland, all of Indonesia and all
of South Africa."

Mr. Jackson also has been putting pressure on investment banks to hire more
blacks and other minority-group members.

'The New Boom Market'

Big retail banks, long the main point of contact for blacks with the financial
services industry, have for the last 20 years been taking steps to improve
corporate diversity efforts and to focus marketing on ethnic groups. Only
lately, though, has the brokerage industry awakened to the potentially lucrative
market. But it has done so with a rush of activity, even as the bull market is
starting to look a bit long in the tooth.

Mic Alexander, who works in her family's commercial-printing business in
Charlotte, N.C., said she now receives an average of five investment pitches a
week from investment firms, even though "lack of time and lack of interest" have
largely kept her away from the stock market. Nevertheless, she said, her
mother's interest has been piqued.

Tony Chapelle, publisher of Securities Pro, a newsletter that reports on
African-Americans in the securities industry, said there was "a realization
among the more progressive firms that blacks have money and they represent the
new boom market."

At American Express, Thomas V. Nicolosi, a group vice president and Mr.
Osbourne's boss, said that it was in the early 1990's, after his company
completed a diversity study, that he fully realized that financial services
firms were not adequately serving some ethnic groups. And it has been only in
the last two or three years, he said, that American Express has created
nationwide teams to offer financial education to potential black clients.

As part of its aggressive courting of black investors, American Express this
year began using Tiger Woods, the champion golfer of African-Asian parentage,
and his father, Earl, who is black, as a key part of its marketing strategy in
print and television advertisements.

Likewise, Merrill Lynch started several stock investment programs aimed at
minority-group investors after taking a close look at recent census data and
calculating their growing economic power, according to Dan Haughton, a senior
director for marketing services at the firm. Merrill Lynch has also been hiring
more black stockbrokers.

"Our clients, our shareholders are demanding more and more that our employees
look like them," said Westina Matthews, Merrill Lynch's first vice president and
senior director, who earlier this year was given the responsibility of promoting
diversity at the firm. Though there are still just a handful of
African-Americans in the upper echelons of Wall Street, they include E. Stanley
O'Neal, the chief financial officer of Merrill Lynch, probably the
second-most-prominent black in the industry, after Kenneth I. Chenault,
president and chief operating officer of American Express.

Black-owned investment firms are also getting the message out. Ariel, one of the
biggest, with more than $2.5 billion in funds under management, has set an
ambitious goal. "Our mission is to make the stock market a subject of dinner
conversation in every black home in America," said Mellody Hobson, Ariel's
senior vice president for marketing, when her company and Schwab released the
recent survey. Schwab said it joined Ariel in sponsoring the survey because it
wanted more information on what it saw as an underserved market.

Smaller Nest Eggs

Notwithstanding their budding love affair with stocks, blacks have a long way to
go to catch up with other investors.

While middle- and upper-class Americans of all races have been stampeding into
equities, racking up average gains of 20 percent a year for most of the last
decade, the figures for the overall population indicate that this has brought
more benefits to the white majority. According to 1994 census data, the latest
available, only 6.2 percent of African-Americans owned equities, compared with
23 percent of all Americans.

One reason for that is that more affluent blacks generally save less than their
white counterparts. The Ariel-Schwab survey, for example, showed that black
households with annual incomes of $50,000 or more saved an average of $267 a
month, versus $488 for similar white households. (That comparison, however, is
skewed somewhat by the fact that the black families surveyed had lower average
incomes than the whites -- $75,800, compared with $82,100.) As a result of the
lower rates of stock ownership and savings, the black households in the survey
had accumulated much smaller average retirement nest eggs than white families:
$42,000, compared with $88,000.

Historically, blacks "have had less capital to invest, and the capital they did
have, they took a more conservative strategy than they should have done," said
Christopher J. Williams, an African-American Wall Streeter who left Lehman
Brothers a few years ago to start his own bond business, the Williams Capital
Group.

In addition, he said, many African-Americans until recently "did not have
longstanding employment with companies to get into 401(k) plans." Such plans,
which typically allow an employee to invest automatically in a range of mutual
funds, are the path to first-time equity investments for as many as a quarter of
all investors, according to the Ariel-Schwab poll.

The Unwelcome Mat

As more blacks are tempted by stocks, they face a nerve-jangling quandary:
whether to jump in now as the seven-year bull market shows signs of sputtering,
or to hold back and possibly fall even further behind. Some black investors fear
that they may be the last people to join the party and the first to suffer a
hangover.

"We're getting on board a train that is already moving," said Edgar J. Hicks,
50, an African-American grain broker in Omaha. "My contention is that when this
thing does back off, we may be the ones that get hurt the most, because we are
investing late in the cycle."

Mr. Hicks has joined an investment club that grew out of the African-American
congregation at the Salem Baptist Church in north Omaha. Now in its third year,
the 20-member club has had so-so results in its stock market investments,
despite the market's huge run-up during the period.

"We're doing O.K., but part of our problem is we've bought the popular stocks,"
Mr. Hicks said, meaning shares in companies that already had seen the best of
their gains or that simply were familiar to the group because of their big local
operations. Lucent Technologies was a winner but Calenergy and Union Pacific
have been disappointments.

"There are real pressures on us out here, when the market is running this good,"
he said. "If we aren't participating in this, we are losing."

Mr. Hicks said he first struggled to understand the ins and outs of the stock
market in the 1960's, when he was growing up in Shreveport, La., the son of a
physician. As a young man, he made a disastrous first investment in the Penn
Central Transportation Company, the debt-ridden railroad that ultimately
collapsed in the late 1970's. He said he was drawn to Penn Central because he
was "always interested in the grain market, the railroad, and the outside." But
these vague instincts were no substitute for the tough research that might have
provided the young investor with some inkling of the troubles brewing at the
company.

"The problem I had was, who could give you pointers on how to do it?" Mr. Hicks
said in an interview from his office at DHV Inc. in Omaha. Such information
wasn't easy to come by for a black man; even in the 1970's, he recalled, he was
practically turned away at the entrance of the local office of Merrill Lynch.
"You weren't well-received when you went in there," he said, describing how the
office manager would hurry to meet him at the door and block his way.

(James Wiggins, a Merrill Lynch spokesman, said, "If he was offended in any way,
we'd want to apologize for that, because it's certainly not our policy to treat
anyone badly who comes into our offices.")

Even after 25 years in his business, Mr. Hicks said, he still occasionally feels
that some whites look on him as a curiosity.

"I find it a real struggle," Mr. Hicks said. "People are inquisitive about a
black person being in finance, trading in grain."

More User-Friendly

 Critics of financial services companies say the firms still have a long way to
go in their dealings with minority populations.

Hilary Bailey, a Jamaican-born economist, surveyed 700 fellow members of St.
Paul's Community Baptist Church on Hendrix Street in Brooklyn about their
financial circumstances and habits. Based on the results, he faulted local
financial firms for failing to offer the community a broad-enough array of
services and products, from business loans to retirement investments. Big banks
were the dominant providers of financial services for the people he polled, Mr.
Bailey said, but they mostly sold mortgages and credit cards.

Mr. Osbourne, the American Express broker, says he is trying to change such
patterns. Churches like Mr. Bailey's, he said, are ideal places to promote his
products. "I do a tremendous amount of work with the churches -- that's my
target market," Mr. Osbourne said in an interview at his office in the Kew
Gardens section of Queens. Mr. Osbourne, who says he advises 540 clients, half
of them black, recently sponsored a brunch at Canaan Baptist Church in Harlem
for 55 pastors.

Still, the old resistance can die hard. "There is a mistrust of Wall Street" in
the black community, said Mr. Chapelle, the newsletter publisher. He recalled
how his own father, a lawyer who grew up in the shadow of the Great Depression,
said he "would rather play the horses than invest in the stock market," because
of his fears about the potential for market manipulation by big Wall Street
firms.

"Wall Street may conjure images of opportunity and shared prosperity for white
Americans, but black Americans have generally seen Wall Street as somewhere that
is suspicious," Mr. Chapelle said. "For the most part, Wall Street has never
been a place that has been trying to make investments in black America."

A result, he said, is that "African-Americans are still about 10 years behind
the Money magazine, baby-boomer generation."

Taking the Plunge

While that may be true of the group, a growing number of individuals investing
for the longer term -- especially college-educated blacks -- are keeping up with
the pack. Consider Charles Hicks, a safety engineer with the Ford Motor Company
in Detroit.

Mr. Hicks said he first became interested in investing after college. He and
some of his contemporaries decided to start an investment club, which is still
going strong 18 years later and which he says has achieved compound annual
average returns of close to 30 percent a year. The group has even bought into
radio stations, he said.

Or consider 15 Fund Inc., an investment club in New York City that was created
in 1983 by friends who decided to give up Lotto and try their luck in stocks.

"We used to pool our money to buy lottery tickets," said Mr. Daniels, a founder
of the club, whose members at the time were mainly church workers. "We didn't
win anything. So we said we'll do better if we get into the stock market."

The friends started putting in $25 a month each, said Mr. Daniels, who is now
retired from his job as a journalist with the United Methodist Church in
Manhattan; some have since raised their contributions to $50 or $100. The club
has invested in blue-chip stocks like Coca-Cola Enterprises, the bottling
company, as well as Home Depot and Lucent, to earn average annual returns of 15
percent to 16 percent over the last decade, he added.

The goal of the club, which now has 14 members and belongs to the National
Association of Investment Clubs, is to earn returns of 10 percent to 15 percent
on each stock and to double its money every five years.

Mr. Daniels, who never bought stocks until he became involved in the club, said
black investors' caution about the stock market was understandable. "Anything
that you don't know much about, you're scared about," he said.

But African-Americans have become more sophisticated about stocks in recent
years, he said -- especially the younger generation. Mr. Daniels has bought his
7-year-old grandson some stock in McDonald's, he said, and likes to tell him
that "that's one of your hamburgers you're eating" when they visit the local
outlet.

"I'll do it later with Disney," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos:
Feeling the Pressure
Edgar J. Hicks, who belongs to an investment club in Omaha, worries that blacks
are "getting on board a train that is already moving."

A New Legacy
When J. Fred Acree was growing up, "there wasn't really anyone to make us aware"
of investment options, he said. Now Mr. Acree, a mortgage loan originator in
Winston-Salem, N.C., has a stockbroker.

Showing the Way
"Our mission is to make the stock market a subject of dinner conversation in
every black home in America," said Mellody Hobson, a senior vice president at
Ariel Mutual Funds of Chicago, where John W. Rogers Jr. is president.
(pg. 1)

Alfred G. Osbourne of American Express, addressing an investment workshop at
Morrisania Health Center in the Bronx. Two out of five people who have
individual meetings with him set up a stock-buying plan and "stick to it," he
said. (Don Hogan Charles/The New York Times)(pg. 8)
(Don Hogan Charles/The New York Times)(pg. 9)

Graphs:
...Less Familiar With Financial Tools
Which of the following were owned and used by your family when you were growing
up?

Savings accounts
African-Americans: 42%
Whites: 43%

Checking accounts
African-Americans: 37%
Whites: 52%

Credit cards
African-Americans: 30%
Whites: 27%

Bonds
African-Americans: 22%
Whites: 20%

Stocks
African-Americans: 9%
Whites: 18%

Not sure
African-Americans: 23%
Whites: 15%

...Less Likely to Own Stocks

Do you have any money invested in the stock market?

African-Americans
No: 42%
Yes: 57%
Not sure: 1%

Whites
No: 18%
Yes: 81%
Not sure: 1%

...More Conservative Investors
How would you describe your investing style?

African-Americans
Aggressive: 36%
Conservative: 63%
Not sure: 1%

Whites
Aggressive: 46%
Conservative: 53%
Not sure: 1%

...More Likely to Keep Savings in the Bank
Where do you have the most money?

Banks
African-Americans*: 41%
Whites: 35%

Life insurance
African-Americans*: 26%
Whites: 10%

Brokerage accounts or mutual funds
African-Americans*: 26%
Whites: 51%

Not sure
African-Americans*: 8%
Whites: 4%

*Percentages do not total 100 because of rounding.

...More Disposed to Invest in Real Estate

Which of the following do you think is the best investment over all?

Real estate
African-Americans: 46%
Whites: 32%

Stocks
African-Americans: 32%
Whites: 50%

Bonds
African-Americans: 11%
Whites: 11%

Whole life insurance
African-Americans: 8%
Whites: 3%

Not sure
African-Americans: 3%
Whites: 4%

...Saving and Investing Less

How much money are you investing each month in retirement accounts?

African-Americans: $121 (median)
Whites: $241 (median)

How much money are you saving or investing each month aside from retirement
savings?

African-Americans: $146 (median)
Whites: $236 (median)

Not counting real estate, what is the approximate value of your savings and
investments, including retirement accounts?

African-Americans: $30,000 (median)
Whites: $68,000 (median)

These are findings of a survey on behalf of Ariel Mutual Funds and Charles
Schwab. A total of 1,232 interviews (500 African-Americans and 732 whites) were
conducted Jan. 5-21 this year. All respondents were at least 18 years old and
had a total annual household income of $50,000 or higher. The margin of error is
[1]4.4 percentage points for African-Americans and [1]3.6 percentage points for
whites.

(Source: Yankelovich Partners)(pg. 8)

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              333 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            March 14, 2007 Wednesday

Judgment day for press baron who 'lived life of a billionaire'

BYLINE: DAVID JONES

SECTION: ED 1ST; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 432 words


WHEN he was the world's third most powerful newspaper baron, Conrad Black hung a
photograph of Al Capone on the silk-upholstered walls of his company boardroom.

Today he will enter a Chicago courtroom to answer charges that could see him
jailed for considerably longer than the city's famed gangster.

The former Daily Telepgraph proprietor faces 101 years if found guilty of
racketeering, mail and wire fraud, money laundering, tax violations and
obstructing justice.

His witnesses could include Donald Trump, Henry Kissinger and former U. S.

Assistant Defence Secertary Richard Perle.

But the big question yesterday was whether there will be an appearance by his
glamorous wife, Barbara Amiel, a femme fatale cast in the role of Marie
Antoinette, whose extravagence is matched only by her sexual appeal.

The prosecution will contend that it was her legendary profligacy that was at
the root of Lord Black of Crossharbour's alleged multimillion pilfering.

They will contend that Black flew Amiel to the Polynesian island of Bora Bora on
his private jet, refurbished their unimaginably opulent homes in London,
Florida, New York and Toronto to her lavish tastes, and spent Pounds 20,000 on
her birthday lunch all at shareholders' expense.

One insider said: 'Barbara is loyal to Black to the last, but the decision as to
whether she should show up in court could be a key factor in the case.

'If she arrives, she is bound to dress for the occasion, and won't go unnoticed.
But the sight of the perfumed Lady Black tottering across the room in her Jimmy
Choo shoes would hardly help her husband's cause.' Black, 62, is alleged to have
plundered some Pounds 42million as chairman of Hollinger, a company which owned
hundreds of newspapers in Britain, America, Canada and Australia.

The first, and most serious, allegation is that he and his codefendants sold
dozens of Hollinger's small community newspapers and kept millions of pounds
which should have been divided among shareholders.

They are said to have done this by charging the buyers payments that guaranteed
that Hollinger would not start up new papers in towns where it had just sold and
pocketing the money.

The second tranche of allegations say Black and his cronies defrauded
shareholders by money-laundering, use of electronic equipment, and removing
records to obstruct justice.

Thirdly, the prosecution claims that Black used Hollinger's money as 'a personal
piggy bank' to fund a billionaire's lifestyle.

Black, ennobled by Tony Blair in 2001, denies all the accusations. Jury
selection begins today and the trial should begin in earnest next week.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FLAMBOYANT: BLACK AND WIFE BARBARA AMIEL AT A LONDON FANCY DRESS PARTY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 8, 1993, Friday, City Edition

Black caucus assails GOP welfare reforms

BYLINE: BILL MOSS; ELIZABETH WILLSON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 422 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Reacting angrily to a welfare proposal presented by House Republicans, black
legislators Thursday said the GOP proposal would punish lower income mothers
and their children.

  Members of the black caucus presented their own welfare proposal that
parallels recommendations made by a welfare reform commission this week.

"The punitive nature of what the Republicans want to do, we want to take  out,"
said Rep. Al Lawson, D-Tallahassee, chairman of the black caucus. "You  don't
respond to human beings that way. The punitive nature (of the proposal)  from
our colleagues on the other side of the aisle will not be tolerated.

"Some people want to punish women and children who are poor, as if to  blame
them," he said.

A compromise bill likely will be offered by Rep. Cynthia Chestnut, a  Democrat
from Gainesville who is black, and Rep. George Albright, a Republican  from
Ocala who is white.

The GOP proposal would cut off welfare payments after two years and would  deny
additional benefits if a mother on welfare has another child. Both the
Republican and black caucus proposals would increase job training and
child-care options and extend welfare benefits to married couples with
children.

"What we're really talking about here is changing behavior," said  Republican
Leader Sandra Morthamof Largo. "I don't see how we're going to  reform the
system without taking some drastic measures, because a lot of other  things in
the bill cost money."

The spiraling cost of Aid to Families with Dependent Children has inspired
legislators across the political spectrum to advance ideas for reform. The
program's cost, just over $ 1-billion in the next fiscal year, has more than
doubled in the past eight years.

Florida's AFDC program pays families an average of $ 258 with a maximum  benefit
of $ 303 a month, which ranks Florida 36th in the country.

Black legislators said the Republican effort to eliminate additional money  when
a new baby is born perpetuates myths that AFDC mothers have children to  receive
more money and that the program supports many large families.

In fact, they said, the average size family is 2.7 people. The $ 62  additional
grant when another baby is born would not cover costs of feeding  and caring for
the child, Chestnut said.

People following the welfare reform issue say House Speaker Bo Johnson is
determined to avoid a brutal floor fight during the legislative session.

- Staff writer Elizabeth Willson contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Black caucus chairman Al Lawson

                            Times Publishing Company


                              335 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 24, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Academy grooms black business leaders // Lessons in capitalism

BYLINE: Sharon Stallworth

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 808 words


A network of black executives and entrepreneurs for the next century is forming
in inner-city schools from Trenton, N.J., to Tampa.

Granville Academy, founded in 1983 by a one-time gang leader turned corporate
officer, teaches black youth that they can be a part of, and profit from,
capitalism.

''When that theme was first enunciated in the inner cities, people thought I had
gone nuts,'' says William Granville Jr., one of Mobil Corp.'s highest- ranking
black executives.

Steve McLaine, 20, was in the first class from Ewing (N.J.) High School to
attend Granville Academy. Students in 10 cities meet after school every two
weeks on nearby college campuses to learn the principles of supply and demand,
the importance of science and engineering to business and industry and how to
invest in the stock market.

''Initially, the whole concept of business was somewhat of a mystery to me. I
knew it was associated with big money, but I wasn't sure how to achieve that
type of profession,'' says McClain, a University of Virginia junior studying
English. He already has a job offer from Merrill Lynch, where he interns as a
technical writer.

The academy is a partnership between local colleges that provide classrooms and
lecturers and businesses that donate money, summer jobs and role models - black
executives who represent, for the most part, the first generation of high-level
black professionals in corporate USA. Granville is one of those, a
self-described ''Jackie Robinson man.''

In 1957, Granville was in 11th grade, the brawling head of a New Jersey gang
called the Whips East Trenton Trotters. His guidance counselor's belief that he
was a good kid fallen on bad times kept him out of jail for ''trashing the high
school in a free-for-all rumble'' and rerouted him from an industrial-arts
program to college prep.

The young Granville would have had trouble getting into the academy. ''We don't
have time for youngsters that we really have to correct their behavior and so
on,'' Granville says. ''I want this program to be one of believability - that we
have a new cadre of young people who understand how free enterprise works.''

Applications for the program are sent to schools, churches and fraternal groups
in February. Students and their parents are interviewed in April. Classes begin
in September. Until this year, new students up to 16 years old were accepted.
Now, each new class will consist only of eighth-graders who will enter a
five-year program.

First-year students get overviews of accounting, finance, business law and
ethics, business start-up and planning. Later, they decide whether to
concentrate in science, engineering and technology or finance, accounting and
economics.

''In any public school, the amount of time they spend in the area of economics
and entrepreneurial issues is very, very small,'' says Ron Adams, a Cleveland
economist and chairman of the city's 2-year-old program. ''But every other
Thursday, these kids are in a situation where they're being exposed to the real
world.

''They're going back to their counselors and saying, 'I want to pursue a career
in sales,' 'I want to pursue a career in advertising.' Other kids are saying,
'Gee whiz, I haven't been doing well in school, but now I've got to start taking
this thing seriously.' Business is a discipline.''

Students attending the academy learn to think ahead, says Terra Winston, 18, a
University of Virginia freshman from East Windsor, N.J., majoring in systems
engineering. ''It promotes self-sufficiency. It breeds independence and a
knowledge of what's going on around you.''

The academy does more than provide a new generation of black managers and
executives for big business, says Mannie Jackson, vice president and general
manager of Honeywell and president of the Executive Leadership Council, a group
of top black executives from the nation's largest companies.

''There'll be a nucleus of those kids who will come through and understand it
well enough to become owners and operators. They'll have self- determination.
They won't need the safety of a corporation to work through,'' he says.

The start-up cost for a new program, which is free for the participating
students, is $ 25,000. Sponsors try to raise one-third of the money from the
local community and the rest from corporate, small-business and foundation
funds. Tampa, Detroit, Cleveland, Philadelphia, Washington, and Baltimore and
four cities in New Jersey have Granville programs.

''The academy made a difference to me in the sense that business could be
presented as a possible avenue for me,'' says McLaine. ''Simply knowing that Mr.
Granville had realized that there are black youth that are willing to work and
make their way in the business world was sort of a motivation, an inspiration to
me, that he would take his time out to help us.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color, Robert Deutsch, USA TODAY; PHOTO; color, Piet Van
Lier, AP

CUTLINE: WILLIAM GRANVILLE JR.: Building next generation's black executives.
CUTLINE: ECON 101: Teacher Vernall Shaw, student Jessica Johnson at Cleveland
Granville Academy.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              336 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 19, 1991, Wednesday, City Edition

FAMU head says money unfairly allotted

BYLINE: JAMES HARPER

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 384 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



When you start out behind, it is even harder to get ahead, Florida A & M
University president Frederick Humphries said Tuesday.

       Humphries was complaining about how the state Board of Regents divides
money among the nine state universities. Some of the formulas the board uses
most notably those for library books and new professors discriminate against the
smaller, historically black FAMU, Humphries told Chancellor Charles Reed at a
state university presidents' meeting.

       During Humphries' presidency, FAMU has reversed declining enrollments and
become known for attracting some of the nation's brightest black students. But
its faculty salaries and library collections continue to lag behind those at the
other universities.

       And because what you get from the regents depends in many instances on
what you already have, that situation will continue unless Reed persuades the
regents to change their formulas, Humphries said.

       For instance, universities are allowed to hire a certain number of new
professors to meet increasing enrollments. But the money they are given to do
that is based on their current average faculty salary.

       So the University of Florida, for example, is given $ 55,000 for a new
professor, while FAMU gets only $ 37,000, Humphries said.

       Carl Blackwell, Reed's chief budget assistant, agreed that Humphries has
a problem. But he said it wouldn't be fair to solve it by distributing the
existing pool of money any differently.  Otherwise, older universities would get
less than their average faculty salary, and they would begin to decline.

       The solution might be to ask the Legislature for additional money to
supplement salaries at FAMU and other lower-paying universities, Reed said. That
approach has been used before to FAMU's advantage, Reed said, mentioning extra
money for out-of-state tuition waivers that helped FAMU continue to attract
bright scholarship students.

       Humphries, whose jocular tone among his fellow presidents masked the
competitive edge of his comments, was only partly satisfied.

       "Charlie," he said, "it seems like every formula you all got puts me
last. I think there's something wrong with those formulas."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Frederick Humphries

                            Times Publishing Company


                              337 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 9, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Auto slump slams black dealers

BYLINE: David Sedgwick

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 207 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


The slump in auto sales, tough on dealers everywhere, is hitting minority
dealers hardest.

More than 60 of the 430 black dealers who had Big Three franchises at the
beginning of 1989 have gone out of business. The Black Ford and Lincoln- Mercury
Dealers Association says that 81% of its members are losing money vs. only 9% of
dealers nationwide.

To fend off more failures, Ford Motor Co. has quietly delayed closing some
struggling black dealerships, says Robert Hill of the dealers group. A Ford
spokesman would not comment. ''If some drastic measures aren't taken, we could
lose as many as 30 to 40 more dealers,'' Hill says.

Ford has more black-owned franchises than General Motors and Chrysler combined.
Twenty-six black Ford dealers closed last year, but Ford recruited enough others
to increase black ownership to 257.

All of the Big Three have been trying to increase their rosters of black
dealers, in part at the urging of the Rev. Jesse Jackson. At GM, 36 black
dealers went out of business last year. Chrysler said fewer than 10 dealers
failed. Said GM's Karen Longridge, ''These are difficult times for all of us. We
are making a special effort with minority dealers.''

David Sedgwick writes for The Detroit News.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              338 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     January 7, 1991, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Soviet entrepreneur delves into capitalism

BYLINE: Susan Antilla

SECTION: MONEY; Wall Street; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 636 words


Soviet entrepreneur Mikhail Gulyaev, 24, mostly sings the praises of capitalism.
He loves the idea that he can launch a Soviet company ''with a couple of other
guys'' and thrives on the hustle for capital for his fledgling medical-equipment
venture.

Gulyaev was in New York recently after a four-week course for Soviet managers at
Duke University's Fuqua School of Business.

Q: Tell me about the economics you were taught as a schoolboy.

A: I was not taught economics. I was taught only that you must work for Lenin's
ideas, that I must work maybe for nothing. They taught us there is no happiness
in money, money is bad.

Q: But you like money?

A: Yes, yes.

Q: Tell me how you live and how much money you make.

A: I have a car, a two-room apartment, and I make 1,500 rubles a month. (Average
Moscow pay: 300 rubles a month). You would pay $ 1,000 a month in Manhattan for
my apartment.

Q: You've been in the USA since mid-November. What have you disliked about the
way we do business?

A: In Japan, when they hire someone, they hire for all his life. The U.S. should
do that. And one more: If you work for an enterprise in Japan, you receive the
salary you need. If you become married, they pay you more. If you have a child,
more. I like this system. Here, they pay only for how well you work.

Q: Do you stand in lines back home?

A: No. I buy my food at the (free-pricing) market. There are no lines. But
prices are five or six times state stores'.

Q: Now that you've set up a joint venture with a California medical- equipment
firm, what's next?

A: I work with three guys with degrees in physics and electronics. We will start
to manufacture magnetic-resonance imaging systems (which make computerized
images of the inside of the body without X-rays). We have one order for our
system from Soviet cooperatives for 3 million rubles.

Q: How much is that in dollars?

A: (Laughs) For the black market, it's 20 rubles per dollar. The official rate
is six. I think the black-market rate is more real because you really can buy
dollars at it. We already have capitalism, you know: the black market.

Q: Will today's black-market operators become business leaders because they
understand the free market?

A: Yes, they will be. But nobody wants to recognize it.

Q: Go on.

A: If we sell one machine for 3 million rubles, we can gain great capital, and
with that we can build a plant (employing) about 10 people. Then, I'm going to
sell my imaging machines in Eastern Europe - for hard currency, of course. In
Europe, they have lots of hard currency, and they need these machines. They
can't afford General Electric's machine for $ 1.7 million. But I will sell mine
for $ 400,000 or $ 500,000. It's not as good quality, but it's a lot cheaper.

Q: How did you end up being an entrepreneur in a system just coming out of
communism? Were your parents an influence?

A: No. My father is a scientist in solid-state physics. He's a people's deputy
in the Soviet Congress. I studied physics, biophysics, medicine, chemistry. I
finished school when I was 23. Setting up the company took me half a year. Now
we have an office in the center of Moscow. I don't know how I did it. I worked
hard. I didn't sleep.

Q: How do you get even the little things done as a businessman in Moscow - like
phone connections to your Piedmont, Calif., partners?

A: Phone calls for me are a little easier than for others. I can go to my
father's office. He has a direct line.

Q: Did you ever think of doing business here, where it's easier to make things
happen?

A: No. In the U.S., there are also a lot of difficulties.

Q: Such as?

A: Competitors. You have competitors here. We have no competitors. If I start an
enterprise and there is nobody else in the Soviet Union doing it, then I can be
a monopolist ... for a while.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Peter Morgan, AP; PHOTO; b/w

CUTLINE: GULYAEV: Soviet enjoys the virtues of capitalism.

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              339 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 18, 2009 Wednesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

WIDEN INVESTIGATION

SECTION: NATIONAL; TIMES EDITORIALS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 603 words


Tampa black activist Michelle Patty took to the airwaves earlier this week to
dispute a St. Petersburg Times investigation. The report found she had gone from
a onetime critic of Hillsborough Elections Supervisor Buddy Johnson to an active
campaigner after he funneled $16,000 in taxpayer dollars to her firm for "voter
education." What Patty was hired to do for Johnson is far from clear. But her
defense - surfacing days after the story ran and after she had declined to
answer Times reporters' questions - makes it all the more important that federal
investigators broaden their inquiry of Johnson to determine if he illegally paid
Patty and others.

Johnson's spending of tax dollars is already the focus of an FBI investigation
and at least two ongoing audits by state and local officials. But as Times staff
writers Michael Van Sickler and Jeff Testerman laid out in a March 11 article,
the malfeasance may go deeper. Johnson hired Patty - who has a following in
Tampa's black neighborhoods - after she criticized him Aug. 26, the day of the
primary election, saying he botched voter notification in a black-dominated
precinct. But county employees cannot find a contract for Patty or any memo that
explains why or how she was hired. Several associates told the Times that Patty
campaigned for Johnson - urging friends to vote for him, setting up
meet-and-greets, handing out yard signs and organizing people to stump for
Johnson on Election Day. The about-face coincided with the first of two payments
to her business from the elections office, the Times found.

Private citizens have every right to sell out their name and credibility. If
Patty wanted to talk up Johnson, a Republican, in black, Democratic precincts,
that's fine. But Johnson paid Patty with tax funds, not money from his
re-election account. The money came from more than $2 million in local and
federal tax money Johnson had at his disposal to promote voter turnout. In the
first two weeks of October, Patty received more than $16,000 for "outreach"
work, aided, at times, by a business associate who was a paid consultant to
Johnson's campaign. One person told the Times Patty paid her and others $100
each to stump for Johnson outside polling sites on Election Day.

If Johnson used tax money to campaign, it would violate laws that prohibit
public money from being used to promote partisan purposes. The payments to Patty
came during a critical time in his failed re-election bid. Johnson polled poorly
in black precincts in 2004 and he shared a ballot in 2008 that featured the
country's first black major-party presidential candidate, Barack Obama.
Johnson's challenger, Democrat Phyllis Busansky, was a former county
commissioner who had made inroads with Republicans. The Times had published
stories about Johnson's ethical lapses, mismanagement and wasteful spending.
Though Obama won in Hillsborough, Johnson - who lost - still did better in seven
black precincts than he did in 2004. Patty refused to answer questions from the
Times about her activities. But in a letter to the paper dated Friday, after the
story was published, she wrote there was "no such evidence which suggest
campaigning for Mr. Johnson."

The FBI needs to examine what Patty did and why Johnson paid her tax money. It
also needs to investigate why several other "consultants" were paid tax money to
reach out to voters in black neighborhoods. The lack of a paper trail, the "no
comments" and the serious sums spent on African-American outreach - at least
$155,000, records show - demand an accounting. One certainly has not been
forthcoming from the people involved.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2): Johnson; Patty

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 16, 1994, Thursday

Black 411 service helps callers buy African-American

BYLINE: By Jennifer Ffrench Parker STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section K; Page 3

LENGTH: 340 words


Every chance he gets, Larry Spear tries to buy black.

"African-Americans earn $ 350 billion a year, yet only 7 percent of that money
stays in the black community," Spear said. "If more of that money circulated in
our community we could begin to make an impact on some of the social problems
like high unemployment and poor education."

Spear, 33, is doing his part to help change the status quo with a new telephone
directory service that links consumers with black-owned businesses.

Spear's company, Black Financial Empowerment Inc., launched the Black 411
service in January from his College Park home.

Companies pay $ 200 a year to be listed in the directory. In return, operators
give the companies' names and numbers to callers seeking products and services
from black-owned businesses.

"This is an easy and simple way to find a company," Spear said. "You may not
have a printed directory around, but you can pick up the telephone and ask for a
name and number."

Spear, a former telecommunications company sales manager, and his wife,
Michelle, moved to unincorporated Fulton County in 1992 and didn't have cable
TV.

"We wanted a satellite dish," Spear said. "As a consumer I always try to spend
my money with black-owned businesses. I tried to find a black-owned satellite
dish supplier and couldn't, and then I got to thinking - what if there was a
directory assistance I could call?"

Spear and a former colleague, Tony Hylton, created a computer program to run the
system and put it on line in January with a list of 15 companies.

Today, the company fields up to 200 calls a month and has a directory of 63
Atlanta companies, among them stores, banks, real estate brokers, lawyers and
print shops. Aleta Spence, who signed up her stock- brokerage firm, Smart
Capital Management, with Black 411 in April, said it has already sent her four
callers.

"The message is finally getting through that we need to bring money back into
our community and help build it up," Spence said.

The Black 411 number is 1-800-335-5411.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941730127

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Larry Spear

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              341 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 16, 1994, Thursday

Black 411 service helps callers buy African-American

BYLINE: By Jennifer Ffrench Parker STAFF WRITER

SECTION: EXTRA; Section K; Page 3

LENGTH: 340 words


Every chance he gets, Larry Spear tries to buy black.

"African-Americans earn $ 350 billion a year, yet only 7 percent of that money
stays in the black community," Spear said. "If more of that money circulated in
our community we could begin to make an impact on some of the social problems
like high unemployment and poor education."

Spear, 33, is doing his part to help change the status quo with a new telephone
directory service that links consumers with black-owned businesses.

Spear's company, Black Financial Empowerment Inc., launched the Black 411
service in January from his College Park home.

Companies pay $ 200 a year to be listed in the directory. In return, operators
give the companies' names and numbers to callers seeking products and services
from black-owned businesses.

"This is an easy and simple way to find a company," Spear said. "You may not
have a printed directory around, but you can pick up the telephone and ask for a
name and number."

Spear, a former telecommunications company sales manager, and his wife,
Michelle, moved to unincorporated Fulton County in 1992 and didn't have cable
TV.

"We wanted a satellite dish," Spear said. "As a consumer I always try to spend
my money with black-owned businesses. I tried to find a black-owned satellite
dish supplier and couldn't, and then I got to thinking - what if there was a
directory assistance I could call?"

Spear and a former colleague, Tony Hylton, created a computer program to run the
system and put it on line in January with a list of 15 companies.

Today, the company fields up to 200 calls a month and has a directory of 63
Atlanta companies, among them stores, banks, real estate brokers, lawyers and
print shops. Aleta Spence, who signed up her stock- brokerage firm, Smart
Capital Management, with Black 411 in April, said it has already sent her four
callers.

"The message is finally getting through that we need to bring money back into
our community and help build it up," Spence said.

The Black 411 number is 1-800-335-5411.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942010127

GRAPHIC: Photo: Mug shot of Larry Spear

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              342 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Florida: Movement for Black Lives demands a better democracy

LENGTH: 532  words

DATELINE: New York



 Tallahassee: Common Cause Holding Power Accountable, The State of Florida has
issued the following news release:



   Good news! Leaders from the Black Lives Matter Movement are putting democracy
reform issues into their policy platform.





 The Movement for Black Lives, an organization including more than 60 advocacy
groups that are part of the movement, recently released "A Vision for Black
Lives: Policy Demands for Black Power, Freedom and Justice." The platform
includes six core demands and 40 policy priorities. One of the
demands,"Political Power,"  calls for "a remaking of the current U.S. political
system in order to create a real democracy where Black people and all
marginalized people can effectively exercise full political power."



 To achieve this vision, the agenda demands:



     the end of money controlling politics;

     voting rights;

     universal access to the internet.



 The platform also calls for overturning the Supreme Court's Citizens United
decision and for sensible limits on big money in elections.



 The Movement for Black lLives says these reforms are necessary to improve the
lives of African Americans. "The dominance of big money in our politics makes it
far harder for poor and working-class Black people to exert political power and
effectively advocate for their interests as both wealth and power are
consolidated by a small, very white, share of the population," the platform
asserts.



 The Movement for Black Lives partnered with Demos, a New York-based reform
group, on research which demonstrates that the underrepresentation of Black
people is partially driven by constraints on their entry onto the ballot. The
research concluded that "although people of color are 37 percent of the U.S.
population, 90 percent of our elected leaders are white. White men are just 31
percent of the population but 65 percent of elected officials. At the other end
of the spectrum, women of color hold just 4 percent of elected positions in
spite of being 19 percent of the population."



 To reach their goals, the Movement for Black Lives provided numerous solutions
that people can promote on a local, state, and national level. They support
implementation of public finance systems to pay for state and local political
campaigns, plus initiatives such as the Government By the People Act (H.R.20)
and the Fair Elections Now Act (S.2023), that would allow congressional
candidates to run successful campaigns with a base of small dollar donors.



 The release of these policy demands comes as the Black Lives Matter movement
approaches the two-year anniversary of the death of Michael Brown, an
African-American man whose death at the hands of a police officer in Ferguson,
MO helped propel the movement to national prominence. The demands signify the
movement's growth and vision for the next presidential administration and
Congress.



 Common Cause agrees that these reforms would strengthen our democracy so that
it can best represent everyone.  For more information, visit the Movement for
Black Lives website and their Political Power demands section.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 27, 1984, Thursday, Final Edition

MOOLAH, Y'ALL

BYLINE: COURTLAND MILLOY

SECTION: District Weekly; Courtland Milloy; DC1

LENGTH: 708 words


The song has been around for a while, but every time I hear Chuck Brown and the
Soul Searchers sing about money, my pockets start to burn. " . . . And if I ever
get my hands on a dollar again I'm gonna squeeze it till the eagle grins." I
need money.

Maybe its because there has been so much of the stuff around town lately.
Michael Jackson left just dripping with money -- and some of it was mine. By the
time he gets back to Los Angeles in November he will have made more than $100
million. I'm talking moolah, ya'll, to quote Brown.

Outside the Treasury Department this week, the world's finance ministers and
bankers lined the streets -- looking for money -- while riding around watching
soap operas and sipping scotch in stretch limousines. There are poor countries
in this world, but somebody out there has moolah, ya'll.

Now, comes the Congressional Black Caucus for a weekend legislative session to
deal with the fact that three-fourths of the black American population is poor.
But it will cost $200 a plate to hear a keynote speaker say that they need
money.

It seems like everybody wants moolah, ya'll.

A Washington Post-ABC news survey published this week showed that financial
self-interest appeared to be the dominating voter issue in the 1984 presidential
campaign. Voters who say they think they would be better off personally under
Ronald Reagan support him regardless of how they feel on most other issues.

Get this: Voters who feel that Mondale and not Reagan would make sure that
government programs are fair to all, still think they would be better off
financially with Reagan as president. Those surveyed on that question favored
Reagan 71 percent to 21 percent.

Also, voters who think Mondale would do better than Reagan in reducing the
threat of nuclear war, still think that they would be better off financially
under Reagan. They favor Reagan by 68 to 31 percent.

The same polling data show that blacks are also responding to the craving for
cash, and as a result, black support for Reagan has risen from three percentage
points to 11 percent since last spring.

Take a trip to Friendship Heights on the Metro and what will you find? Saks and
I Magnin selling neckties for $100 to folks who wear $600 suits. Along the way
you see mink coats, Mercedes-Benz cars and posh homes. It only takes moolah,
ya'll.

The school superintendent in neighboring Fairfax County, which has some of the
richest families in the country, has been promised a contract for $145,000. That
makes him the highest paid superintendent in the nation. It just goes to show:
moolah that goes around, comes around.

"I'm gonna lay it right on the line," sings Chuck Brown, "a dollar bill is a
friend of mine." What he means is that the moolah craze is upon us. For poor
people, not having any moolah is part of it. On the other hand, a few coins have
trickled down and, like a taste of honey, it has made us want more.

Higher wages and salaries and an increase in interest payments recently pushed
personal incomes up by 0.8 percent, according to the Commerce Department. Robert
Ortner, chief economist at Commerce, says that, "For the time being, all systems
are go."

The increase in wages reflects the improvements being made in the job market as
unemployment drops and workers start getting paychecks again. All in all, most
people have some pretty good reasons to be satisfied. Economist Allen Sinai
poses the question, "Who could ask for more?"

Well, the answer to that is the needy -- not the greedy. While both black and
white family incomes have shifted upward recently, black families have done so
at a slower pace and the gap between blacks and whites shows no sign of
diminishing.

Widespread disparities continue to exist in the labor force participation and
unemployment rates of blacks and whites. Not only have the incomes of blacks
remained substantially lower than those of whites but blacks have consistently
been three times more likely to live below the poverty line.

But I have yet to meet a poor person who didn't think that a job was their best
bet for improvement. Poor people like money like everybody else. As the saying
goes, "Money can't buy everything." That's true, but what it can't buy, I can't
use.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              344 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                      September 1, 2002 Sunday PS1 EDITION

Warnings of trouble at chamber;
GRANT PROCESS EXAMINED IN S.J. PROGRAM'S WOES

BYLINE: Kate Folmar Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1092 words


In an attempt to reach out to minority communities with tobacco-settlement
money, the city of San Jose awarded a lucrative grant to the Silicon
Valley/Santa Clara County Black Chamber of Commerce, a small institution with
little experience managing a lot of cash.

By doing so, San Jose lawmakers went against the advice of their staffers. Now
the black chamber is under police and city auditor scrutiny for how the grant
was used.

The black chamber received the $839,000 Tech Q grant to teach free computer
classes to displaced workers. It was among the largest awards in the first round
of distributions from the city's $10 million annual share of a settlement from
tobacco companies.

In the months after the December 2000 decision, city officials received several
warnings about the chamber's health, from its trouble meeting grant-reporting
deadlines to missed rent payments to the city.

But the city didn't take action until black community leaders publicly alleged
in August that chamber president and board member Kenneth Jackson funneled grant
money into his company -- something he vigorously denies.

A Mercury News review of the situation paints a portrait of a non-profit group
in trouble and city officials who seemed unaware of -- or unable to solve -- the
black chamber's woes before or after approving the grant.

Jackson has refused to discuss his business dealings but says he's confident the
audit -- which the black chamber requested -- will clear his name.

"All the money was used to provide technological services to the under-served
community -- that little message seems to get lost in everything," said Jackson,
who left his post as the black chamber president in early August. "All the money
was used to purchase computers, hire instructors and run programs. Every last
dollar."

Several city officials and a businessman who has done a preliminary review of
the chamber's books for the Tech Q grant say it does not appear that Jackson
misappropriated money.

Still, Jackson's business practices -- which included running his business,
Innetix, out of the chamber's offices for a time -- have drawn scrutiny to the
black chamber and its handling of city-grant funding.

The chamber -- under new leadership and seeking to expand -- was on uneven
footing when it went after the Tech Q grant in late 2000. It experienced
habitual struggles filing required paperwork for a series of smaller city grants
it received from mid-1994 to mid-2001. Cora Velasco, a city parks department
superintendent who manages grants, said it is fairly common for small non-profit
groups to have difficulty filing reports on time, but that the black chamber's
problems were more persistent than most.

San Jose staffers recommended against funding the $1.1 million initial Tech Q
request, giving it a score of 49 out of 100 points, city records show. They
lauded the program for offering an important service, but criticized the
proposal for not outlining how the training schedule would work or how it would
coordinate with other job training programs.

The grant, awarded at the recommendation of the Healthy Neighborhoods Venture
Fund steering committee, came at a time when the city was on a tight timeline to
distribute the tobacco-settlement money, participants recalled.

Lawmakers said they awarded the grant because Tech Q was an innovative program
that met the city's goal of using part of the money to provide education
opportunities for diverse groups of people. They also stress that the chamber
was under new leadership -- with Jackson newly at the helm when the grant was
awarded.

"With this being the first round, perhaps we were not as thorough as we should
have been," said San Jose Councilwoman Pat Dando who -- along with former
colleagues Alice Woody and Charlotte Powers -- sat on the committee that
recommended which programs to fund with the first year's allotment of
tobacco-settlement cash. "Any time there is a new program, I think you learn and
get better with each cycle."

The councilwoman said she hopes the investigations will help the chamber get
back on its feet, and added that an audit could show the city how to improve its
grant process.

Councilwoman Cindy Chavez -- who sits on the healthy neighborhoods committee,
but was not on the committee when Tech Q was first funded -- said it would be
unrealistic for the city to try to conduct extensive background checks on all
grant applicants.

"This is a $2 billion organization, and we give away literally millions and
millions and millions of dollars a year trying to improve the quality of life"
in San Jose, she said.

After the grant was awarded, the black chamber's problems seemed to quicken:

* In February 2001, the city denied funding on a separate Tech Q Community
Development Block Grant request for $679,000. A staff report on the application
said the proposal did not meet the grant criteria and cited the black chamber's
previous management problems submitting reports on time.

* The chamber last paid rent on its East St. John Street offices to the city in
June 2001, and now owes more than $45,000, according to the city redevelopment
agency.

* Last fall, the city received two oral complaints about the chamber, Velasco
said. One alleged that a participant in the incubator program lost his office
space to make room for Innetix. Another was from a former employee who was
concerned that his withholding varied from week to week on his pay stubs. After
checking with the city attorney's office, the city's parks department staff
started to probe the first report, but not the second because the employee had
also contacted state authorities, she said.

Jackson confirmed that Innetix did run out of the chamber for an unspecified
amount of time, but said there was "nothing illegal or improper about it,"
because the black chamber wasn't receiving any city funding at the time..

* In July, a chamber employee sent out a letter of complaint, alleging numerous
instances of fiscal mismanagement, including checks the writer claimed were
improper payments made from Tech Q funds. Soon thereafter, black leaders held a
news conference calling for the non-profit group's board to step down.

Interim chamber president and board member Norwita Powell said she believes the
group can recover after restructuring. Tech Q classes, funded with the remaining
grant money, are expected to start up again within the next two weeks.

Contact Kate Folmar at kfolmar@sjmercury.com or (408) 286-0264.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            September 1, 2006 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

HISPANICS' POWER TO BUY GROWS

BYLINE: By Vicky Eckenrode Morris News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 553 words


ATLANTA - Hispanics for the first time are spending as much as black consumers
in the United States, according to an economic report released Friday.

Nationally, Hispanics are expected to have enough disposable income to match
blacks this year and continue growing, the annual multicultural spending study
conducted by the University of Georgia's Selig Center for Economic Growth
showed.

The study, the only one of its kind to examine buying power by race and ethic
groups, looks at how much money consumers have after taxes available to purchase
everything from clothing to food.

As their population continues to grow in the United States, Hispanics are
expected to hold about $798 billion this year of potential spending money, which
is almost as much as the $799 billion black consumers have available.

"In 2007, Hispanics will actually overtake the African-American buying power in
terms of dollars," said Jeff Humphreys, the report's author and the Selig
Center's director.

Major corporations continue to take notice of that growing customer base. For
example, the paper and building products giant Georgia-Pacific Corp. launched a
full marketing program this year targeting Hispanic contractors and customers.
The campaign includes a Web site in Spanish, bilingual how-to clinics and visits
to family-oriented grassroots events.

"It's a culturally-relevant program," said Monica Morales, the company's
marketing business development manager for its building products. "We have solid
research that shows us it's definitely a target that we care about and we should
take care of."

Despite the gains made in Hispanic spending nationally, black consumers in
Georgia continue to control the most disposable income of all minority groups in
the state.

"Georgia is a sweet spot in the nation in terms of marketing to African-American
consumers," Mr. Humphreys said, citing the group's size and growth rate.

Blacks in Georgia will hold $54.4 billion this year. Only New York, Texas and
California have more money circulating from black consumers. Georgia also showed
a 237 percent growth in buying power among blacks since 1990, the 11th strongest
expansion in the country.

"None of the states with larger black markets are growing at that pace," Mr.
Humphreys said.

One reason is the state's ability to continue attracting middle- and upper-class
blacks to Georgia, said Virgil Scott, a marketing consultant with Atlanta-based
Anderson Communications.

"I think there are several brands that are already recognizing there's a
difference in Georgia than the national market," he said. "Georgia, particularly
Atlanta, has long produced college educated African Americans. Atlanta for many
people has become the new standard for better black living."

Though the gap between black and Hispanic disposable income is wider in Georgia
than other parts of the country, total spending power for Hispanics has
ballooned rapidly in the state - rising more than 830 percent since 1990.

"For companies looking for new territory to expand, Georgia looks good," Mr.
Humphreys said pointing out that Hispanic buying power is now at $12 billion,
surpassing what he considers the critical mass mark.

Asian spending also has grown significantly - up nearly 565 percent since 1990 -
but still holds only a 2.8 percent of the total buying power in Georgia.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   Mail Today

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Customs intelligence officers to be posted abroad

BYLINE: Mail Today Bureau in New Delhi

LENGTH: 384  words


THE government has decided to post more customs intelligence officers abroad to
check tradebased money laundering and other commercial frauds as part of the
offensive against black money.

The finance ministry has formed a panel of eligible candidates drawn from Indian
Revenue Service ( Customs and Central Excise).

The ministry will be conducting an interview this month to shortlist officers,
official sources said.

The selected persons will be posted in Customs Overseas Intelligence Network (
COIN) units and help in checking black money especially through fraudulent trade
transactions.

The decision assumes significance amid demands of intensifying efforts from the
government to check black money.

A finance ministry report on black money has recommended expanding and
strengthening the scope and reach of COIN offices to check suspicious trade
transactions. Selected officers will be posted in existing COIN units, sources
added.

The Directorate of Revenue Intelligence ( DRI), lead agency to check customs
frauds, has detected various cases of tradebased money laundering in the recent
past, the sources said.

Currently, there are nine COIN officers posted in Dubai, Hong Kong, Kathmandu,
London, New York, Moscow, Singapore and Brussels. Besides, a proposal for
creation of seven COIN units is pending with the ministry of external affairs.

Of these, three COIN units have been proposed in Colombo, Dhaka and Bangkok to
keep an eye on the smuggling of fake Indian currency notes, they said.

Four such snoop units have been proposed in Beijing and Guangzhou ( both China),
Brasilia ( Brazil) and Pretoria ( South Africa), the sources said.

Indian customs authorities have been getting results from COIN officers in New
York, London, Hong Kong and Moscow, the sources added.

Transactions by several companies in the export and import business have
recently come under scanner of Central economic intelligence agencies for
alleged money laundering and tax evasion.

According to sources, DRI officials have found details of suspicious trade
transactions by some firms in cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Surat and Ludhiana
which were manipulating import and export invoices to generate black money. Such
cases will be more closely examined with the posting of thee officials.

Govt targets trade- based money laundering

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2015 Mail Today, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               January 6, 2000, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

PAY PLAYERS? ONLY IF THEY GRADUATE

BYLINE: Fred McKissack

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B7

LENGTH: 688 words



COLLEGE ATHLETICS

WHEN it comes to college basketball, an absurd amount of money is floating
around out there in search of glory. But athletes still get the short end of the
stick.

The NCAA recently penned a $ 6 billion, 11-year deal with CBS for rights to
televise its basketball tournament.

The athletes, however, aren't sharing in the success. Last year's NCAA
tournament winner, University of Connecticut, managed to graduate just 29
percent of its team members between 1994 and 1997.

If you think that's jarring, consider this: Ohio State, Syracuse, Temple, Texas
and Cincinnati -- all tournament teams -- did not graduate one black player in
1999.

Being a black basketball player at the Division I level is as close to being a
show horse as you can get. According to Emerge magazine, which posts the bottom
50 graduation rates of NCAA Division I basketball programs, 38 schools did not
graduate a black player in 1998.

Virginia Commonwealth University has the dubious distinction of graduating 100
percent of its white players -- and no blacks.

From 1995 to 1999, Ohio State graduated 100 percent of its female basketball
players.

From 1994 to 1997, the same school graduated 31 percent of its male basketball
players, and none of them was black.

Then there is the University of Minnesota basketball team, which turned a blind
eye to some of the most brazen academic fraud imaginable, until the St. Paul
Pioneer Press broke the story. A tutor for the athletic department wrote more
than 400 papers for basketball players in the mid- to late '90s.

Many NCAA teams don't care about educating their athletes. They just want them
to perform.

In a piece published last March, the St. Petersburg Times reported that NCAA
officials were "greatly distressed by the sport's dismal graduation rates." But
what are they doing about it?

In the same story, coaches and athletic directors rated academic performance
behind such concerns as preventing gambling, improving recruiting, establishing
good terms with pro agents and bagging endo rsements from shoe companies.

YOU have to wonder where the loyalties of college coaches and athletic directors
lie. They claim that if you lower admission standards, you have a wider net to
cast when recruiting athletes, especially inner-city hoopsters. With a wider
net, you hope to build a winning record. Build a winning record, you keep your
job. If you push for tougher standards, the net shrinks.

This is nonsense. Look at Duke, a perennial top team. Duke graduated 100 percent
of its black athletes and 71 percent of its white ones over a six-year period in
the 1990s.

If Duke can do it, why can't other schools?

The NCAA has its priorities all wrong. In November it suspended five players
from Central Connecticut State University's men's basketball team -- including
the team captain -- for the high crime of using some of their scholarship money
to help non-scholarship teammates buy school books.

Not drugs. Not cars. Not stolen stereos. School books.

Yes, we all have rules to live and abide by, but this is just the sort of
overreaction that gets people to wondering what's wrong with college basketball.

And what's wrong with it is simple: A plantation mentality governs the game.

There is talk of paying players a sum of money upon finishing their eligibility
for playing college basketball.

It's a plan I'm ambivalent about, primarily because I fear such a plan would
further the notion that Division I basketball is a de facto minor league for the
NBA, with more than a few young men more capable of correctly reading a defense
than reading Mark Twain.

Still, for schools that are making a fortune off the talents of these kids, a
few thousand dollars is a drop in the bucket.

And if the schools were truly interested in educating their athletes, they could
tie the pay to graduation.

Like millions of fans, I'm more than willing to drink beer and eat bowls of
nachos as I watch college ball. It's great entertainment.

Maybe it's time to pay the entertainers -- and not just the schools that exploit
them.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: Commentary Column

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              348 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 11, 1990, Tuesday, City Edition

"A moratorium on excuses'

BYLINE: PEGGY PETERMAN

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1205 words



Out of the pain found in African-American communities nationwide, a source of
hope has surfaced through the coming together of more than 100 black
organizations.

    The newly formed National Association of Black Organizations (NABO), plans
to restore the economic, moral and cultural fiber of black communities.

    "Black America is in a crisis," NAACP executive director Benjamin Hooks said
in a letter calling for a meeting last month.  "Many groups are waging fierce
but fragmented skirmishes in the battle to save our people, but none has the
resources to independently win the war we must take control of our own destiny.
We have a moral responsibility to attack the problems afflicting our community,
with the best weapon at our disposal black unity."

    Months before the meeting was called, Hooks hired Gregory Huskisson, 34,
urban affairs reporter at the Detroit Free Press, who is now on loan to
coordinate NABO. Huskisson, a graduate of Morehouse College in Atlanta, with a
master's in journalism from Northwestern University, was made executive
consultant to Hooks.  Hooks is chairman of NABO's steering committee.

    Black organizational heads not only agreed to meet, they sent enthusiastic
notes to the NAACP headquarters in Baltimore: "It's about time we got together "
"Let's go for it "

    It was with that same energy and enthusiasm that they met at Howard
University's Howard Inn in Washington, D.C. Meeting at the hotel, owned by this
historically black college, was the beginning of the group's commitment to meet
in a black establishment and spend their money with a black institution.

    Representatives of civic, business, religious and professional organizations
flooded the Inn. They included the National Urban League, the Congress of
National Black
 Churches, Alpha Kappa Alpha and Delta Sigma Theta sororities, the Progressive
National Baptist Convention, the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, the
National Black Caucus of Local Elected Officials and several black college
presidents.

    Hooks, former U.S. congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, television producer Tony
Brown and Jesse Jackson were some of the speakers.

    Since emancipation, black people have called several summits when their
communities were in crisis, but this is the first time a formal organization has
been established.

    In addition to forming NABO, a non-partisan national association, the group
also drafted a position paper, objectives and a more defined analysis of the
plight of African-Americans from information gathered at workshops.     The
steering committee will meet this month, and the national group possibly early
next year.

    Issues plaguing the black community that NABO will address include health
care, family dissolution, education, poverty, housing, the homeless, the black
male as an endangered species, crime, teen pregnancy and drug abuse.

    To address these problems, NABO will:

    Establish a communications network for sharing and disseminating
information.

    Maximize the human and financial resources of communities.

    Develop a black brain trust of people specializing in various fields.  This
group will research, analyze and make recommendations on the socio-economic
concerns affecting the black community and devise strategies to address those
concerns.

    Identify and replicate effective self-help programs in local communities.

    Develop strategies for strengthening support of African-American
institutions.

     As coordinator of this fledgling organization, Huskisson has fulfilled a
personal dream to make a definitive contribution to the black community.

     "In the meeting, it was decided that we cannot depend wholly on President
Bush or the Supreme Court or corporate America to resolve the problems within
the inner city," Huskisson says. "We have to do more collectively for ourselves,
if we are to survive as a people."

    "We recognize that it's time for black America to stop making excuses,"
Huskisson says. "In one of Hooks' speeches, he called for a "Moratorium on
excuses."'
 To implement some of the objectives, Huskisson says the organization will
search for and find effective programs that have been started in black
communities and disseminate information throughout the group.

    For example, the black community has charged for years that black students
in public school systems nationwide were being miseducated.

    Huskisson says NABO may consider implementing after-school or weekend
programs that would teach a variety of subjects including reading, mathematics
and black history.

    Black people and organizations also will be urged to spend more of their
money in the black community.

    "The black community has a aggregate annual income, or purchasing power, of
about $ 260-billion a year," Huskisson says. "In other ethnic communities, the
dollar turns over (among their own people) 10 or 12 times. In the black
community, the dollar turns over about 1 times. Then it comes to another ethnic
group outside of the community.

    "An example of maximizing, is to get black churches to put at least half of
their money in black banks," Huskisson explains. "Black banks in turn would be
able to hire more black people and create  more black entrepreneurs."

    To develop a brain trust, NABO will gather the best and brightest minds in
black America sociologists, psychologists, civil rights workers and professional
analysts to plan strategies on issues affecting the black community.

    The organization will be self-supporting, maintaining itself through money
given from member organizations on a rotating, fair-share basis. It would be
prorated among permanent and rotating board members.

    "Most of the delegates were not in favor of looking for government support,
or money from corporate foundations," Huskisson says.  "They felt it was almost
inconsistent that you would talk about unity, self-reliance, black
self-determination and have to go to the Ford Foundation or the federal
government to get money to sustain the organization."

    Any organization that wants to be a part of the group can write or call
Huskisson at the NAACP national headquarters in Baltimore.

    Huskisson says NABO is also appealing for any information on successful
programs or projects operating in black communities nationwide. The information
will be documented and presented to NABO members.

    "The whole idea of organizing has met with incredible enthusiasm by all of
the organizations that participated," Huskisson says. "The meeting was very
successful and very well attended. It's a diverse organization with a lot of
energy and the people are ready to go. I think it's about time."
 For information about NABO, write the National Association of Black
Organizations (NABO), Attention: Benjamin Hooks, 4805 Mount Hope Drive,
Baltimore, Md. 21215, (301) 358-8900

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press photo EDWIN H. REMSBERG;
Benjamin Hooks; Gregory Huskisson

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              349 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 14, 1996, Sunday, Tampa Edition

Fake officers cheat seniors

SECTION: TAMPA TODAY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 288 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Three people calling themselves police officers bilked two elderly women out  of
more than $ 5,000 this week, in a familiar scam that targets senior  citizens,
police said Friday.

The impersonators called both women at their homes Monday, telling them  they
were police officers investigating the women's banks, said Detective  Leroy
Black.

The "officers" then told the women their money was in jeopardy and asked  them
to withdraw it and wait for another officer to visit their homes. When  the men
arrived at the women's homes, they secretly replaced the money in the  women's
envelopes with newspaper clippings and left with the loot, Black said.

One male caller, "Lt. Clark," and one female caller contacted both women
Monday, Black said. A second man made the home visits. On one visit, the man
wore a gun belt and gun and flashed a fake police badge, Black said.

One victim, 84, lost her entire life savings - $ 5,000 - after she withdrew  it
from Village Bank, 2770 W Hillsborough Ave., and the "officer" made the  switch.
A 74-year-old woman withdrew $ 475 from a Barnett Bank in Sulphur  Springs; she
discovered the theft when she returned to the bank to redeposit  the money.

"I would say (the impersonators are) probably the same people," Black  said.

Black warned that real police officers would never ask someone to withdraw
money from a bank, and encouraged bank officers to question elderly customers
who are withdrawing large sums. Children of elderly parents are also asked to
make them aware of the scams.

"Hopefully there's a special place in hell for people that would take  advantage
of the elderly like these people did," said Steve Cole, police  spokesman.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA TODAY

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              350 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 21, 1988, Monday, Late City Final Edition

Timing Helps Decker Bid, Traders Say

BYLINE: By ROBERT J. COLE

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 819 words


Through a quirk of timing, the Black & Decker Corporation stands a fairly good
chance of winning a battle to take over American Standard Inc., even though it
is trailing in a bidding contest by more than $30 million, traders said
yesterday.

Traders maintain that because Black & Decker, one of the nation's leading makers
of power tools, would be able to pay stockholders for American Standard's shares
two weeks ahead of anyone else, shareholders might well choose to lock in a sure
thing and sell their stock to Black & Decker in spite of the lower price.

The unusual development began unfolding last Thursday when American Standard
gave up a two-month fight to prevent a takeover and accepted an offer of $78 a
share, or $2.5 billion in cash, from Kelso & Company, a Manhattan investment
house.

Kelso had submitted the highest bid for American Standard, known for its
plumbing fixtures, in a supposedly secret auction sale. But Black & Decker had
told directors the same day that it was prepared to pay $77 a share, or only $1
a share less than Kelso.

The $32 Million Question

Since American Standard has about 32.2 million shares, stockholders would
collect $32.2 million more from Kelso than from Decker.

Despite the secrecy of Black & Decker's bid in the auction sale, the offer
spread quickly to Wall Street, where professionals speculated that it could take
the prize away from Kelso if Black & Decker took its offer directly to
shareholders.

In what many took to be a reflection of this sentiment, American Standard stock
was off 50 cents on Friday, to $75.875, slightly less than Black & Decker's
offer to directors. If traders had felt more certain about the Kelso offer, the
stock would have traded between $77 and $78.

As professionals explained it, Black & Decker has a strong time advantage over
Kelso, and for traders, time means money. Moreover, any time there is a new
bidder, such as Kelso, Wall Street pros begin worrying about how soon they will
get paid.

Black & Decker made its original tender offer for American Standard in January -
$56 a share, or $1.8 billion. By the close of trading Friday, when the offer was
only hours away from expiration, Black & Decker's offer had climbed to $73 a
share, or $2.35 billion.

After the close, Black & Decker announced what many traders thought might happen
- that it was raising its tender offer to $77 a share. Under securities
regulations the offer is automatically extended for 10 business days, which
would mean until midnight, April 1.

Kelso's own tender offer of $78 a share starts today, but while the rules
provide for an additional 10 business days when an offer is increased, new
tender offers must remain open to stockholders for 20 business days.

This means Kelso would be unable to pay shareholders until midnight on April 15,
while Black & Decker would be able to pay two weeks earlier.

Professional traders, who own a huge block of American Standard, see the dilemma
this way:

Black & Decker is unlikely to get all of American Standard's stock through its
tender offer because some shareholders never follow the situation. But it might
easily get more than 51 percent, which would be enough to give it control. Past
experience suggests that anyone who does not submit his stock for payment in the
beginning would have to wait for a merger of the two companies before collecting
- and that might take a month from the time the company gets control.
Consequently, the reasoning goes, traders who think they might have to wait may
decide to take less money now to prevent losing money later.

Based on an estimate that traders try to earn 3 percent a month on their money,
a month's wait for $77 a share works out to more than $2 in lost income. If, on
the other hand, they wait for $78 from Kelso, they lose the use of their money
for half a month, or $1 a share. Moreover, traders said, because some of Kelso's
financing arrangements are still being worked out, there is an added element of
uncertainty. But people close to Kelso and the First Boston Corporation, which
advised Kelso, said, ''We're quite confident we'll have our financing and that
we'll prevail.''

Black & Decker, meanwhile, has an unusual problem of its own. Under a Federal
District Court decision in Wilmington, Del., last week, Judge Joseph J.
Longobardi ruled that all bidders could use some $4 a share in severance
payments and excess pension funds to increase their bids.

Thus Black & Decker, which had been bidding $73, added the $4 provided by the
court to make it $77.

But even that isn't the end of it. The $77 in the tender offer is actually more
expensive than the $77 offered to directors, because once American Standard and
Kelso signed their merger deal, Kelso and First Boston collected preliminary
fees amounting to about a dollar a share. As a result, should Black & Decker
win, its cost might be $78 a share after all.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              351 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 30, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Urgent Business of the House

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 617 words


All that stands between the House of Representatives and a fair vote on campaign
finance reform is 13 signatures. History will justifiably fault this Congress
for negligence if the long fight to reduce the baleful influence of soft money
on American politics fails because a handful of House members lost their nerve.

In four hectic days before adjournment in early August, supporters of the
Shays-Meehan campaign finance reform bill collected 205 signatures of the 218
needed on a discharge petition that would force a floor vote on the measure. The
petition became necessary when Dennis Hastert, the House speaker, removed
Shays-Meehan from consideration after a bitter fight in July over the rules
governing debate. Mr. Hastert's ultimate objective is to kill Shays-Meehan,
which would restrict unregulated donations from corporations, labor unions and
wealthy individuals and thus destroy a campaign financing system that he and his
confederates have grown to know and love.

Theoretically, the 13 signatures should not be hard to find when the House
returns to work next week. In both 1998 and 1999, for example, 252 members voted
for the bill, a clear majority. But the legislative dynamics are trickier now.
In the two earlier votes, members who were lukewarm about Shays-Meehan could
support the bill in the expectation that reform would die in the Senate -- which
it did, twice. This time around, the Senate has passed its own reform bill,
McCain-Feingold, so the responsibility for further progress rests with the
House.

So far, the discharge petition has been signed by 189 Democrats, 1 independent
and 15 Republicans who have shown the gumption to defy their leaders. One
possible source of some signatures is the Congressional Black Caucus. Of the 21
Democrats who have not signed the petition, 11 are members of the caucus --
nearly one-third of the caucus membership. They argue that soft money is
essential to get-out-the-vote drives. They also assert that soft money allows
black candidates to compete with wealthier Republican candidates.

In reality, most Congressional Black Caucus seats are fairly safe and do not
attract much Republican money, hard or soft. But soft money grievously hurts the
interests of poor urban and rural constituencies. In a powerful rebuke to his
colleagues published in the Capitol newspaper Roll Call, Representative John
Conyers of Michigan pointed out that while soft money "helps a bit" with
get-out-the-vote drives, it is overwhelmingly deployed on expensive advertising
for candidates who will reliably side with corporate interests.

Mr. Conyers's arguments should be weighed carefully by the 11 non-signers:
Sanford Bishop and Cynthia McKinney of Georgia, Corrine Brown and Alcee Hastings
of Florida, James Clyburn of South Carolina, Eddie Johnson of Texas, Bennie
Thompson of Mississippi, Maxine Waters of California, Albert Wynn of Maryland,
William Clay of Missouri, and Earl Hilliard of Alabama.

These 11 members are not the only holdouts. The minority leader, Richard
Gephardt, must press other Democrats into line. Many pro-reform Republicans are
also hanging back. Of 14 Republicans from New York and New Jersey who
co-sponsored the Shays-Meehan bill or voted for an earlier version, only 5 have
signed the petition. The non-signers are Frank LoBiondo, Jim Saxton and Rodney
Frelinghuysen of New Jersey; and Sue Kelly, Benjamin Gilman, Sherwood Boehlert,
John McHugh, Jim Walsh and Jack Quinn of New York.

It is vital that at least these Republicans set aside their qualms about voting
against their leadership and add their names to the list. Without them and the
Black Caucus members, the best hope for campaign reform in years may be lost.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              352 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                February 28, 2000, Monday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

MAKING NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; SIDELINE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 144 words



Report: Black indicted

Troubled sports agent William "Tank" Black has been indicted on charges of mail
and wire fraud and money laundering, and is expected to be arraigned in
Gainesville today, the Miami Herald reported Sunday. Peter George, one of
Black's attorney's, could not be reached for comment, but George has said Black
did nothing wrong. Black is the central figure in the University of Florida's
investigation into illegal agent activity. Black, 42, of Columbia, S.C.,
represents pro football and basketball players. He faces a civil action filed
Thursday by the Securities and Exchange Commission, charging him with defrauding
his clients of at least $ 5-million in investment scams. Clients or former
clients include Bucs receivers Reidel Anthony and Jacquez Green, Jacksonville
running back Fred Taylor and NBA superstar Vince Carter.


LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; Vince Carter gives fans something to
shout about with 51 points.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              353 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 18, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Group seeks review of minority hiring

BYLINE: Steve Wieberg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 1114 words


Buoyed by a successful challenge of NCAA academic standards, black
coaches are raising the possibility of legal action against the
association on another front: schools' minority hiring practices.

In a letter to NCAA President Cedric Dempsey this week, new Black
Coaches Association (BCA) executive director Tim Stoner calls
for more urgent attention to the lack of black coaches and administrators
in college athletics.

"We're hopeful we can get them to see the wisdom of sitting down
with us and drawing up a game plan for creating job opportunities
for minorities," Stoner said Wednesday. "We're looking for significant
changes to be made now.


"If we can't get more cooperation, we believe we have a legal
avenue we can pursue to bring about change."

Last week, a federal judge in Philadelphia ruled the NCAA is subject
to Title VI and other anti-discrimination laws and struck down
its use of minimum standardized test scores to determine first-year
athletic eligibility. The NCAA's request for a stay of the order
was denied Tuesday.

In his letter to the NCAA's Dempsey, Stoner also seeks BCA input
into the drafting of new academic guidelines.

The sensitivity to minority hiring is longstanding. Only five
of 112 football coaches in the NCAA's upper-tier Division I-A
are black -- about 4% in a sport in which almost 52% of the players
are black and 57% overall are minorities. Blacks held 86 of 310,
or 28%, of the head coaching jobs in Division I this season, still
well below African-Americans' 60% representation among players.

Outside of the 23 historically black universities, minorities
account for only 11 of the 310 athletic directors in Division
I.

Stoner said the issue will be addressed at the BCA's annual convention
May 26-30 in Orlando, which coaches likely will draw up a timetable
for possible legal action.

"We'll be happy to respond," NCAA spokesman Wally Renfro said.
"Ced Dempsey has said on more than one occasion that he doesn't
believe the diversity-hiring results to date in Division I are
acceptable, and he has urged institutions to look at diversity
every time they hire."

But he added, "At the end of the day, it's an institutional issue.
The colleges and universities are the ones that develop their
hiring practices."-- Steve Wieberg

Investigation: UNLV's men's program is under investigation
again, this time reportedly for allegations that an assistant
coach gave money to make car payments on behalf of former player
Tyrone Nesby.

NCAA investigators were on campus this week to conduct an informal
review of allegations that associate head coach Glynn Cyprien
gave a former student manager money to make car payments on Nesby's
behalf.

Mike Viellion, once a student manager for the basketball team,
also said Cyprien loaned Viellion's 1995 Ford Thunderbird without
his permission during the summer to another player, Kaspars Kambala,
and that Kambala subsequently was involved in an accident that
totaled the car.

Viellion said that four times during the 1997-98 season, Cyprien
gave him money out of his pocket. Viellion said he was instructed
to take the money to a car-leasing agency, which he declined to
name, and make payments for Nesby, who is now an NBA rookie playing
for the Los Angeles Clippers. Viellion said he could not recall
the exact amount, but it was $ 300-$ 400.

Volunteering: Tennessee's Semeka Randall has made encouraging
progress in the last 24 hours from the torn ankle ligaments she
suffered Saturday in the first round and that kept her out of
the second round. So much so that the defensive demon could be
ready to play Saturday against Virginia Tech, according to Tennessee
coach Pat Summitt. But that doesn't mean Randall will play, even
if she's physically able.

"There are a lot of different (scenarios)," Summitt says. "If
we could go in Saturday, manage to play our game and not have
to play her, that would be a plus. But we may need her in that
game to be successful. You always want to think she could be ready
if necessary."

Tradition: What does a guy named Jim O'Brien do on St.
Patrick's Day? When he's coach of the Ohio State basketball team,
he celebrates in a traditional way the day before the biggest
game of the season, a South Regional semifinal against Auburn.
"After we're done (practicing) here," O'Brien said Wednesday
in Knoxville, Tenn., "I'm going to have some corned beef and
cabbage and some green beer. How's that for traditional?"

Maryland coach Gary Williams might be thinking O'Brien is following
him around. O'Brien succeeded Williams as coach at Boston College
in 1986, when Williams went to Ohio State. Eight years after Williams
left the Buckeyes to coach the Terrapins, O'Brien left Boston
College for Ohio State.

"I know Jim very well," Williams says. "I hope he doesn't want
to follow me to Maryland. I'd like to stay there a little while."

Williams actually has long relationships with all the other coaches
in the South Regional. He became acquainted with Auburn's Cliff
Ellis when Ellis coached against Maryland while at Clemson. And
St. John's coach Mike Jarvis used to take his Cambridge (Mass.)
Rindge & Latin High team to watch Williams' Boston College
teams practice.

Briefly: Colorado State coach Ritchie McKay agreed to a
contract extension. McKay, 33, named coach in August, led the
Rams to a 19-10 record and a berth in the NIT. . . . Jerry Tarkanian,
yet to get Fresno State into the NCAA tournament after four years
on the job, signed a one-year contract extension. . . . New Mexico
coach Dave Bliss interviewed at Baylor and also met with Saint
Louis athletic director Doug Woolard this week. Bliss reportedly
also was talking with Vanderbilt athletic director Todd Turner
about a coaching vacancy there. . . . Georgia, looking to replace
fired coach Ron Jirsa, is reportedly interested in Steve Alford
of Southwest Missouri State, Kelvin Sampson of Oklahoma, Leonard
Hamilton of Miami (Fla.), Jim Harrick of Rhode Island, Dave Odom
of Wake Forest and Buzz Peterson of Appalachian State. . . . North
Carolina freshman guard Jason Capel had surgery to repair two
disks in his lower back. Capel, who averaged 9.1 points and 4.1
rebounds, is expected to return to the team next season. . . .
Dayton forward Nate Green was sentenced to two years' probation
for hitting another student in the head during a campus fight
last fall. Green, a 6-6 freshman, played only six games this season.
He had shoulder surgery in early January.

Contributing: Jack Carey, Dick Patrick, John Tkach and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, LM Otero, AP; Car talk: Kaspars Kambala's name has been
mentioned in UNLV probe.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              354 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday

METRO & STATE BRIEFING

BYLINE: Compiled from staff and wire reports

SECTION: METRO/STATE; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 580 words


CENTRAL TEXAS DIGEST

AUSTIN

Two sought in robbery attempts

Police are investigating the first two attempted bank robberies of the year,
which took place at two Washington Mutual branches.

The first happened at 4:33 p.m. Monday, when a white or Hispanic man demanded
money at a Washington Mutual branch at 1100 Center Ridge Drive in North Austin.
He didn't receive any money and fled the scene in a greenish-blue 1997 or 1998
Dodge Caravan.

Police say the man was in his late 40s or early 50s, approximately 5 feet 10
inches tall and 165 pounds with short salt-and-pepper hair. He was wearing black
clothing with a black mask.

The second attempted robbery occurred at 3:36 p.m.Wednesday at the downtown
branch at 600 Congress Ave. Police say a black woman with braided hair entered
the bank and demanded money. She did not receive any and fled on foot.

The woman was about 5 feet 5 inches tall and 125 pounds and was wearing a blue
sweater and black pants. Police do not believe the two incidents are connected.

Anyone with more information about the suspects or incidents is asked to call
the robbery tip line at 974-5092 or CrimeStoppers at 472-8477. CrimeStoppers
will pay up to $1,000 for information that leads to an arrest.

Police traffic enforcement

Police will be watching for traffic-law violations in these areas today:

Morning: 1500 block of Rio Grande Street, West Ben White Boulevard, Interstate
35 North.

Afternoon: 1500 block of I-35 South, 7000 to 11000 blocks of I-35 North.

KILLEEN

Two held in hit-and-run

Two people, one a Fort Hood soldier, have been arrested in connection with a
hit-and-run wreck that seriously injured three people Jan. 3.

Darlana Treme Lashley, 33, of Killeen and Bernard Watkins, 21, of Fort Hood were
each charged with failure to stop and render aid.

Police say they were responsible for driving into two women and a man who were
inside a Shorty's convenience store at 908 Terrace Drive about 8:30 p.m. Police
say Lashley parked the car and Watkins drove it into the store.

They are both being held at the Bell County Jail in lieu of $500,000 bail.

SEGUIN

Dead trucker identified

A man who died early Tuesday morning when his 18-wheeler veered off a bridge on
Interstate 10 and burst into flames has been identified.

Seguin police said Manuel Mejia Jr., 29, of Houston was driving the truck west
on I-10 about 4:30 a.m. when he drove off a bridge over U.S. 90 in Seguin and
crashed into an embankment. He died at the scene.

Mejia was on his way from Houston to San Antonio, police said.

TEMPLE

Christmas attack victim dies

A man who had been in the hospital since he was assaulted on Christmas died Jan.
7, Temple police said Wednesday. His death was ruled a homicide.

Thurman Sharp, 73, was found injured in his room at the Oasis Motel on Dec. 25.

SAN ANTONIO

Workers trapped in tower

Twelve workers who were trapped in an elevator inside the Tower of the Americas
were rescued Wednesday evening.

The elevator stopped working after power was cut off, apparently because
insulation was being sprayed inside, San Antonio Councilman Rogers Flores told
WOAI radio.

Firefighters rescued the 12 within 45 minutes of getting a call about the
stalled elevator.

It was the second time in a month that the elevator stopped, trapping people.

Four construction workers were stuck inside the elevator for more than 11 hours
last month. The men were working for a firm that's renovating the famed
structure.

Compiled from staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This woman tried to rob a Washington Mutual bank on Congress Avenue on
Wednesday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Austin American Statesman


                              355 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            April 21, 2007 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Payments not hidden: Black; Sale of newspapers called 'outstanding deal'

BYLINE: Andrew Harris and Joe Schneider, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 529  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO -- Conrad Black, accused of stealing $60 million from Hollinger
International Inc., said he didn't try to hide noncompete payments that he and
other executives got from the sale of company newspapers as prosecutors claim.

Black cited as an example the payments related to the 2001 sale of Canadian
newspapers to CanWest Global Communications Corp. He said the sale was an
"outstanding" deal, that he had no reason to hide the noncompete payments
attached to it and that he favored making them public.

"We made $1 billion Cdn in three years in a stagnant industry" from that sale,
Black said Friday in an interview outside a federal courtroom in Chicago.

Prosecutors say the sale was used as a pretext to shift $26.4 million to
Ravelston Corp., Black's holding company, and to give two then-Hollinger
executives on trial with him improper bonuses of $1.3 million each. Black
characterized as "rubbish" prosecution claims that the payments were improper.

Prosecutors spent the past week of the month-old trial presenting evidence to
bolster their case that Hollinger publicly released information regarding
noncompete payments from CanWest because a New York law firm discovered the
money during an examination of company books in preparation for a bond sale.

Attempting to undercut prosecutors' claims that Black and his co-defendants
harmed Hollinger, Edward Genson, Black's lead trial lawyer, Friday showed jurors
a series of letters between his client and CanWest's former chairman, the late
Israel Asper. The letters document negotiations leading up to Hollinger's
$2.1-billion asset sale to CanWest.

"The transaction envisioned here would be a historic event for Canada and a
model for similar convergence activities throughout the Western World," Asper
wrote Black, then Hollinger's chairman, in one of the letters in which the Palm
Beach, Florida, neighbors called each other "Izzy" and "Conrad." The deal made
the Winnipeg-based CanWest that country's largest media company.

"Thank you for your astonishing feat of penmanship," Black responded to Asper's
hand-written fax. "We're willing to be flexible," he told Asper in reference to
$19 million annual payments for management services he was seeking.

Black lowered that amount to $6 million, enabling Hollinger to collect $60
million more from the sale, according to company records.

Black, 62, Hollinger's former chairman, along with former Vice President Peter
Atkinson, 60, and ex-finance chief John Boultbee, 63, are accused of stealing
Hollinger money as they engineered the sale of more than $3 billion in assets
between 1998 and 2001.

Mark Kipnis, 59, Hollinger's former general counsel, is charged with helping
them. Defence lawyers say Hollinger's board approved the payments.

Prosecutors say the men illegally profited by signing noncompete agreements that
gave them money that should have gone to Hollinger. Buyers paid the money in
exchange for the defendants' promises not to compete in the newspaper markets
that Hollinger was abandoning.

Black is charged with fraud, racketeering, money laundering and obstruction of
justice. The racketeering and fraud counts carry maximum sentences of 20 years
in prison.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             January 24, 2002, Thursday, 4 State / Suncoast Edition

Ex-Gator testifies against agent

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 622 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



Jaguars running back Fred Taylor testified Wednesday he was swindled out of most
of his $ 5-million NFL signing bonus by an agent who "robbed everybody blind."

Taylor, testifying in the federal fraud trial of William "Tank" Black, choked
back tears as he recalled how Black violated his trust.

"I agreed with everything he said," Taylor told a U.S. District Court jury. "I
trusted him with my life, with my daughter's life."

Also appearing as prosecution witnesses were current and former NFL players
Robert Brooks, Germane Crowell, Terry Allen and Jacquez Green, all once
represented by Black.

He is charged with fraud for allegedly stealing between $ 12-million and $
14-million from players he represented. If convicted, he faces up to 25 years in
prison.

Immediately after Taylor, who played at the University of Florida, signed with
Jacksonville in 1998, he received part of his signing bonus, about $
2.4-million. That went straight to Black, Taylor said.

"I trusted Tank that he would do right with the money," Taylor testified. "Every
so often, I would ask how it was doing. And I got this sheet that said a bunch
of money was reinvested and reinvested, but it was make-believe."

Taylor's testimony came after Brooks said he lost $ 2.5-million by investing in
a company Black allegedly set up as part of a money-laundering scheme.

The father of Bucs receiver Reidel Anthony, also from UF, told the jury his son
was defrauded out of $ 1-million in connection with the same company.

Crowell said Black advised him to take out a $ 600,000 loan after the Lions
drafted him 1998. Black then allegedly told Crowell to invest in Black Americans
of Achievement.

The SEC alleges Black's clients reportedly paid $ 1.2-million for BAOA
investments. Between March 1996 and November 1997, Black charged 15 clients a
total of $ 1.1-million to buy BAOA stock he had the company issue free, it says.

USF names fundraiser

Joe Tomaino has been named senior major gifts officer in the South Florida
athletic department, a new position.

Tomaino, who has been at USF for 36 years, will raise money for the proposed
on-campus athletic facility and enhancements to other athletic venues.

"There may be no one on our campus who has a better historical perspective of
USF than Joe Tomaino," athletic director Lee Roy Selmon said.

"He understands where this university has been, where it is at and where it
needs to grow in the future."

Tomaino came to USF in 1966 as the assistant director of the Learning Center, an
inner city program that counseled and found jobs for at-risk youth.

He also has been executive director of the Alumni Association (1971-85), Annual
Fund director (1985-91), director of special gifts (1991-94) and development
director for the College of Education (1994-2002).

"This is a very exciting period in the history of USF athletics," he said. "And
I am excited to hit the ground running to assure even better times ahead."

FLORIDA STATE: Offensive lineman Cory Niblock (6 feet 4, 280 pounds), a Class 3A
third-team all-state selection from St. Augustine Nease, become the 12th player
to orally commit.

MISSISSIPPI: Defensive tackle Brandon Roddy faces sexual battery charges and has
been indefinitely suspended. He was arrested Saturday and released Tuesday on $
20,000 bond. Roddy could face 30 years in prison.

TENNESSEE: Receiver Donte Stallworth received nearly $ 1,300 in benefits from an
agent after declaring himself eligible for the draft, the university's appeal to
the NCAA said.

The university wants the NCAA to give the junior a year of eligibility after he
changed his mind about the draft.

- Staff writers Brian Landman and Pete Young contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Fred Taylor

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              357 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   September 12, 1995, Tuesday, City Edition

Minister forming group for black men

BYLINE: MIKE WILSON

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 778 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Calling the Promise Keepers movement a threat to the black church, a  nationally
prominent St. Petersburg pastor said Monday that he plans to  organize a similar
ministry for African-American men.

The organization, to be known as Trusted Partners, will emphasize Christian
spirituality, self-esteem and respect for black women, said the Rev. Henry J.
Lyons, president of the 8-million-member National Baptist Convention USA, Inc.

Men pay $ 55 to attend Promise Keepers rallies. Followers are also asked -  but
not required - to make a regular contribution to the ministry. Promise  Keepers
received $ 5.4-million in contributions last year and expects to  receive much
more this year.

The very existence of Trusted Partners would directly conflict with Promise
Keepers' desire to unite Christians of all races. Among the Seven Promises of  a
Promise Keeper is a pledge "to (reach) beyond any racial and denominational
barriers to demonstrate the power of biblical unity."

"The black church is still unfortunately the only game in town for
African-American people. We don't have banks. We don't have universities. We
don't have insurance companies," said Lyons, pastor of Bethel Metropolitan
Baptist Church.

"If (Promise Keepers) is going to come in and siphon off middle-class  blacks
that are making $ 50,000 and above - and that would be their thrust -  that
would weaken the one institution that we can look to and can lean on. And  that
is the black church."

Lyons referred to black support of Promise Keepers as "another nail in the
African-American coffin."

Steve Chavis, Promise Keepers' national spokesman, said his organization  does
not wish to collect money that would otherwise be given to churches.  Indeed,
men who join the movement promise to support their church by praying  for the
pastor and by giving time and money, he said.

"We are asking men to be a part of their own local churches, first and
foremost," he said.

Lyons said he and the leaders of three other black Baptist groups will meet  in
Atlanta in November to found Trusted Partners and define its mission.

The other Baptist groups are the National Baptist Convention of America,  the
Progressive National Baptist Convention and the Missionary Baptist  Convention
of America. Including Lyons' group, the Baptist organizations have  18-million
members, Lyons said.

He predicted that Trusted Partners eventually will attract enough men to  fill
sports arenas, as Promise Keepers does.

"We'll be as big, definitely," he said.

Former Colorado football coach Bill McCartney founded Promise Keepers in  1990
as a way to help Christian men become better husbands and fathers through
worship and through relationships with other men. The group - which is widely
embraced by conservative Christians but criticized by feminists and  homosexuals
- expects to draw 711,000 men to its 13 stadium conferences this  year.

A rally last month at the ThunderDome in St. Petersburg drew nearly 50,000,  the
largest event in the history of the building.

Though Promise Keepers has always emphasized racial reconciliation, it has  had
little success in attracting black men to its rallies. African-Americans
constituted fewer than 10 percent, and perhaps as few as 5 percent, of the
congregation in the ThunderDome. Black participation at the Atlanta conference
in June was equally low.

In St. Petersburg, McCartney said the rallies have been "way too white -  not
what God would want." Promise Keepers has a committee, chaired by a black
minister from Chicago, that is dedicated to attracting black men to the
movement.

Lyons - who was invited to the St. Petersburg rally but declined to go -  said
he believes the $ 55 admission price is "a little much for black  people."

He said those black men who have $ 55 shouldn't pay it. Lyons said he  believes
Promise Keepers hurts the black community by luring African-American  men out of
the black church, where their money is sorely needed.

"We're going to take $ 55 of what should be my tithe and turn it over
immediately to the general economy? No. I'll be fighting that from now on,"  he
said. "When we start losing black men to the white church, I get worried.  As a
leader of the African-American community, I get frightened."

Chavis said the founding of Trusted Partners will not distract Promise  Keepers
from its goals.

"As America tries to deal with the racial question, I think we're asking
ourselves, "Where am I at? Do I care? Do I understand enough? And where do we
go from here?' And we're going to keep asking those questions."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; COLOR PHOTO, KATHLEEN CABBLE; Henry Lyons; A Promise
Keepers rally last month at the ThunderDome drew nearly 50,000 - but few blacks.

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              358 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: St. Louis Man Sentenced to 10 Years in Prison for Two Bank Robberies

LENGTH: 489  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Altonio G. Graves, 39, of St. Louis, Missouri, was sentenced today in the U.S.
District Court to 10 years in prison on two counts of Conspiracy to Commit Bank
Robbery, two counts of Bank Robbery, and one count of Felon in Possession of a
Firearm in connection with the robbery of Laclede Community Credit Union in
Alton, IL, on February 11, 2013, and the robbery of People's Bank and Trust in
Altamont, IL, on February 26, 2013, Stephen R. Wigginton, United States Attorney
for the Southern District of Illinois announced. Following his prison sentence,
Graves will be on federal supervised release for three years. Graves was also
ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $5,684. Graves has been in custody
since February 26, 2013.

Documents filed in U.S. District Court establish that on February 11, 2013,
Graves entered the Laclede Community Credit Union in Alton, Illinois wearing a
long black women's wig, a black hat, and a black trench coat to disguise his
appearance. Graves told the teller he had a gun, handed her a plastic grocery
bag and a note demanding money. The teller placed $5,684 in the bag and Graves
left the credit union with the money. Graves fled the area in a vehicle driven
by his female co-defendant and was not immediately apprehended.

On February 26, 2013, Graves entered the People's Bank and Trust in Altamont,
Illinois wearing a long black women's wig, a dark trench coat and a black hat
with earflaps to disguise his appearance. Graves handed the teller a plastic
grocery bag and a note which stated: "This is a robbery, I have a gun and I will
use it." The teller placed $7,390 in the bag and Graves left the bank with the
money. Graves fled the area in a white Chrysler vehicle being driven by the same
female co-defendant. Illinois State Police officers located the suspect vehicle
on the interstate and attempted a traffic stop. The female driver refused to
stop and fled from the officer in speeds in excess of 120 mph until she lost
control of the vehicle and crashed into a ditch. During a search of Graves and
the vehicle, officers located the $7,390 in United States currency taken from
the bank. Also during the search of the vehicle, officers recovered a loaded .45
caliber semi-automatic pistol behind the glove box. Graves was a previously
convicted felon, having been convicted of the offense of Second Degree Murder in
1998.

The female co-defendant driver, Annalise McGee, 28, of St. Louis, MO, has also
pleaded guilty and is awaiting her sentencing.

The case was investigated by the Alton Police Department, Altamont Police
Department, the Illinois State Police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Ali Summers.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      December 17, 1999 Friday 2D EDITION

BLACK HAWK Alderman under council fire over funds, conduct

BYLINE: By George Lane, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-06

LENGTH: 625 words


Action by the Black Hawk City Council on Wednesday night could  result in the
removal of a councilman who has been accused of  engineering the ouster of the
city manager.

The city manager had insisted that Alderman George Armbright  return historic
preservation money that she alleged was improperly  used.    The alleged funds
misuse was not among the reasons  presented Wednesday for Armbright's discipline
or removal.  Instead, Armbright is accused of misconduct in his dealings with
city staff.

However, in other action, the council gave Armbright until  the end of the month
to pay back as much as $ 17,000 in historic  preservation money, or else face
legal action.

The council also instructed the city attorney 'to take  appropriate legal
action' to recover $ 4,000 in preservation funds  from Alderman Kathy Doles.

The preservation money is a portion of the taxes casinos pay  to the state that
can be used for the restoration and preservation  of historic properties in
Colorado's three gambling towns.

Earlier this year, the Colorado Bureau of Investigation  determined that elected
officials in Black Hawk - the state's  busiest and most profitable gambling town
but with a population of  fewer than 150 people - had spent almost a million
dollars in  preservation funds on their own homes.

The CBI decided that no laws were broken, but the Legislature  passed a law
changing the way the historic preservation money is  doled out. Black Hawk
officials then asked the town's independent  auditor to take a look at the
program.

The audit found problems with the preservation files of two  council members,
Armbright and Doles. The audit determined that  they had been paid thousands of
dollars to which they weren't  entitled.

Former City Manager Lynnette Hailey reportedly pushed for  Armbright and Doles
to provide documentation showing that the  payments were proper, or to pay the
money back.

The two aldermen then gained the support of a third member of  the council, and
after several meetings, Hailey was ordered to  resign. Armbright told The Post
several weeks ago that his efforts  to oust Hailey had nothing to do with the
preservation money, and  he said that he and his wife had done nothing improper.

However, a letter written by Susan Barnes, Hailey's attorney,  and published in
the Gilpin County Weekly Register Call charged  that Armbright threatened to
have Hailey and any other city  employees fired if they interfered with his
grant money.

Hailey eventually left her job under terms dictated by  Barnes. The terms
included a $ 418,000 cash settlement that is to  be paid over four years.

Wednesday night, Armbright asked the city council to have the  CBI and district
attorney investigate the allegations against him  and Doles, with the intention
of clearing their 'good names.' That  proposal died.

The council then approved a motion to write a letter to  Armbright demanding
repayment of all unspent historic preservation  grant money by Dec. 31. If the
money isn't repaid, the motion  said, the city attorney would be instructed to
hire outside  counsel to initiate legal action.

Alderman Hal Midcap then presented a document accusing  Armbright of
'threatening and profane language' with city  employees and proposed that if the
allegations are true, Armbright  should be removed from the council.

Armbright is also accused of violating city statutes by  disclosing confidential
information about matters that occurred in  city council executive session.

A public hearing on the charges against Armbright will be  Jan. 26.

Armbright did not return telephone calls Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1999 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 31, 2004 Saturday

A window on the world of wealthy blacks

BYLINE: SIMON HOUPT

SECTION: WEEKEND REVIEW; NEW YORK DIARY; Pg. R3

LENGTH: 800 words


The grand illusion of living in New York is that anybody can achieve great
wealth and power. It's the American Dream on steroids. Unlike in, say,
Washington or Los Angeles, where the rich are safely separated from the
commoners by high walls, armed guards, and the tinted windows of rumbling SUVs,
just about everyone in New York walks the same dirty streets, takes the same
cabs, and pops into the same corner delis for some really gross takeout when
they need a hit of carbs.

The proximity to that power is seductive. So when New Yorkers read Liz Smith's
column, or page through the Styles section of the Times every Sunday to peruse
snapshots from the week's charity events, they do so with a unique blend of envy
and aspiration, believing that a little bit of hard work and a great idea can
put them on the arm of Brooke Astor.

Well, at least the white folks do. Despite this city's admirable embrace of the
multicultural reality of America, black high society is all but invisible.

During the Harlem Renaissance of the 1920s, when the energy of blacks migrating
from the country into urban centres spilled out into a cornucopia of novels and
poems, writers like Nella Larsen and Joseph Moncure March drew portraits of
African-American high society. But blacks only occasionally mingled with whites,
and vice versa.

Nowadays, P. Diddy and Time Warner CEO Richard Parsons are at the same charity
events as Michael Bloomberg, Calvin Klein, and (for the moment) Martha Stewart.
Spike Lee lives in one of the largest single-family townhouses in the East 60s,
a 9,800-square-foot mansion previously owned by Gypsy Rose Lee and Jasper Johns.

Surely blacks have arrived. So why don't we see them?

"I don't think the press is very interested in black people, generally, in this
country, unless they murder somebody or something horrible happens, or they try
to run for office, and they're forced to pay attention, or they're super sports
stars," says Melanie Boellinger, the director of marketing and special events at
Hue-Man Bookstore in Harlem, believed to be the nation's largest black
bookstore.

Sensing a chasm between perception and reality, Tonya Lewis Lee (Spike's wife)
and Crystal McCrary Anthony, who is separated from the former NBA forward point
guard Greg Anthony, issued a minor corrective this month with Gotham Diaries, a
novel that takes us into the world of new black money.

Boellinger says the book is part of a small wave of black chick lit that
includes the recently published Bling, The Accidental Diva and Cosmopolitan
Girls, which is also authored by two women.

"There are so many New York City stories out there, whether in books or on TV,"
says Lee, "and so often you don't see African-Americans at all, and when you do
see them, there seems to be such a focus on the thug life, so we wanted to do
something to highlight another side of African-American society."

To that end, Gotham Diaries is populated with cheating husbands, scheming
widows, cynical strivers, label-conscious newcomers, and craven flatterers: in
other words, the typical cast of most New York City social satires. This is
apparently a step forward for black culture. "We wanted to show that there's a
wide range of African-Americans; it's not this monolithic group who are
succeeding. It's not just professional athletes, it's not just entertainers,"
says Anthony. "There are lawyers, doctors, Wall Streeters, architects, just
business people in general. This is a world that we see, that we frequent."

Tandy Brooks, a character in Gotham Diaries who married for money and spent as
little time as possible at the loathsome task of raising her daughter, is as
sexually frigid as the cliché of the social-climbing WASP wife. Which prompts
the question: Up there, in the rarefied air of Park and Fifth and Madison
avenues, what's the fundamental difference between the inveterate white snobs
and the irredeemable black ones?

One scene may hold the answer. At one point Tandy, who considers selling
furniture to keep her head above water until she can snag another husband, is
visited by a worker from a consignment shop. During the inspection, he wanders
into a room where she is meeting with her personal publicist, then calls her by
her first name: unforgivable breaches of protocol, which Tandy believes he would
never commit in front of a white woman.

"No matter how much an African-American person may have - new money, old money -
as a black person, you don't escape the fact that you're black, and the reality
of how you're perceived by the quote, unquote 'dominant' culture," notes
Anthony.

So when will this change?

"Not in my lifetime," sighs Boellinger. "Oh, we can talk about this all day
long, if you want to. That's the United States. That's just the way it is."

shoupt@globeandmail.ca

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              361 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Race a key factor in which homeowners made money in up-and-down 2000s housing
market

LENGTH: 563 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Baltimore: Johns Hopkins University issued the following news release:



  During the tumultuous real estate market of the 2000s, some homebuyers found
wealth while others took big hits. But no matter when they bought, most black
first-time homeowners lost money, a Johns Hopkins University study found.





 In a study recently published in the journal Real Estate Economics, public
policy professor Sandra J. Newman and researcher C. Scott Holupka found that
race was a key determinant of which low- and moderate-income people who bought
their first homes during the decade made money. During the Great Recession,
white homebuyers lost money but black homebuyers lost considerably more. Even
during the boom years, when white buyers increased their wealth by 50 percent,
black buyers lost 47 percent of their wealth.



 "They say that in real estate timing is everything, but blacks had a loss
across the decade--even when their purchase time was impeccable," Newman said.
"They would have done better if they'd stayed renters."



 The main factor in whether white buyers made money on their home was when they
bought it. But timing had little bearing on how much black buyers made, the
researchers found. Instead, the driver was the neighborhood they bought
into--and often those areas were predominantly black, with lower housing prices,
lower appreciation, and declining rates of homeownership. For black buyers,
their education and marital status were also key predictors of how the purchase
would affect their assets, though neither influenced the return on investment of
white buyers.



 The researchers analyzed data from the Panel Study of Income Dynamics, looking
in particular at how buying a home affected the net worth of renters at
different points in the decade--in the wake of the 2001 recession, in 2003 when
the market was heating up, at the height of the boom in 2005, and at the onset
of the Great Recession in 2007.



 They focused on first-time buyers, long-time targets of campaigns to increase
wealth through homeownership. About 40 percent of all homebuyers are first-time
buyers, and more than 60 percent of those buyers are low- to moderate-income.



 The survey data highlights stark disparities by race:



     During the Great Recession, between 2007 and 2009, the net worth for new
white homebuyers dropped 33 percent, while new black homebuyers lost 43 percent
of their wealth.



     During the boom, between 2005 and 2007, white first-time buyers enjoyed net
worth gains of 50 percent while new black homebuyers lost 47 percent. In dollar
terms, while whites were gaining about $24,000, blacks were losing $16,911.



 "We had to convince ourselves that during one of the hottest housing markets
ever, our numbers were showing black buyers still experienced losses," Holupka
said. "It was sort of stunning."



 To project the number of years it would take homebuyers who bought during the
bust to recoup their investment, the researchers ran simulations. For white
buyers who bought in 2007, they projected it would take from three to 32 years,
depending on the market, to get their money back.



 "It will take blacks more than twice as long," Newman said, about seven years
in the best-case scenario to about 74 years in a weak market.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 5, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

More muted reaction second time around

BYLINE: Haya El Nasser

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 1201 words


The second O.J. Simpson verdict was greeted with more breathlessness
on the airwaves than in the nation's living rooms. Without cameras
in the courtroom and a live audio feed, the unanimous verdict
finding Simpson liable in two murders brought forth more muted
reactions.

In an Atlanta restaurant, Valeria Davis of East Point, Ga., said
Simpson "got what he had coming to him." In a Framingham, Mass.,
bar, TV sets stayed tuned to the Boston Bruins hockey game.


Elsewhere, many people disappointed by Simpson's acquittal on
criminal charges shrugged off the finding of guilt in the civil
case as too mild of a punishment. Some were happy for the families
of victims Nicole Brown Simpson and Ronald Goldman. The reactions
of those interviewed crossed racial lines, a departure from the
first verdict when blacks overwhelmingly rejoiced Simpson's acquittal
and whites deplored it.

Seattle

In Patrick's 1911 tavern, in downtown Seattle, the biggest reaction
from the two dozen patrons came when newly elected Gov. Gary Locke
appeared on the TV screen as he was introduced by President Clinton
during his State of the Union speech.

When the networks switched to the Simpson verdict, the reaction
was mixed. "Yes!" shouted Susan Nunn, 45, a white electrician,
clapping her hands above her head. "I think he's guilty. I don't
think the family was out for money. I think they wanted justice."

Next to Nunn, John Clark, 59, a white trade show decorator, barely
reacted. He isn't convinced Simpson is guilty. "I still have
a lot of questions in my mind. Americans will still be confused.
This is a split decision (with the criminal verdict). This (civil
verdict) will cast doubt on him for the rest of his life."

Boston

The mostly white patrons of Ebenezer's, a bar in the suburb of
Framingham, said they were so fed up with the Simpson trial that
they stayed tuned to the all-sports channels.

"I don't care about it at all," said Sean Randall, 26, a salesman
from Hopkinton, Mass. "It's something that doesn't really affect
anybody."

Finding Simpson liable on civil charges did little to satisfy
people such as bartender Karyn Connors, 27, from Holliston. She
thinks Simpson is "definitely" guilty. "But what does it matter?
He's got the money and I don't think anyone will get any of it
from him.."

At a laundromat across the street, Simon Morales, a 24-year-old
Hispanic, thinks Simpson is innocent. "If the first jury said
he wasn't guilty, that should be it," he said. "How can they
keep hauling him into court?"

But Anita Raines, 30, a part-time cashier who is black, was glad.
"It gives people some feeling the courts work. They should have
found him guilty the first time."

At an all-night convenience store next door, Brianna Correa, a
19-year-old Hispanic, rejoiced for the victims' families. "I
felt bad for Ron Goldman's family so I'm glad they won."

Fort Lauderdale

At the Downtowner Saloon and Steakhouse, a Rollerblading group
that filled the bar cheered its approval as the verdict and the
$ 8.5 million figure was announced.

"Finally!" said Suzanne Gaudette, who watched the coverage with
about 30 others who skated to the bar on the mild night. "I felt
justice was not served the first time. He got away with murder."

Kim Giaquinto, an account manager who is white, said she pulled
her car over in traffic and cried the day the not-guilty verdict
was announced in the first trial. On Tuesday, she said she felt
vindicated by the verdict but doubtful the families would receive
any money.

New York

At the Second Wave laundromat in midtown Manhattan, where the
news came across a dozen TV sets, the verdict was no surprise,
but the size of the award prompted a debate between two laudromat
workers.

"I knew he couldn't get off again," said Edith Moreno, 38, who
is Puerto Rican.

"Yeah, but $ 8 million?" asked John Bland III, 25, who is black.
"He's broke now. No endorsements. No movies. No nothing."

Earlier, both had predicted the jury would rule against Simpson.
"Too much evidence," Moreno said.

Dallas

Two dozen patrons were watching college basketball, drinking beer
and eating at The Copper Tank, a minibrewery near downtown Dallas.
As the bartender switched the station to a news channel, the crowd
went silent.

As the answers to each question on the verdict form came in, scattered
applause broke out among the racially mixed group. But reaction
was generally quiet.

"At least someone found him guilty," said bar manager Mark Novak,
24, who is white. "I don't think he should pay money now. Put
him in jail."

Victor El, 37, a black data communications technician, still thinks
Simpson is innocent.

"He obviously beat (Nicole Brown Simpson) up. I can't knock that,"
he said. "But do I think he killed them? No."

To his wife, Grady El, a 41-year-old computer operator who is
black, Simpson was unfairly tried twice. She disagreed with the
intent of the civil suit. "If money wasn't involved, I would
feel better about it," she said.

Chicago

People here seemed far more concerned about whether Dennis Rodman
would return to the Chicago Bulls after his suspension for kicking
a cameraman.

At a neighborhood pub on the city's north side, there was no cheering,
hooting or hollering when the verdict was announced. There wasn't
much surprise, either.

"How fast can he type an appeal?" asked Carol Schultz, 39, a
hospital nurse who is white.

Like many others, Schultz thinks Simpson should give all his money
to the victims' families, though she thinks the money means little
to them. "The money is symbolic to the families. I don't think
it's going to bring peace to the Goldmans or the family of Nicole
Brown."

Los Angeles

At Mezzaluna, the restaurant where Nicole Simpson ate her last
meal, and where Ronald Goldman worked as a waiter, heads popped
up from plates of pasta as the verdicts were shown on the TV above
the bar.

Shouts of "Yes!" and enthusiastic claps followed each finding
against Simpson.

"It should have happened the first time," said Vera Kaprielian,
a stockbroker from Redondo Beach.

"Tonight is finally the reaction everyone wanted to get," said
Mark Sarfati, owner of a newsstand across the street from Mezzaluna.
"I think (the murders and ensuing trials) divided the community
a lot."

But across town, residents in the predominantly black neighborhood
of south central were unhappy about the verdict.

"This man was found not guilty and now they find him guilty.
There's something wrong with that," said John Freeman, 61, a
black man sitting on a folding chair outside a doughnut shop.

"They tried to break him, but he'll make money somewhere else.
They were determined to get a white jury, that's why they got
the black (juror) off, to make sure that they won," said James
Williams.

"I'm very pleased with the way it turned out. I don't want to
believe it's a racial vote, I want to believe it's a vote based
on intelligence and extreme forethought," said Robert Rodriguez.
"I think they (jurors) struggled with some issues and that makes
me feel better."

LOAD-DATE: February 05, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Alan Diaz; PHOTO, B/W, Carol Halebian; PHOTO, B/W, John
Bazemore, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Loren Callahan, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              363 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

In a pinch, financial help elusive;
Black, Latino youth less likely to get money from family

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; 1

LENGTH: 827 words


WASHINGTON -- More young blacks and Latinos feel that they can't depend on
family to help them with financial needs, from big-ticket items like college
tuition to smaller expenses, than do whites or Asians, according to a new
GenForward poll.

And more than half of millennials overall say an unexpected bill of $1,000 would
cause them financial difficulty, a sign that young Americans are still
struggling years after the end of the recession, according to the poll released
this week.

This information comes from a new GenForward survey of young adults conducted by
the Black Youth Project at the University of Chicago with The Associated
Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research. The first-of-its-kind poll pays
special attention to the voices of young adults of color, highlighting how race
and ethnicity shape the opinions of the country's most diverse generation.

An assist from parents or family gives some young Americans a secure financial
foundation, allowing them to leave college with little or no debt, to purchase a
home, to begin investing or planning for retirement and to establish good
credit. The ability to take advantage of generational wealth may be a reason why
minorities think whites have a better chance of getting ahead financially. Most
young adults think whites have at least some advantage in getting ahead
economically, including 77 percent of blacks, 76 percent of Asians, 70 percent
of Latinos and 58 percent of whites.

Michael Summers, 30, of Indianapolis, Indiana, who is black, said it would be
out of the question for his parents to give him a small loan, much less a larger
one.

"My mom is retired and on a fixed income, and while she would try, there's
probably no way for her to come up any extra money," said Summers, who has been
unemployed for a while but is about to start work in janitorial services. "I
wouldn't even try to ask for something like a down payment for a house or
something like that."

SEE finances,  A11

If they had to pay an unexpected bill of $1,000 or more, half of young whites,
or 50 percent say they would have a lot of difficulty coming up with the cash,
while majorities of young African-Americans, 59 percent, and Latinos, 64
percent, also said they would have problems coming up with the money.
Asian-Americans were the least likely to say they would have a lot of trouble,
at 39 percent.

But nearly two-thirds of whites and Asian-Americans said it was at least
somewhat likely that their families could help them pay. Almost half of
Hispanics -- 46 percent -- thought they might be able to get that much money
from their families, while only 42 percent of African-Americans said they would
be able to ask their families for $1,000.

At Howard University, a historically black university in the District of
Columbia, several students said they think they would be able to get money from
their parents if they were truly desperate, but would feel bad for even asking.

"I don't want to ask," said Aliyah Hale, 19, of Los Angeles, who is attending
Howard on scholarship. "I have kind of reservations about asking my parents for
too much money, but if I desperately needed it, it would be available."

Darien Pierce, 19, of New York City, also said his parents could come up with
the money but only for emergencies. Not everyone is as lucky, he said.

"There are a lot of people who can afford to do things like that," Pierce said
as he hurried to class "There are also a lot of students' parents who can't
afford to do things like that. Most of my friends' parents, it would hurt their
pockets, but I also know some people whose pockets it wouldn't hurt. It's
different for everyone."

The numbers get worse when the expenses get higher, according to the poll.

Close to half of young Asian-Americans and whites, but less than a third of
Latinos or African-Americans, said their families might be able to help them pay
tuition or pay off a student loan.

If they needed help with the down-payment on a house, only about a third of
young Asian-Americans and whites say it's at least somewhat likely their
families could help. The numbers are worse for blacks and Latinos, with only
about a quarter saying their parents would be able to help them with a down
payment for a house.

Despite all of this, larger numbers of minorities say they will have a better
life than their parents. Sixty-eight percent of Latinos and 63 percent of young
blacks and Asian-Americans think it's at least somewhat likely that their
generation will have a better life than their parents' generation. Almost half
of whites, 49 percent, think they will have a better life than their parents.

From Page A1

A Bureau of Printing and Engraving employee checks one dollar bills at the plant
in Washington. When the bills are due, more young blacks and Latinos feel like
they can't turn to Mom, Dad or even Grandma to help them out of financial
trouble than whites or Asians, according to a new Associated Press poll. File
Photo/The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2016 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     March 15, 1991, Friday, DAILY EDITION

Black breaks away

BYLINE: Barry Critchley and Susan Gittins

SECTION: SECTION 3, THE MARKETS; Pg. 40, OFF THE RECORD

LENGTH: 214 words


While BGH Central Investment Management shuffles its hierarchy, one of the three
principals in Black, Gelper & Hessels is beavering away on his own.

Paul Black and Robert Crosbie, his friend of 30 years, have formed a money
management firm called Black Investment Management Inc. That entity will be up
and running when the Ontario Securities Commission gives its approval. The firm
plans to attract funds for investment in both fixed income and equity
securities.

Black has been in the money management business since 1973 when Black, Gelper &
Hessels was formed.

Prior to forming BGH, Black spent about 16 years at Manufacturers Life Insurance
Co. rising to assistant financial vice-president, responsible for investment
policy and the management of $200 million in equities. He was also responsible
for all segregated and pooled pension accounts, or about $100 million of
investments.


Crosbie has been around the traps for almost 40 years and has worked in London,
New York and Toronto.

While approval from the OSC awaits, Black and Crosbie are based at the Toronto
office of Sprott Securities Ltd.

Friendship is a factor there: Eric Sprott and Monte Gordon, the firm's president
and chairman respectively, are buddies of Black and Crosbie.




LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1991 Financial Post Ltd.


                              365 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 27, 1991, Friday

Party opportunities abound as black college teams meet; Fun-filled weekend
spawned by dispute

BYLINE: By Al Levine Staff writercolleges; blacks; football; competition; music;
charities; finances

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; SECTION A; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 791 words


What began as a nasty divorce over a football game has turned into one heck of a
party opportunity this weekend, and the big winner is Atlanta's economy.

There's something for everyone - dances, dinners, bands, queens, fireworks -
wrapped around two football games matching four prominent historically black
colleges.

Saturday at 2 p.m., Florida A&M (1-2) plays Tennessee State (0-4) before an a
nticipated 45,000 at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium. At 7 p.m., the Atlanta
Classic III matches South Carolina State (2-0) against Southern University (1-1)
before an anticipated 45,000 at Bobby Dodd Stadium.

To make the most of the opportunities, all you need is lots of energy and
approximately $ 180 to attend every function and both college games.

The National Black College Alumni Association has the big-ticket item, a $
75-a-plate dinner honoring 10 inductees into its Hall of Fame tonight at the
Hyatt Regency.

The NBCA also has a black college golf tournament under way and will close out
the busy weekend Sunday with a competition for the black college queen of
queens. "This is not a beauty pageant," said Yvonne Garrett, the NBCA executive
director. "We don't have a swimsuit competition." Instead, the young women will
deliver speeches on "Black Colleges: Roots of the Black Community." The winner
gets a scholarship.

The NBCA activities here this particular weekend are more than a happy
coincidence. The director of the NBCA Hall of Fame, Tommy Dortch, is also the
president-elect of the 100 Black Men of Atlanta.

Amid the pageantry, there is grumbling. Privately, some black leaders are saying
this is a weekend created by greed.

Actually, it's a weekend created by the 100 Black Men, the charity organization
that started the Atlanta Football Classic two years ago to raise money for the
college expenses for Atlanta teenagers it was mentoring through high school.
Florida A&M and Tennessee State played in this game for two years. But the
schools and the organization had a dispute over how much each team was to be
paid. Since A&M and Tennessee State already had the game booked for Sept. 28,
they simply shopped their game down I-75/85 to Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium.

The 100 Black Men use words like peeved and annoyed when addressing the FAMU
game. Their advertising for their Classic calls it, pointedly, The Only Game In
Town.

"I guess it's a direct dig at their game," said Dr. Joseph Hoffman, the Classic
chairman. "We understand that business is business. But we were responsible for
creating a market for that game. The year before we brought those teams here,
they drew only 22,000 in Nashville.

"I don't think any friendships have been ruined over this thing. But we've been
trying to tell everyone that black Atlanta should be spending its black dollars
to help its kids. They're taking the money back to Tallahassee and Nashville.
We're keeping the money we make here in Atlanta to help educate our youth."

Reggie Williams, head of the Atlanta-Fulton County Recreation Authority, said he
was only doing his job in trying to fill his stadium. "If we don't sell one
ticket to anyone in Altanta, we'd still sell 30,000 tickets to Florida A&M and
Tennessee State people," he said.

"We're in the business of renting the stadium," Mr. Williams said. "Now, I think
it'd be smart to try not having these games on the same day. When we were doing
concerts at the Fox, it would have been nice for Chastain Park, the Roxy and all
the other places that hold concerts to shut down. It doesn't work that way. When
you become a promoter, you're making a decision to compete in the marketplace."

The schools in Williams's game - now called Super Showdown XXXI - also announced
that part of their profits will go toward scholarships for local students.
Still, the $ 25 top ticket is FAMU's most expensive of the season.

Both promoters agree that all four teams could be winless and they'd still draw
a big crowd just for the bands. All four bands are highly- regarded and in such
demand, they can match each other in frequent-flier miles.

But at least one competitor is ready to play his own tune when it comes to
picking the best of the bunch.

"I'm the best," said Dr. Isaac Gregg, the band director at Southern in Baton
Rouge, whose unit is called The Human Jukebox because it plays everything on the
charts. "People steal my routines all the time. I see a little of my formations
in everybody else's band. Often imitated, never duplicated, is what I always
say."

There are 170 members in The Human Jukebox, not the biggest band around. "But
it's not the size of the ocean that makes you seasick," said Dr. Gregg. "It's
the blowin' and the showin'."

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              366 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

Black Hills wants to add turbine to new power plant

BYLINE: Peter Roper, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 753 words


March 26--News that Black Hills Energy intends to add another $102 million
turbine at the power plant it's building north of the city actually drew some
half-joking groans of dismay from City Council members this week.

After all, council only squabbled for more than a year over how to spend the
$7.5 million that Black Hills paid the city last year for the four-turbine plant
already under construction. Adding a fifth power turbine ought to bring the city
around $2 million in extra sales and use taxes.

"Oh great," Councilman Larry Atencio laughed Thursday. "Now we can fight over
that money."

Most of council was visiting Washington, D.C., last week when Black Hills filed
its application with the Colorado Public Utilities Commission on March 14,
requesting to build the additional turbine. It wasn't really a surprise to city
officials. When the utility got PUC approval for its new Pueblo plant, it had
indicated it wanted space for an additional turbine in the future.

Black Hills officials said the additional turbine is needed because the utility
intends to close its coal-fired plant in Canon City, as well as its old, natural
gas-fired turbine near the Historic Arkansas Riverwalk of Pueblo. That unit only
has been used in recent years to provide supplemental power in the summer.

The PUC filings don't discuss potential rate increases, but that would all come
later as the utility commission conducts a full review of Black Hills'
application.

There was some irony to the timing of the utility's filing. Much of the Pueblo
community's attention last week was focused on the Pueblo County commissioners,
who conducted  three days of crowded, contentious public hearings over a zoning
application intended for some future nuclear power plant.

"I was glad council wasn't having to settle that question," Councilman Steve
Nawrocki said Thursday. He was part of the five-member council delegation that
went to visit federal agencies and Congress last week.

Nawrocki called the Washington trip a success because the delegation met with
officials from the Department of Housing and Urban Development, as well as the
Federal Aviation Administration. The city is lobbying HUD to support a $22
million housing grant that the Pueblo Housing Authority applied for this year.
The money would be used to replace the old federal Sangre de Cristo Apartments
just off Prairie Avenue.

Nawrocki said the delegation got the commitment of Sens. Michael Bennet and Mark
Udall, both Democrats, as well as Rep. Scott Tipton, R-Colo., to support
Pueblo's application.

"We're in competition with Denver and some other cities for that housing grant,"
Councilman Leroy Garcia said. "I think it makes a difference in the city's favor
when an agency can associate a grant application with real people."

Councilwoman Judy Weaver said the FAA visit was also important. The city airport
needs to handle more than 10,000 passenger enplanements in a year to qualify for
$800,000 a year in federal airport funding.

"They were well-informed on our airport and that was refreshing," Weaver said.
"They seemed confident we'd cross the 10,000 enplanements this year."

What council really wanted was to find a federal grant to pay for $400,000 in
remodeling costs at the airport. That didn't happen.

"There may be some FAA grant money available for capital projects at the end of
the year, but no one was promising anything," Weaver said.

Earlier this month, council battled over how to divide $894,000 in Black Hills
revenue. Councilman Chris Kaufman had urged his colleagues to use $180,000 of
that money for the airport remodeling project this year, but a four-vote
majority of council -- Council President Ray Aguilera, Councilwoman Vera
Ortegon, Weaver and Atencio -- stuck to their original intent.

Those four voted to give $747,000 to the Pueblo Motorsports Park renovation work
and $147,000 to the city-owned Mountain Park Environmental Center to complete
the remodeling of the park's Horseshoe Lodge.

Kaufman, Garcia and Nawrocki wanted to spread that money over more groups. Which
is why Atencio laughed Thursday when told the city could be getting more Black
Hills revenue because of the new turbine application.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110326-PB-HLT-Black
-Hills-wants-to-add-turbine-to-new-power-plant-0326-20110326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2011 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              367 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 17, 1992, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PAYMENT FOR MURAL UP IN AIR ARTIST IS OWED $34,000 FOR LAMBERT ART

BYLINE: Linda Eardley Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 591 words


Walter Lathen and Vesta Pruitt look with pride on the 51-foot mural ''Black
Americans in Flight'' on permanent display at Lambert Field.  But they also feel
disappointment. Nearly two years after the mural was unveiled, the artist still
has not been paid in full. Contributions to the project have all but dried up.
''We have a signed contract with him stipulating he's to be paid $290,000, ''
Lathen said. ''It bothers me greatly. He finished the job. He's done an
excellent piece of artwork, and he should be paid.'' Lathen is treasurer of the
Committee for the Aviation Mural Project Success (CAMPS), which took the mural
from dream to reality. Pruitt is president.  The mural is on display on the
lower level of Lambert's main terminal. St.  Louis artist Spencer Taylor painted
it. Solomon Thurman did the historical research and blocked out the figures.
The mural traces achievements from 1917 to the present and includes 75
portraits. They range from Eugene Bullard, a World War I pilot who flew with the
French Flying Corps because of U.S. military segregationist policies, to Guion
Bluford, the first black to travel in space.  A large part of the mural concerns
the Tuskegee Airmen, who flew in the 99th Fighter Squadron in the Mediterranean
theater in World War II.  A few feet away is the late artist Siegfried
Reinhardt's mural depicting the history of manned flight. In 1984, Luther
Boykins, then a member of the St. Louis Airport Commission, called attention to
the lack of black fliers in Reinhardt's work. This spawned the idea for the
black aviators' mural.  CAMPS has raised all but $34,000 of the money owed
Taylor. About two-thirds of the contributions have come from corporations, the
rest from organizations and individuals.  Lathen said the project had not
received adequate support from the black community, particularly businesses and
men's organizations.  ''The (black) women's groups in the city have rallied to
our cause,'' he said. ''I contacted quite a few service groups, and every last
one I contacted gave us money. The men have fallen behind.'' Lathen said he and
Pruitt had sent hundreds of letters to organizations, churches, businesses and
individuals and had spoken at dozens of meetings trying to raise money. Both are
78-year-old retirees who volunteer their time to the project.  ''There were many
who just sort of ignored us,'' Pruitt said. Others said they would give but
didn't.  Those wishing to contribute should send checks, payable to CAMPS, to
Vesta Pruitt, 2800 Olive Street, Apt 7L, St. Louis, Mo. 63115.  Meanwhile,
Taylor - whose paintings are in museums in New York, New Orleans and
Philadelphia and in many private collections - is being patient. He said money
for the mural might be slow coming in because ''traditionally blacks don't get
to the airport too much.'' He noted that all people, regardless of race, could
benefit from this ''tremendous story of black history.'' ''I would like to get
paid, of course,'' Taylor said. ''But this situation I understand - I have to. I
realize I have to be very, very patient. I realize it's very, very difficult to
secure the necessary money.'' Taylor and Boykins said CAMPS might not have done
enough to appeal to the entire community.  Lathen said he had written letters
that were published in local newspapers.  He fears that, unless contributions
pick up, CAMPS may lose its tax-exempt status before its debt is paid.  ''I'm
bitter about it,'' he said. ''I feel there are enough of us to be able to pay
off $34,000 with no sweat.''

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO by Wendi Fitzgerald/Post-Dispatch ... Walter Lathen
standing with a scrapbook he has kept on the ''Black Americans in Flight'' mural
on permanent display at Lambert Field.

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              368 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       April 6, 2000 Thursday 2D EDITION

BLACK HAWK Voters remedy bad blood Embattled alderman fails in re-election bid

BYLINE: By George Lane, Denver Post Staff Writer,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-08

LENGTH: 485 words


The three successful candidates in Tuesday's Black Hawk City  Council election
declined to cite the obvious, but by electing  them, voters did what council
members didn't do last month -  remove Alderman George Armbright from office.

The result of the election to select three aldermen from a  slate of four
candidates was Richard Ummel, 37 votes; Richard  Cottrell, 33 votes; Alderman
Tom Kerr, 27 votes; and Armbright, 22  votes.

'I think they beat me pretty bad,' Armbright said Wednesday.  'But, that's OK. I
was retired before, and I'll be retired again.  But I'll keep my nose in it as
best I can.'

Armbright, a former Black Hawk town marshal, butted heads  with some of his
fellow council members last year when he  spearheaded the effort to have former
city manager Lynnette Hailey  fired and allegedly threatened the jobs of other
city employes.

He was accused of pushing Hailey from office because she  insisted that he clear
up files related to thousands of dollars in  historic-preservation money used to
remodel, and more than double,  the size of his home.

Armbright said he had problems with Hailey not because of the
historic-preservation money, but because she sanctioned deals  involving other
council members that weren't proper.

Specifically, Armbright charged that three council members'  ownership of the
property that was improved with city money to  provide a temporary relocation of
the post office was tainted.

At the conclusion of a hearing last month with council  members sitting as a
jury, Armbright was ordered to repay almost  $ 9,000 in historic-preservation
money and to apologize to city  employees that he had intimidated.

'I think I created enough problems for them that they had to  relook at what
they were doing and maybe do it differently now,'  Armbright said Wednesday. He
also said that with the new council  members, Black Hawk may be able to enjoy
good government.

The three victors preferred to talk about the future of Black  Hawk rather than
Armbright.

'I saw really no problem I was running against or to correct  or anything else,'
said Ummel, a Black Hawk real-estate agent. 'I  was encouraged by several
residents to run. I would like to see  the residents up here get some better
streetlights, sidewalks,  street improvements and maybe buried utilities.'

Kerr said his vision is of Black Hawk as a destination resort  town within the
next few years when the building of casinos stops.  'We're going to have more
hotel rooms,' the re-elected alderman  said. 'That dictates more entertainment,
recreation.'

Cottrell - who works at Crooks Palace, an old saloon and  town gathering place -
like Kerr talked of a changing Black Hawk  that is going to need a grocery
store, a dry cleaner and places to  live for the people who work in the gambling
industry.

LOAD-DATE: April 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post /Lyn Alweis The three successful candidates for
Black Hawk City Council are, from left, incumbent Alderman Tom Kerr; real-estate
agent Richard Ummel; and saloon worker Richard Cottrell.

                        Copyright 2000 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            June 27, 2007 Wednesday

Like Deep Throat said, 'follow the money' to Blacks door, jurors told

BYLINE: Andrew Clark, Chicago

SECTION: GUARDIAN FINANCIAL PAGES; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 445 words


Jurors in Conrad Black's racketeering trial were urged yesterday to "follow the
money" - and find a trail of multi-million dollar embezzlement ending at the
door of the former Daily Telegraph owner.

In Chicago's federal court, prosecutor Eric Sussman seized a final chance to
rebut closing defence arguments. "It's as simple as 'follow the money'," he
said, quoting the words of "Deep Throat" to investigative journalist Bob
Woodward.

Asking jurors if they had seen All the Presidents' Men, the film of the 1972
Watergate cover-up, Mr Sussman pointed out Lord Black was the beneficiary of a
$60m series of disputed payments at Hollinger International: "The money
certainly leads to Conrad Black and to (co-defendants) Peter Atkinson and Jack
Boultbee."

The gallery was packed with defendants' families in a last display of support
for the former executives accused of plundering funds in phony "non-compete"
agreements attached to sale of local newspapers in Canada and the US.

In three months of evidence, Lord Black's partner David Radler admitted his role
in a plot to embezzle funds from shareholders - but accused the peer of being
the brains and inspiration. Mr Sussman acknowledged jurors had to tread
carefully in evaluating Radler's account, giving evidence under a plea deal for
a light sentence; Mr Sussman described him as a criminal, a fraudster and a
known liar.

But, Lord Black had been "chumming" around with Radler since they began business
in 1969 - each was as bad as the other: "David Radler didn't turn into a
criminal overnight. They're birds of a feather; Conrad Black and David Radler
nested together for over 30 years."

Defence lawyers argue Radler orchestrated the fraud behind Lord Black's back. Mr
Sussman pointed out the peer was the bigger beneficiary, $14.7m in disputed
payments, compared to Radler's $8.8m.

"David Radler is not Robin Hood," said Mr Sussman. "Why would he be stealing
money to pay Conrad Black's mortgage?"

In a light linen suit and a red polka-dot ted tie, Lord Black, 62, looked on
impassively. Overcoming objections, Mr Sussman conceded Hollinger's audit
committee ought to have spotted millions flowing to top executives; members of
the committee (including ex-Illinois governor Jim Thompson and economist
Marie-Josee Kravis) were "grossly negligent".

"But, you know what?" Mr Sussman asked rhetorically. "Just because the security
guard was asleep, doesn't mean the robbery didn't really happen."

Judge Amy St Eve told the panel of 12 jurors and three alternates she would
instruct them on the law this morning, and they would retire by the day's end.

If convicted, Lord Black faces a notional maximum sentence of nine decades.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               June 11, 1998, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Black leaders protest NationsBank merger

BYLINE: JEFF HARRINGTON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 558 words



A group of black business leaders from throughout Florida is challenging
NationsBank Corp.'s merger with BankAmerica Corp., saying the mega-bank has
broken past promises of aid and is fuzzy about future commitments.

The group includes the African-American Chambers of Commerce, Black  Business
Associations and Black Business Investment Corporations. On Tuesday,  the group,
calling itself the Coalition, filed a complaint with the Federal  Reserve
against Charlotte, N.C.-based NationsBank. The Federal Reserve has  invited
public comment before it decides whether to approve or seek changes in  the $
60-billion merger.

In addition to seeking a 30-day extension of the comment period, the  Florida
group wants the chief executives of NationsBank and Bank of America to  attend
hearings on community lending in Miami, Orlando and Jacksonville.

The complaint was foreshadowed last week when many of the state's Black
Business Investment Corporations, including the one in Tampa, said they would
reject a $ 1.4-million pledge offered by NationsBank. The organizations were
upset the pledge was structured as a loan, unlike grants from other donors  that
are eligible for matching funds.

NationsBank said it used a zero-interest loan only for accounting reasons.  Even
so, the BBICs said $ 1.4-million was too small a start on the $ 35-million,
multifaceted investment in minority communities that NationsBank outlined last
year when it was seeking approval for its previous big merger, the  $
15.5-billion acquisition of Florida's Barnett Banks.

The combined NationsBank-BankAmerica has said it will invest more than  $
350-billion over the next 10 years in community projects nationwide. But the
lack of specifics has angered the Florida coalition as well as other groups
around the country that also have filed protests with the Federal Reserve.

"If they can't come through on a modest $ 1.4-million commitment, how can  they
be expected to follow through on a $ 350-billion commitment," said  Gregory
Hobbs, executive director of Florida's Black Business Investment  Board.

"We're saying, "Be specific so we can hold you accountable.' "

He compared the situation with a business customer seeking a loan from the
bank. The bank wouldn't lend the money without first seeing a detailed plan of
how it will be spent, Hobbs said.

To NationsBank, the analogy falls short.

The $ 350-billion is not a pool of money to be divvied up among the states,  the
bank says; it is a commitment of money to be spent in communities  nationwide on
a case-by-case basis as projects are proposed.

NationsBank spokesman Scott Scredon said a number of communities in  different
states have been asking the bank to break down how it will spend the  funds.

"There's a misconception," Scredon said. "There is no floor. There is no
set-aside. It's all based on demand. . . . We're purposely leaving it
open-ended so people can come to us."

That open-door policy holds true as well, the bank says, for ongoing
discussions with Florida's black business leaders about when and how
NationsBank will follow through with its earlier $ 35-million promise.

But Hobbs said his group already may have gained some leverage with the  bank
through its protest. "I think we've gotten their attention," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              371 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 26, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton's Comments on His Links to Minorities

SECTION: Section A; Page 24; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 741 words


Following are excerpts from an interview of President Clinton in the Oval Office
by The New York Times:

Q. It can be said that the state of race relations has never been better. . . .
I want you to try to explain an interesting dynamic, though. Some of your --
many of your policies, especially earlier in your presidency -- welfare reform,
the abandonment of the fiscal stimulus package, support of the death penalty --
were opposed by these traditional civil rights leaders, these minority
politicians. How do you reconcile this? What's going on here?


A. Well, first of all, I had a record on civil rights matters and relations with
blacks that went back through my whole public life, when I started. I also
probably had more extensive personal contacts and friendships before I started
-- not so much in the Black Caucus and the Congress, but I mean in the country
-- than any white politician who had run for president in a long time, because
it's been such a part of my life, it was so important to me -- and because of
just fortuitous things -- the first A.M.E. church was in Little Rock. I hosted
all the A.M.E. bishops when I was governor. We had black leaders from all over
the country come back when we celebrated the 30th anniversary of Little Rock
Central High School. Most of the black churches had their national conventions
there at one time or another.

When I ran for president in '92, in Chicago, the county attorney, the man who is
now president of the Cook County Board, Congressman Danny Davis, three aldermen,
three Democratic ward chairs were all from Arkansas. We're all born there. Part
of the history of the diaspora after the war, you know.

So a lot of this was just personal, and I think that even when some people
disagreed with some of my policies, they knew where I was on the big issues of
race and civil rights and equal opportunity. I think that's right. And I think
that the fact that when we got into welfare reform, they saw that I was going to
fight for what I wanted -- that I did think there should be mandatory work
requirements, but I would not abandon the food stamps and Medicaid requirements
for the kids.

Q. . . .What's your biggest worry about the future of the welfare bill? . . .

A. I think the biggest worry -- first of all, I think if there is a recession
that makes it impossible for people to work, even though they're able-bodied, we
have built in a big cushion of money in there. We gave the states the money in a
block of money, based on the welfare rolls in February of '94 -- I believe
that's right -- which was the highest welfare rolls we'd ever had. So even
though the welfare rolls went down, as long as they were putting it back in. So
I think there will be an appropriate response.

What I've always worried about is that some of the people who would be hardest
to place might be caught up in time limits because they superficially looked
like they could work, but that the states would not provide enough support to
make sure they could get into and stay in the work force.

But the other major criticism of the welfare reform bill I just thought was
wrong -- and I think a lot of people didn't even know this at the time, meaning
a lot of people who were writing about it -- which is that, by agreeing to let
the states set the benefit level by block-granting that money, I was somehow
abandoning a federal commitment to poor people. But the truth is that since the
early '70s, states had been able to set their monthly benefits, they just
couldn't go below where they were back then.

So when we started working on welfare reform, the support levels for a family of
three -- before welfare -- varied from a low of under $200 a month in
Mississippi, Texas and one or two other places to $665 a month in Vermont. And
everybody -- so, in other words, they had, in effect, been setting their own
benefit levels all that time.

What I was really worried about was the desire of the Republicans in Congress to
block-grant the money going -- to stop the food stamps and Medicaid for the
kids. But I really felt that if we gave them enough money, and they had to put
more money into child care and into job training, into transportation, and all
that sort of stuff, this thing would work pretty well. And I think it plainly
has.

But I am worried about the hardest-to-place, when you have a combination of
tough times and people who may not care about them.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Text; Interview

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              372 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   February 2, 2000, Wednesday, Final Edition

Council Untroubled By Sheriff's Actions

Craig Whitlock, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: PG EXTRA; Pg. M03

LENGTH: 1032 words



It's an emerging scandal without much outrage, at least not from the Prince
George's County Council.

News that the sheriff's office ignored county law and kept about $ 45,000 in
cash from alleged drug dealers in a safe for seven years--even hiding the money
from the council's Office of Audits and Investigations--has provoked scarcely a
yawn from council members, who say they have no plans to review how the money
was handled.

"I don't see anything malicious about it," said Isaac J. Gourdine (D-Fort
Washington), echoing a widely held sentiment among his colleagues. "I think it
was just a mistake, and I don't see that it's anything that would make or break
the sheriff's office."

The money wasn't discovered until November, when a whistleblower tipped off the
council's auditors to its presence, several months after the cash was concealed
by the sheriff's office when auditors conducted a review of the agency's books.

The sheriff's department later opened an investigation, after The Washington
Post disclosed on Jan. 24 that sheriff's officials had hidden the cash for seven
years as the office lobbied for a new law that would have enabled it to keep the
funds. Under current county law, drug forfeiture money seized by local law
enforcement agencies is divvied up among the county police department, the
state's attorney's office and the health department--but none goes to the
sheriff.

Since then, sheriff's officials have struggled to explain why they didn't
deposit the money in the county treasury--as required by law--for so long and
why it was kept out of the auditors' sight.

So far, however, the County Council hasn't been pressing for answers. Many
members said that they have confidence in Sheriff Alonzo D. Black (D) and that
they were content to let him handle the case internally.

Sheriff's officials have not given a timetable for their probe.

"It merits further investigation," said council Vice Chairman Peter A. Shapiro
(D-Brentwood). "But I trust Sheriff Black will handle it appropriately. He's a
man of integrity."

Council member M.H. Jim Estepp (D-Croom) said that sheriff's officials "clearly
violated the established procedures" by failing to turn over immediately
confiscated cash to county finance officials. "Obviously, we need to get to the
bottom of this."

But Estepp demurred when asked whether the council itself should investigate,
saying he would leave that up to Black. "I have had no reason not to have a high
level of confidence in Sheriff Black," he said.

Black's role is part of the controversy. His chief deputy, Lt. Col. John E.
Moss, said last month that neither he nor the sheriff knew anything about the
missing money.

But Black's predecessor as sheriff, James V. Aluisi, and two former assistant
sheriffs have said that Black had been aware of the money since it was seized in
1993 and that he was also in charge of seeking new legislation to enable the
sheriff's office to keep the cash.

Black, 53, has refused to comment and has declined repeated interview requests.
His spokesman, Sgt. Bill Ament, did not return phone calls.

During his campaign in 1998, Black pitched himself as a man voters could trust
to fix problems in the sheriff's office, which was struggling to perform its
most basic duties after a long political and legal fight over its budget with
County Executive Wayne K. Curry (D).

"My integrity is above reproach, my honesty unquestionable," Black's campaign
literature said.

In one of his first acts after taking office in December 1998, Black wrote to
Estepp, who was then council chairman, and asked for a "comprehensive" audit of
all property in the sheriff's department, including vehicles, weapons and
forfeited cash seized during criminal investigations. The purpose, according to
his staff, was to make sure everything was on the up and up as a new
administration took power.

In two internal memos, Black and Moss ordered all sheriff's employees to
cooperate fully with the auditors. They also warned that any "missing property,
monies or funds" would be investigated by the sheriff's department's internal
affairs division.

Despite such measures, the county auditors found no trace of the $ 45,000 when
they combed the agency's books in February. Even after the auditors went over
their findings with top sheriff's officials in March, no one mentioned the
confiscated drug money.

The money remained a secret until November, when a senior fiscal manager in the
sheriff's office, Harold Irv Smith, informed auditors that they had missed it.

The auditors conducted a follow-up review and found $ 44,653 in the sheriff's
property room safe. But unlike the conclusions of their initial audit, which
they made public in March and distributed to County Council members and dozens
of other officials, the auditors told only a few people about the secret stash
of cash and made no report to the public or the council.

David Van Dyke, who then was acting county auditor, reported the missing money
in a memo to Black that he copied to Council Administrator David L. Goode and
Howard Stone, Curry's chief administrative officer. Council members, however,
were not notified.

Van Dyke said in a recent interview that he was not trying to suppress the
findings. "We didn't see the purpose of issuing it in a report form," he said.

Neither Goode nor council Chairman Dorothy F. Bailey (D-Temple Hills) returned
phone calls.

The money in question was seized on Feb. 18, 1993, when sheriff's deputies and
FBI agents raided an Oxon Hill apartment in search of a murder suspect from the
District. Officers found cash, seven handguns and 1,783 grams of marijuana. On
the kitchen table was a grape juice bottle filled with 10 ounces of liquid PCP,
according to court records.

The murder suspect, 30-year-old Darnell Maddox, and the apartment's tenant,
Sarah Nell Lee, were arrested and indicted on drug-trafficking charges.

Those charges were later dismissed, however, when a Prince George's judge ruled
that the deputies and FBI agents conducted an illegal search because they lacked
a proper warrant. The murder charge against Maddox also was later dismissed.

LOAD-DATE: February 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              373 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Independent on Sunday (London)

                            December 1, 2002, Sunday

APPLE TURNOVER;
  THE NEW YORKER' IS BACK IN THE BLACK. HOW HAS DAVID REMNICK DONE IT? ASKS
JASON NISSE

BYLINE: Jason Nisse

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1, 3

LENGTH: 303 words


It was a party with a difference. Everyone wore black T-shirts with the letters
ITB ("in the black") on them; the food included black cupcakes; and some people
even considered dyeing their hair black to celebrate. And well they might,
because for the first time since Conde Nast bought it 17 years ago, the
venerable magazine The New Yorker is making money.

The party, hosted by New Yorker publisher David Carey and Conde Nast president
Steven T Florio late last month, was in honour of David Remnick, the editor who
has turned the magazine's fortunes around.

When he took charge, replacing British journalist Tina Brown in 1999, the
publication was believed to be losing nearly $ 10m (pounds 6.45m) a year. A
gradual circulation rise, to more than 900,000, along with a 10 per cent staff
cut, has bought it into profit. Though Conde Nast will not release figures, it
is believed to have made around $ 2m on turnover of $ 100m this year.

Making money, though, does not come naturally to The New Yorker. Many in the
publishing world have dubbed the magazine "Si Newhouse's folly", wondering why
the boss of the Vogue and Vanity Fair publisher would want to plough his
millions into a venture that lost so much money.

The magazine was founded in 1925 by Harold Ross, who initially edited it from
his home in the Hell's Kitchen district of Manhattan, enlisting the aid of
writers at the Round Table in the Algonquin Hotel, including the humorist
Dorothy Parker.

The New Yorker nearly closed many times because of lack of money. It only really
achieved stability under the 35-year reign of its later editor William Shawn. He
retired in 1987 shortly after the magazine was sold to Conde Naste.

Now it seems that, after 77 years, the editorially feted publication is at last
a commercial success.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 Independent Print Ltd


                              374 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 15, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NORHTEAST JOURNAL

SECTION: Section 1; Part 2, Page 42, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 966 words



A Tight Fit In Maryland

HISTORIANS who study the two terms of Harry R. Hughes as Governor of Maryland
would not be incorrect if they wrote that Mr. Hughes grew in office.

In 1986, his last year as Governor, Mr. Hughes spent more than $6,000 from the
Governor's discretionary fund to make sure his clothes and his wife's clothes
fit.

Those who made the alterations reported that much of the work involved letting
out the waists on suits and dresses.

Mr. Hughes spent $1,188 in November, $3,962 in December and another $171 in his
last week as Governor in January.

The Legislature appropriates $40,000 annually for the Governor's discretionary
fund, which has no restrictions. New shoes and suits are permitted. Most of the
money usually is spent on entertainment and food.

Aides to the new Governor, William Donald Schaefer, complained that only $2,599
remained in the discretionary account with several months left in the fiscal
year. The new administration has requested a $10,000 advance on next year's
appropriation.

Mr. Schaefer joked about the account at a recent news conference.''There wasn't
any money left - I'm having hot dogs and beans,'' he said.

Mr. Hughes may have to report the money spent on the alterations on his income
tax return.

John Dearing, a spokesman for the Internal Revenue Service in Baltimore, said
the I.R.S. had no policy on the use of such discretionary funds.

''Even the State Legislature doesn't have a policy on how it should be used,''
Mr. Dearing said. ''He may have to request a special ruling from the I.R.S.''

Mr. Hughes has said the expenditures were legitimate. The former Governor said
similar expenditures were not questioned in the past and that he had managed the
account well in his eight years in office

Black Landmark Repaired in Boston

THE three-story brick building in which Boston's early black residents prayed
and organized to oppose slavery is undergoing a nine-month renovation intended
to transform it into a museum and research center dedicated to black history.

Nestled in a side street in the city's affluent Beacon Hill neighborhood, the
African Meeting House is the oldest church building for blacks still standing in
the country. It was built in 1805, according to restorers. The building was the
center for the abolitionist movement run by William Lloyd Garrison in 1832 after
city officials ejected him from nearby Faneuil Hall. It also served as a forum
for Frederick Douglass's fiery anti-slavery oratory, a haven for runaway slaves
and a school for black children.

The African Meeting House will still be used for marriages and christenings
after it is restored, but will primarily be devoted to exhibits and lectures
about black history and movies depicting the church's function in the slavery
era.

Some of the first worshipers in the church might not have approved of its new
role. Historians say people who thought the church should only be used for
religious meetings and ceremonies stopped going there when the abolitionists
moved in.

At the end of the 19th century, the building was sold to a Jewish congregation
and used as an Orthodox synagogue as the black population, which was then more
than 8,000, gradually moved away from Beacon Hill to neighborhoods like Roxbury.

After a fire gutted the building in the last decade, it was bought by the Museum
of Afro-American History, which is executing the renovations with a $1 million
grant from the National Park Service.

''The Meeting House was a kind of unifying symbol for black people,'' said Ruth
Batson, director of the museum. ''Most Bostonians think that black people just
sprang up somehow in Roxbury.''

A Curtain Falls In New Hampshire

IT was rough going from the very beginning for the Theater-by-the-Sea in
Portsmouth, N.H. Its first home, opened in 1964, was a waterfront granary. For
overhead lights, stagehands used three-pound coffee cans.

Recognized as the leading professional theater in northern New England, it moved
to new, well-equipped facilities in 1979. But financial woes have finally forced
the theater to close.

In the last few years debts and deficits became acute, plunging the theater
$300,000 into the red, said Bill Cormier, vice president of the Board of
Trustees. A last-ditch attempt in January to raise $250,000 failed. Still
needing $90,000, the theater closed on Feb. 10.

Mr. Cormier estimated that businesses in the neighborhood would lose $1 million
in revenues as a result of the closing.

In its 23 years, the theater had gained a reputation for its high professional
standards. ''Theater-by-the-Sea was certainly the leadership theater in bringing
equity theater to the region,'' said Barbara Rosoff, director of Portland Stage
Company in Portland, Me.

The theater was known for quality productions and a varied repertory. Scheduled
to open on Feb. 13, three days after the theater closed, was ''Sizwe Banzi,'' an
indictment of South Africa's system of racial discrimination.

To reopen debt-free and with ownership of its building, the theater needs half a
million dollars, but, said Mr. Cormier, ''In order to save this thing, what we
really need is serious, continuous support.''

Without local subsidies and ''full participation by communities,'' Ms. Rosoff
fears the theater's closing could be a premonition of things to come for other
regional, nonprofit arts organizations.

''In this day of Federal cutbacks, it rings a very clear message that we are
extraordinarily vulnerable in this business,'' she said.

Mr. Cormier said the theater itself had to accept some blame for closing. ''The
major factor was we progressively lost our marketing edge in the seacoast
area,'' he said. ''We didn't spend enough on advertising and public relations -
that was the largest culprit.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map of Northeast; photo of the exterior African Meeting House in
Boston(AP)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              375 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               September 12, 1996, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

CAMPAIGN 96: THE ISSUES;
Politicians vouch for school equality;
But a proposed 'choice' policy has some educators alarmed.

BYLINE: Jim Yardley; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 917 words

DATELINE: Yazoo City, Miss.


Like most white parents in Yazoo City, Haley Barbour sends his son, Reeves, to
Manchester Academy, the private school a few hundred yards across a field of
dead corn from its mostly black, public counterpart, Yazoo City High School.

The two schools have not competed in sports or academics since Manchester was
founded 27 years ago in defiance of public school integration. This picture of
two schools so close together, yet so profoundly divided, is the failed legacy
of court-ordered integration in the Mississippi Delta, though people in Yazoo
City once believed their town would be different.

Today, Barbour, the chairman of the Republican National Committee, and his
fellow Republicans espouse a dramatic policy change known as "school choice"
that would provide publicly funded cash vouchers to allow poor children, if they
so choose, to attend private or parochial schools. Republican presidential
nominee Bob Dole says vouchers would create competition between public and
private schools, forcing public schools to improve to keep students and tax
dollars.

President Clinton also has focused attention on education during the campaign
but has stopped short of steps that could lead to major upheavals. The
centerpiece of his education program is a massive effort to increase literacy.

Here in Barbour's hometown, where he still lives though he frequently travels to
Washington, many whites and blacks believe the school vouchers Dole proposes
would further cripple a public school system that has suffered a slow erosion of
community support since integration in 1970. Blacks, in particular, bristle at
the thought of public money subsidizing a school with Manchester's
segregationist legacy. Though Manchester advertises itself as
non-discriminatory, the school did not accept its first black student, a
transfer from Maryland, until this year.

'They're going to take'

"Manchester was set up to keep white families from going to school with blacks,"
said Joseph Thomas, a former member of the city school board. "The public would
be helping to finance some of these schools."

Yazoo City Schools Superintendent Arthur Cartlidge believes a voucher system
would devastate public systems like Yazoo City, which ranks as Mississippi's
third poorest school district with a tax base of only $ 30 million. By moving
more money out of the system with vouchers, Cartlidge said, decline, not
improvement, would follow. Private schools such as Manchester or wealthier
public systems such as the Yazoo County schools could siphon off students and
dollars.

"They're not going to give us anything," he said, "but they're going to take
away."

Money shortages forced Yazoo City High principal John Wallace to slash $ 150,000
from his budget this year. His band can travel only to select road football
games because there is not enough money to rent buses. He cannot fill 10 empty
teaching positions, so class sizes have swelled.

Narrow options

Vouchers are usually discussed in the context of large cities. In Cleveland, for
example, city officials launched a pilot voucher program this year, enabling
poor students to choose between hundreds of public, parochial and private
schools. But Yazoo County has only Manchester and two smaller private schools in
addition to the county and city public systems. None of the private schools is
large enough to absorb large numbers of new students if hundreds of students
left the public system with vouchers.

Even if they could take in large numbers of black students, private schools like
Manchester have shown no inclination to do so. A network of private schools
hurriedly opened in Mississippi in response to massive integration in 1970. In
the Mississippi Delta, where blacks greatly outnumber whites, these schools
remain open today, serving white students almost exclusively.

Manchester headmaster Mike Hardwick said school choice hasn't been discussed at
board meetings. "I don't know hardly anything about the voucher system,"
Hardwick said. He said Manchester now styles itself as a nondiscriminatory,
college prep academy, costing, on average, $ 2,000 a year.

"I would tend to think we have evolved somewhat," Hardwick said. "The principal,
the teachers, there's not a person I know of who was here in '69-'70." Jeppie
Barbour, Haley's brother and Yazoo City's mayor during integration, said, "I
think the money is enough to where a lot of private schools will push their
board to accept these vouchers because the people already in there would get
some (tax) relief themselves."

The 'ultimate jump'

But Ardis Russell, one of the dwindling number of whites who has kept his
children in the public schools, blames Manchester for dividing the city. He said
whites perceive the public schools as bad for the most part because they are
mostly black. White enrollment, once as high as 40 percent, is now about 14
percent. Whites who left complained of discipline problems and declining
academic standards. Blacks, and whites such as Russell, disagree.

When integration came, Russell and others remember a smooth transition. Whites
pledged to support the public schools and make Yazoo City a success story.
President Jimmy Carter held a town meeting at the high school. In 1970, Yazoo
City native son and author Willie Morris returned home to write a book, "Yazoo,"
detailing integration. Morris, like others in the '70s, believed Manchester
would eventually die.

"I misjudged that," Morris says now.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Haley Barbour sends his son to a private school in Yazoo City,
 Miss./ RICK MCKAY / Washington Bureau

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              376 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 29, 1977, Saturday, Final Edition

Black Mayors Here On Peaceful Quest For Federal Help;
New Analysis

BYLINE: By Milton Coleman, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A2

LENGTH: 845 words


Abandoning much of the rhetoric and confrontation politics of the activist
movements that helped to get them elected the nation's black mayors have chosen
a quieter course of pragmatic politics to obtain the millions of dollars in
federal funds they believe their cities cannot do without.

There is no longer talk of cutting the massive Defense Department budget to get
more money for social programs.  Some black mayors now say that whatever the
Pentagon budget is, they just want their communities to get a fair share of the
contracts.

When more than 100 black mayors gathered here this week for the three-day
meeting of the National Conference of Black Mayors, there was no march to the
Capitol, not even a bus trip.  Instead, the mayors talked with federal
bureaucrats who administer various urban aid programs, learned the how-to's of
writing proposals for federal grants, and then made plans to open a Washington
office to ride herd on their assistance requests.

"Ten years ago, when I was marching in the civil rights movement, we were
fighting these agencies," said 35-year-old Johnny Ford, who in 1972 became the
first black mayor of Tuskegee, Ala.  "Now, we're compromising, we're
negotiating, we're sitting down at the table and bargaining.  This whole
business of government is political.  Discretionary funds come to the cities who
work for them."

The conference, which it represents all 161 black mayors in the country, began
in Tuskegee in 1973 with only eight, who called themselves the Southern
Conference of Black Mayors.

Since then, their ranks have been swelled by elections throughout the country as
a result of stronger federal voting rights legislation, increased black
political awareness and shifts in population.  Six months ago, the Southern
black mayors were joined by some 60 others from non-Southern areas.  This week's
convention, held at the Sheraton Park Hotel, was the first meeting of the
nationwide group.

The better-known black mayors - Thomas Bradley of Los Angeles, Coleman Young of
Detroit, Kenneth Gibson of Newark and Richard G. Hatcher of Gary, Ind. - were
either late arrivals or represented by standins.

Most visible were mayors like A.J. Cooper of Prichard, Ala., the first president
of this organization; Maynard Jackson of Atlanta, also highly regarded by many
of the group's members; and Walter E. Washington of the District, who spent
considerable time and money as the conference's host and wound up being elected
to its executive board.

The absence of the big-name mayors emphasized the fact that most of the black
mayors are from smaller communities, usually towns of 3,000 or less.  Despite a
meeting goal of a "rural and urban partnership," the group still appears to be
Southern dominated and small-town oriented.

The mayors hope to minimize conflicts that could develop because of the
differing needs of different sized cities.

"What we have to consider as a national organization is not what is good for my
city or your city, but what is good for all cities," Cooper said.  "If
Prichard's giving up some money (through a change in federal allocation
formulae) would assist some of the cities that are in bad shape, and some of the
cities that are in good shape with budget surpluses would give up some money
too.  I would be willing to recommend that we go ahead and give up the money."

In some respects, the emergence of the national black mayors group is evidence
of the absence of a black presidence in Washington that might, to some, be
represented in the Congressional Black Caucus.

Neither the mayors nor the caucus chairman, Rep. Parren J. Mitchell (D-Md.),
speak publicly of rivalry between the two groups.  Instead, there is talk mainly
of a difference in functions, and the observation that most of the 17 caucus
members come from Northern, Midwestern and Western states and just about all of
them represent urbanized constituencies.

"The caucus has a different agenda.  The caucus has a full-time job helping to
see that we get legislation through," said Ford.  "We are dealing with
administration agencies, and we have to be powerful in our own right."

The caucus has been sharply critical of the performances of the Carter
administration, accusing it at times of not being sensitive enough to the needs
of blacks.  But the mayors' group, with its high dependence on administrative
agencies, was noticeably more muffled when asked to assess how the White House
is doing.

"Carter is going to be a great President and will do a lot for the black
community," Cooper said.  "We have to insist that he make the urban and domestic
problems the No. 1 priority on his agenda."

Housing and Urban Development Secretary Patricia R. Harris spoke to the mayors
and more than 500 guess at a luncheon yesterday, but voiced little more than a
possible timetable for release of a long-awaited administration urban policy
plan.

She also said any weakening of the Carter administration's embattled energy plan
would severely hurt poor people, like those many of the black mayors represent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              377 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Digg Classifieds

                         Street   466 West Lake Street
                              Elmhurst,  IL 60126
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.diggclassifieds.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are manufacturer and seller of all sort of chemicals which includes S.S.D
SOLUTION, SUPER AUTOMATIC SOLUTION, VECTROL PASTE and NDS SOLUTION,MERCURY
POWDER ZWV4, ACTIVATION POWDER ETC. We have different types of chemicals that
can perfectly clean out your deface currency/black/stacked and dirty currency or
bank notes. I hereby use this media to inform you, that our company can clean
out deface currency, also called anti-breeze (stained money) bank notes, We have
all kinds of chemicals used for cleaning of anti-breeze, black money or stained
money in currencies such as U.S Dollar, Euro, Pound, and all local currencies,
even if your defaced note is 25 years old, we also work on commission.  WE ALSO
SALE CHEMICALS LIKE TOURMALINE, S.S.D. Chemical / Solution, CASTRO X OXIDE, A4.
AND MANY LIKE ACTIVATION POWDER & SSD SOLUTION FOR CLEANING BLACK MONEY AND
ACTIVATING MACHINES. Chemical and Allied products incorporated is a major
manufacturer of industrial and pharmaceutical products with key specialization
in the production of S.S.D Automatic solution used in the cleaning of black
money,defaced money and stained bank notes with anti breeze quality, WE WORK ON
COMMISSION. WE ALSO OFFER MACHINES TO DO THE BIG CLEANINGS, AND WE DO DELIVERY
OF PRODUCTS TO BUYERS DESTINATIONS.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              378 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            December 10, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

N.C. Mutual has strong black ties;
Company faces challenge building business up again

BYLINE: JEFF ZIMMER jzimmer@heraldsun.com; 419-6622

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 512  words


A stalwart among Durham's businesses, North Carolina Mutual Life Insurance Co.
has long been a source of pride in the Bull City's black business community.

The company was founded in 1898 as North Carolina Mutual and Provident
Association by prominent black community leaders and businessmen, including the
city's first black physician, Aaron M. Moore.

In 1920, a year after it adopted its current name, N.C. Mutual's assets topped
$1 million. That made it the first black-owned and managed insurance company to
reach that mark.

A number of prominent Durham businesses grew out of Mutual, including Mechanics
and Farmers Bank and Mutual Community Savings Bank. Their early success led to
downtown's Parrish Street being dubbed the nation's "Black Wall Street."

While N.C. Mutual has gone on to become known as the oldest and largest black
life insurance company in the nation, it has gone through some difficult times
in recent years.

In 1989, the company had more than $217 million in assets and 800 employees
spread across 12 states. In 1990, the company slashed its work force to about
470 after a money-losing foray into health insurance.

And then, just as James Speed took the company's helm in 2003 as chief
executive, the firm found itself entangled in a money-losing line of business:
student group health and accident.

Largely because the policies were underpriced, the company ended up posting
losses of $5 million in 2002 and $10.7 million in 2003.

In 2003, A.M. Best downgraded the firm's rating from B++ to B+ because of the
losses. N.C. Mutual exited the student group line of business in 2004.

The challenge for Speed and the company in the past two years has been spending
millions to build up new business through its individual life insurance line at
a time when the company's money is tight.

Speed estimated the company will write $3.5 million in premiums for new
individual coverage this year, although those new policies are driving this
year's losses.

At the same time Mutual is fighting the flow of red ink, the company's assets
have shrunk, from $172 million at the end of 2004 to $151 million as of Sept.
30, according to financial reports filed with the state's insurance department.

At the end of 2004, Mutual had $82 million in bonds and $7.6 million in stocks.
By the end of Sept. 30, the company reported $77.3 million in bonds and $1.7
million in stocks -- with the firm's stock holdings dropping $2 million in the
third quarter alone after Mutual sold off more than half of its stock portfolio
during the quarter.

While Speed, a former executive at Hardee's Food Systems in Rocky Mount, is
counting on boosting Mutual's individual line of business, it's the group
insurance policies that produce about 85 percent of the company's premium
revenues.

But the group business isn't growing like the individual line, said Speed, who
state records show earned a $401,000 salary in 2005 and received a $35,100
bonus.

"If you have 100 policies on the books and never put a new one on, once those
100 people die, what do you have?" Speed said. "No premiums coming in."

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Durham Herald Co.


                              379 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

PM Modi: Worshippers of black money portraying note ban as anti-people

BYLINE: johnson t a

LENGTH: 631  words

DATELINE: Bengaluru


Some "worshippers of black money" were projecting the November 8 demonetisation
exercise carried out by the Indian government as anti-people, Prime Minister
Narendra Modi told over 6,000 delegates from the Indian diaspora at the
inauguration of the 14th edition of the Pravasi Bharatiya Divas on Sunday.

"Friends, after coming here you may have heard about and seen our efforts to
tackle corruption and black money. We have taken a massive step against
corruption and black money. Corruption and black money gradually erodes our
political system, country, society and governance. It is unfortunate that some
worshippers of black money are projecting our efforts as anti-people," the Prime
Minister said in a speech in which he thanked the diaspora for backing the
government's efforts.

Following his visits to the USA, UK, Australia, South Africa, UAE, Qatar,
Singapore, Fiji, China, Japan, South Korea, Kenya, Mauritius, Seychelles, and
Malaysia, "there is new energy, keen desire and strong drive among the Indian
diaspora to connect more extensively and deeply with India's social and economic
transformation," the Prime Minister said.

"In foreign lands and communities across the globe, irrespective of the path
they take, and the goals they pursue, the Indian diaspora represents the best of
Indian culture, ethos and values. Their hard work, discipline, law-abiding and
peace-loving nature are role models for other immigrant communities abroad," he
said.

The Prime Minister announced an extension of the deadline for overseas Indians
to convert their Person of Indian Origin (PIO) cards to Overseas Citizen of
India cards by six months.

"I keep saying and I also wish (for conversion of PIO cards to OCI cards) but
you are all very busy and so you have not been able to do this. So, seeing your
preoccupation, I am happy to announce that we have extended the deadline for
such conversion from December 31, 2016, until June 30, 2017 without any
penalty,'' he said.

He also said that new procedures were being put in place to simplify the process
of obtaining OCI cards for people from the Girmitiya countries starting with
Mauritius.

The Prime Minister said a new scheme aimed at personality development of people
travelling abroad for small jobs would be launched soon. "To ensure that the
migrating Indian workers enjoy better economic opportunities, we will shortly
launch a skill development programme, the Pravasi Kaushal Vikas Yojana, targeted
at Indian youth who seek overseas employment."

Workers travelling to take jobs like housekeeping in a foreign country "can be
trained to speak a few sentences of the language in the country they are
travelling to, some manners, and some cultural issues which are essential", the
Prime Minister said. "We want to provide soft skills irrespective of how little
people have been educated. This will help boost confidence and make the workers
believe they belong on foreign soil. This is our intention," he said.

A scheme called VAJRA or Visiting Adjunct Joint Research Faculty would be
launched by the Department of Science and Technology soon to enable the Indian
scientific community abroad to participate in research and development in India.
"Under the scheme, an overseas Indian can work for one to three months in an
institution in India," Modi said.

The Prime Minister called on the Indian diaspora to make investments in India,
since FDI norms have been liberalised for overseas Indians. "Investments by PIOs
on non-repatriation basis, and by companies, trusts and partnerships owned by
them, are now deemed to be domestic investment at par with investments made by
resident Indians," he said.

He also called for the diaspora to connect with government programmes like
Swachh Bharat, Mission Digital India, Startup India and Namami Gange.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Former Chief Financial Officer Charged with Stealing $1.2 Million,
Spending Some of the Money on Women He Met Online

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former chief financial officer of Alotech Ltd. was charged with defrauding
his former employer out of more than $1.2 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office.

A criminal information was filed in federal court charging John H.C. Black, 56,
of Cleveland Heights, with one count of wire fraud.

Black spent more than $450,000 of the stolen money buying cars and making
purchases at Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, Neiman Marcus
and other stores for women that Black met on the website
www.seekingarrangements.com, according to the information.

"According to these charges, this defendant defrauded his employer and betrayed
the trust of all those who worked at Alotech," Dettelbach said. "The fact that
he blew hundreds of thousands of dollars on lingerie, purses and shopping trips
to Chicago for women he met online only adds insult to injury."

"Buying female companionship with Alotech's bank account was not what John Black
was hired to do," Anthony said. "Black is being held accountable for the
numerous financial schemes he utilized to defraud the company that paid his
salary."

Black was employed as the CFO at Alotech from July 1, 2009, through Aug. 31,
2012. Alotech is headquartered in Brooklyn, Ohio, and is engaged in the
manufacture, research and development of cast parts used by the military, auto
industry and aerospace industry, among other applications, according to the
information.

He began to use Alotech's business checking account for personal expenditures in
early 2011. Black also encouraged Alotech's chief executive officer to obtain
two corporate credit cards--one in Black's name and one in the CEO's name--to be
used in case of emergency. Black also obtained a debit card without
authorization of Alotech of the company's CEO, according to the information.

Black began issuing multiple corporate checks for his personal benefit around
early 2011, and withdrawing cash from ATMs with the unauthorized debit card,
according to the information.

Around October 2011, Black met multiple women through the website
www.seekingarrangements.com. The website purported to match younger females,
approximately 20-30 years old, with rich, older men. The men agreed to provide
the women with cash and gifts in exchange for their companionship, according to
the information.

Between October 2011 and August 2012, Black provided cash and gifts with money
that he fraudulently obtained from Alotech. These include multiple personal
vacations to Chicago and numerous purchases there. This also includes purchases
at Hannoush Jewelry, Macy's.com, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth
Avenue and Victoria's Secret, according to the information.

He also purchased two automobiles for one of the women, including an Audi,
according to the information.

This indictment is the result of an investigation by Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney
Derek Kleinmann.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Former Chief Financial Officer Charged with Stealing $1.2 Million,
Spending Some of the Money on Women He Met Online

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former chief financial officer of Alotech Ltd. was charged with defrauding
his former employer out of more than $1.2 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office.

A criminal information was filed in federal court charging John H.C. Black, 56,
of Cleveland Heights, with one count of wire fraud.

Black spent more than $450,000 of the stolen money buying cars and making
purchases at Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, Neiman Marcus
and other stores for women that Black met on the website
www.seekingarrangements.com, according to the information.

"According to these charges, this defendant defrauded his employer and betrayed
the trust of all those who worked at Alotech," Dettelbach said. "The fact that
he blew hundreds of thousands of dollars on lingerie, purses and shopping trips
to Chicago for women he met online only adds insult to injury."

"Buying female companionship with Alotech's bank account was not what John Black
was hired to do," Anthony said. "Black is being held accountable for the
numerous financial schemes he utilized to defraud the company that paid his
salary."

Black was employed as the CFO at Alotech from July 1, 2009, through Aug. 31,
2012. Alotech is headquartered in Brooklyn, Ohio, and is engaged in the
manufacture, research and development of cast parts used by the military, auto
industry and aerospace industry, among other applications, according to the
information.

He began to use Alotech's business checking account for personal expenditures in
early 2011. Black also encouraged Alotech's chief executive officer to obtain
two corporate credit cards--one in Black's name and one in the CEO's name--to be
used in case of emergency. Black also obtained a debit card without
authorization of Alotech of the company's CEO, according to the information.

Black began issuing multiple corporate checks for his personal benefit around
early 2011, and withdrawing cash from ATMs with the unauthorized debit card,
according to the information.

Around October 2011, Black met multiple women through the website
www.seekingarrangements.com. The website purported to match younger females,
approximately 20-30 years old, with rich, older men. The men agreed to provide
the women with cash and gifts in exchange for their companionship, according to
the information.

Between October 2011 and August 2012, Black provided cash and gifts with money
that he fraudulently obtained from Alotech. These include multiple personal
vacations to Chicago and numerous purchases there. This also includes purchases
at Hannoush Jewelry, Macy's.com, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth
Avenue and Victoria's Secret, according to the information.

He also purchased two automobiles for one of the women, including an Audi,
according to the information.

This indictment is the result of an investigation by Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney
Derek Kleinmann.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Washington: Former Chief Financial Officer Charged with Stealing $1.2 Million,
Spending Some of the Money on Women He Met Online

LENGTH: 627  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former chief financial officer of Alotech Ltd. was charged with defrauding
his former employer out of more than $1.2 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office.

A criminal information was filed in federal court charging John H.C. Black, 56,
of Cleveland Heights, with one count of wire fraud.

Black spent more than $450,000 of the stolen money buying cars and making
purchases at Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, Neiman Marcus
and other stores for women that Black met on the website
www.seekingarrangements.com, according to the information.

"According to these charges, this defendant defrauded his employer and betrayed
the trust of all those who worked at Alotech," Dettelbach said. "The fact that
he blew hundreds of thousands of dollars on lingerie, purses and shopping trips
to Chicago for women he met online only adds insult to injury."

"Buying female companionship with Alotech's bank account was not what John Black
was hired to do," Anthony said. "Black is being held accountable for the
numerous financial schemes he utilized to defraud the company that paid his
salary."

Black was employed as the CFO at Alotech from July 1, 2009, through Aug. 31,
2012. Alotech is headquartered in Brooklyn, Ohio, and is engaged in the
manufacture, research and development of cast parts used by the military, auto
industry and aerospace industry, among other applications, according to the
information.

He began to use Alotech's business checking account for personal expenditures in
early 2011. Black also encouraged Alotech's chief executive officer to obtain
two corporate credit cards--one in Black's name and one in the CEO's name--to be
used in case of emergency. Black also obtained a debit card without
authorization of Alotech of the company's CEO, according to the information.

Black began issuing multiple corporate checks for his personal benefit around
early 2011, and withdrawing cash from ATMs with the unauthorized debit card,
according to the information.

Around October 2011, Black met multiple women through the website
www.seekingarrangements.com. The website purported to match younger females,
approximately 20-30 years old, with rich, older men. The men agreed to provide
the women with cash and gifts in exchange for their companionship, according to
the information.

Between October 2011 and August 2012, Black provided cash and gifts with money
that he fraudulently obtained from Alotech. These include multiple personal
vacations to Chicago and numerous purchases there. This also includes purchases
at Hannoush Jewelry, Macy's.com, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth
Avenue and Victoria's Secret, according to the information.

He also purchased two automobiles for one of the women, including an Audi,
according to the information.

This indictment is the result of an investigation by Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney
Derek Kleinmann.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  September 18, 1996, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

PRAYERS OF HELP;
Rebuilding was just the first step in healing for a burned black church, which
now faces $ 200,000 in debts.

BYLINE: Hollis R. Towns; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Pg. 01E

LENGTH: 515 words


Iet's been nearly a year since members of Springfield Baptist Church in Madison
marched back into their new sanctuary after a pre-dawn blaze destroyed the
119-year-old, wood-frame building.

Today, even after an outpouring of national help, the church, about 60 miles
east of Atlanta, remains $ 200,000 in debt, short of hymnals and with no money
to pave its gravel-filled driveway.

"We just pray that the Lord will make a way," said Pastor W.J. Reid, who has
presided over the rural, predominantly black church for 29 years.

Springfield Baptist is looking to the Christian Coalition to help it with some
of the money problems lingering from the July 1994 blaze. After a meeting with
Ralph Reed, president of 1.7 million-member organization, Springfield Baptist's
pastor is prayerful that help is on the way.

At that meeting in Atlanta in June, the Christian Coalition pledged it would
raise $ 1 million to help rebuild black churches burned across the South.

But the special collection July 14 at the 100,000 churches associated with the
coalition yielded only about $ 525,000 in contributions and pledges, said Monica
Hildebrant, a spokeswoman for the Virginia-based organization. She called the
fund-raising a success.

During the height of the church fires this summer, Reed also said white
Christians' historical opposition to the civil rights movement was wrong and
that by helping rebuild black churches, a new bond with blacks could be forged.

Civil rights leaders who were skeptical of the financial pledge now say the
proposed dialogue has amounted to nothing more than an empty promise.

"Their heart wasn't in it," said the Rev. Tim McDonald, vice president of
Concerned Black Clergy in Atlanta. "They were trying to get black folks to join
the Christian Coalition, and they flunked. They didn't get the money either."

Mike Russell, another spokesman for the Christian Coalition, said the
fund-raising effort was slowed because the money was not collected on a single
Sunday, as originally planned.

Checks totaling $ 25,000 each are being issued to three churches in Alabama,
Louisiana and Virginia, said the Rev. Earl Jackson, national liaison for the
organization's community development program.

So far, Jackson said, only six churches have made formal requests for grants,
although the organization has identified dozens of others that need help.
Springfield Baptist could get a grant if it applies, he added. "It's astounding
to me that we are being criticized for trying to help people," Jackson said.

Since the Christian Coalition's announcement, several other groups have come
forward with plans to help raise funds for burned black churches.

The New York-based National Council of Churches, for example, has raised nearly
$ 12 million and has dispensed more than $ 1.7 million, including a grant of $
110,000 to the Gays Hill Baptist Church in Millen, Ga., said Wendy McDowell, NCC
spokeswoman.

So far, McDowell said, the organization has made grants to nine African-American
churches, but its list of needy congregations is nearing 100.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  MORE FOR PC USERS
 > Christian Coalition: http://cc.org/front.html
 Color photo: Worshiping with her family in the rebuilt Springfield
 Baptist Church in Madison, Mildred Aker quiets her grandson Terry during
 a recent service./ MARLENE KARAS / Staff
 Color photo: The new church in Morgan County still needs driveway paving
 and more hymnals./ MARLENE KARAS / Staff

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              384 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                             June 23, 2015 Tuesday

Republicans return supremacist's cash

BYLINE: By Ben Kamisar and Mike Lillis

SECTION: Pg. 8

LENGTH: 800 words


Republican candidates in and out of the 2016 presidential contest are racing to
distance themselves from a Texas white supremacist linked to last week's
shooting massacre in a black South Carolina church.

The lawmakers include Sens. Ted Cruz (R-Texas) and Rand Paul (R-Ky.), both
presidential hopefuls, as well as Sens. Ron Johnson (R-Wis.) and Rob Portman
(R-Ohio), who face tough reelection bids next year.

All have joined the growing group of Republicans vowing to refund or donate
campaign contributions from Earl Holt III, leader of the Council of Conservative
Citizens, a group that opposes "all efforts to mix the races of mankind."

Dylann Roof, who was charged with killing nine African-Americans at Charleston's
Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church, allegedly cited the group's website
in a manifesto posted ahead of the shootings, which he credits with opening his
eyes to "brutal black on White murders."

Paul spokesman Doug Stafford told The Hill that the Kentucky Republican would
donate the $2,250 he received from Holt to the Mother Emanuel Hope Fund, created
to help the victims' families.

The offices of Portman, Johnson and Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), another
benefactor of Holt's donations, quickly followed suit.

"As soon as we discovered that Mr. Holt had contributed to the campaign, we
immediately donated the full amount of his contribution to the Mother Emanuel
Hope Fund," said Betsy Ankney, a spokeswoman for Johnson, who received $1,250
from Holt.

Cruz's office did not respond to a request for comment Monday, but his
presidential campaign told The New York Times it had only recently learned that
Holt gave $8,500 to his campaign ¯ money it plans to return.

Former Sen. Rick Santorum (R-Pa.), another 2016 contender who received donations
from Holt in 2012, is also distancing himself. In a statement, he said he would
also donate the money to the Mother Emanuel Hope Fund.

"I abhor the sentiments Mr. Holt has expressed. These statements and sentiments
are unacceptable. Period. End of sentence," Santorum said. "Our campaign is
about, and has always been about, uniting America, not dividing her."

The issue has quickly become campaign fodder, with Democratic strategists
wasting no time attacking vulnerable Republicans for accepting the donations to
begin with.

The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee issued a statement Monday charging
Portman with making a "calculated political decision" to donate the money "only
after realizing the political consequences."

"Rob Portman is already running the most negative campaign in the country
despite the election being 14 months away," said spokeswoman Sadie Weiner, "and
now we know he's willing to take money from just about anyone in order to stay
in office."

Holt has contributed tens of thousands of dollars to Republicans over the span
of more than a decade.

His largess includes donations to former President George W. Bush and 2012 GOP
nominee Mitt Romney. An overwhelming bulk of the money has gone to Republican
congressional contenders, a long list that includes Reps. Steve King (Iowa),
Louis Gohmert (Texas), Mia Love (Utah), former Reps. Michele Bachmann (Minn.)
and Todd Akin (R-Mo.) and former Sen. George Allen (R-Va.).

In a 2,400-word manifesto, Roof allegedly says he was "awakened" by the case of
Trayvon Martin, an unarmed black teenager fatally shot by a self-appointed
neighborhood watchman in Florida in 2012. Researching online, "the first website
I came to was the Council of Conservative Citizens," the posting reads.

"There were pages upon pages of these brutal black on White murders. I was in
disbelief," he said. "At this moment I realized that something was very wrong.
How could the news be blowing up the Trayvon Martin case while hundreds of these
black on White murders got ignored?"

The Council of Conservative Citizens posted a statement on its website Sunday
saying the group "unequivocally condemns Roof's murderous actions."

"However," the statement says, "the council stands unshakably behind the facts
on its website, and points out the dangers of denying the extent of black
-on-white crime."

Holt has also weighed in, strongly condemning the shooting but adding that it's
"not surprising" the alleged gunman was influenced by the group's catalogue of
black-on-white violence.

"The CofCC is one of perhaps three websites in the world that accurately and
honestly report black-on-white violent crime, and in particular, the seemingly
endless incidents involving black-on-white murder," Holt said.

"The CofCC website exists because media either 'spike' such stories, or
intentionally obscure the race of black offenders," he added.

The Southern Poverty Law Center, which tracks race-based hate groups nationwide,
lists the Council of Conservative Citizens as a "white nationalist"
organization.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2015 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 15, 1977, Saturday, Final Edition

Motel Cash Returned;
Fairfax Gives Back Money Found in a Motel Room;
Fairfax Gives In; Finder Rewarded

BYLINE: By Jane Seaberry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 463 words


After 10 months of litigation, attorneys for Fairfax County have decided to
return $27,000 to Thomas Tucker, the Florida tabletop maker who said he
accidentially left the money last December in a Groveton motel room bundled in a
Garfinckel's shirt box.

As the county agreed to give the money back to Tucker in an out-of-court
settlement yesterday.  Tucker decided to give a $3,000 reward to the motel
handyman who found the money Dec. 28 and turned it over to police.

Tucker sued the county police because they refused to return the money to him
after the handyman Charles Black, turned in the money.  The county contended
Tucker had to prove the money was not illegally obtained.  After Tucker filed
suit against the police.  Black did also, to see if he could be declared the
money's lawful owner, since he found it.  As part of yesterday's agreement Black
has dropped his suit.

Tucker, 24, said he got the money a day after Christmas last year when an old
high school chum lent him $18,000 to buy a house in Florida.  He already had
$9,000 with him from his savings and from real estate deals, Tucker said.  He
said he carried the money bundled in a Garfinckel's shirt box and accidentally
left it at the Brookside Motel.

"I still have suspicions," said attorney.  Victor M. Glasberg said they went to
trial." Tucker's at-County Attorney David Stitt.  But Stitt said after
discussing the case with Tucker's attorney last week he had no evidence that
Tucker had broken any laws.

"It became clear we'd be able to make mincemeat of them if of the county's case.
"I would have been delighted to go to trial in this case.  It would have been
fun.  We would have massacred them."

Glasberg said he did not know what Tucker would do with the money and Tucker
could not be reached for comment yesterday in West Palm Beach, Fla., where he
now lives.

"I think it's a shame he had to spend a lot of money to get his money back,"
Glasberg said.  Glasberg would not disclose how much money he would get for
representing Tucker.

All sides - the county, Tucker and Black - seemed pleased that Black was given a
reward.

"Black had done a good thing," Glasberg said.

Having Black get a reward was "something we were interested in seeing," Stitt
said.  "He did a very, very honest thing turning over the money to police."

One-third of the reward to Black will go for attorneys fees, according to Gerard
F. Treanor Jr., one of Black's attorneys.

Black "is delighted," Treanor said.  "He feels he's been well served and the
amount of money he received was an adquate reward."

Tucker will probably get the money, plus interest, sometime next week, Glasberg
said.  THe county kept the money in certificates of deposit, which should yield
about $1,000 in interest, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              386 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              October 1, 1997, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Lyons defiant, conciliatory in TV interview

BYLINE: MIKE WILSON

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 800 words



A sometimes repentant, sometimes combative Henry J. Lyons took to the  national
airwaves Tuesday night to answer viewers' questions, lambaste the  media for his
troubles and apologize - but for just one thing.

"Basically the one great big error was an error in judgment," Lyons said  in a
live, 35-minute interview on the cable channel Black Entertainment  Television.

"I was simply trying to do a friend a favor by making an investment in  real
estate," he said, referring to his purchase of a $ 700,000 Tierra Verde  house
with convicted embezzler and "family friend" Bernice Edwards.

He denied that he hid the purchase from his wife, Deborah, who was charged  with
arson after setting fires in the house in July.

"I did inform my wife. That is true, there's no question about that. I  informed
her, she had a key, that's understood. But (buying the house) was a  great error
. . . I would never, ever make that kind of mistake again."

Added Lyons: "I feel forgiven."

Lyons, the embattled president of the National Baptist Convention USA,  appeared
on BET Tonight, hosted by Tavis Smiley. It was his first national  television
interview since he came under scrutiny for his handling of  convention business
and for questionable relationships with Edwards and other  women.

BET producer Jaci Clark said Lyons agreed to the interview on the condition
that his lawyer, Grady Irvin, sit next to him on the set, which Irvin did. BET
paid Lyons' and Irvin's coach-class airfare to Washington, D.C., but Lyons
received no fee for giving the interview, she said.

Smiley began by asking Lyons what he would say to those who feel betrayed  by
his actions, including Lyons' use of a secret convention account to buy  luxury
items for Edwards, and Lyons' lucrative deal with a white-owned funeral  home
company.

"I realize there's a lot of hurt out there throughout America, in black  and
white America," Lyons said, almost in a whisper. "There's a sense of  shame
sometimes, a deep sense of shame sometimes . . . It wakes me up early in  the
morning and makes it hard to sleep at night."

At other times Lyons was defiant, blaming the media for many of his  troubles.

"No one has withstood the scrutiny that I have had to withstand over the  last
three months in the history of this country," he said.

He mentioned the U.S. government's investigation into the slaying of the  Rev.
Martin Luther King Jr., adding, "conspiracy is alive in this country."  Smiley
asked Lyons if he believes there was a conspiracy against him.

"Not at all, but I am saying that it developed into that," Lyons said.

Smiley accepted questions from viewers who called in. One asked Lyons about  the
$ 244,500 that the Anti-Defamation League raised on behalf of burned black
churches throughout the South. The ADL asked Lyons to distribute the money to
needy churches, but Lyons passed out only $ 30,000. He later returned the rest
to the ADL.

The caller wanted to know what Lyons had done with the money in the  meantime,
but Irvin wouldn't let him respond. "As much as he wants to answer  that
question, I'm going to advise him not to answer it," Irvin said.

Lyons again accused two other church umbrella groups of withholding large  sums
of money that have been raised on behalf of burned black churches. He  accused
the media of a double-standard for not reporting that the National  Council of
Churches and the National Congress of Black Churches have not  distributed all
the money they have raised.

Both groups have heatedly denied Lyons' allegation and have suggested that  he
is merely trying to deflect criticism his own actions.

Asked if he should have resigned as president of the convention, Lyons said  he
felt he had a mandate to stay.

"The fact of the matter is that it was about 400 against, and I'm talking
generally now, and about 15,000 for me," he said, referring to an informal
referendum on his presidency at the convention's September meeting in Denver.

Smiley asked Lyons if he thought it was right for ministers to lead  "lavish
lifestyles" that include $ 700,000 homes and $ 130,000 cars.

"Well, lavish lifestyles, I'm not quite so sure about that," Lyons said.
Anyway, he said, "That's the Henry Lyons that the media created. The Henry
Lyons that most people know is the Henry Lyons that drove one car for 17
years."

Near the end  Lyons was again conciliatory, saying, "To have to deal with  so
much shame, so much disgrace, and so much discomfort . . . it has humbled  me."

One viewer, Diane from Florida, wasn't buying it. She said she is a sinner  and
didn't want to cast the first stone, but added, "You have your own major
avalanche going here."

Lyons said he appreciated the comment.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); Rev. Henry J. Lyons, (ran CITY & STATE,
METRO & STATE); Rev. Henry J. Lyons, (ran TAMPA & STATE)

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              387 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                             April 20, 1997, Sunday

WHITES DRIVE US BLACKS OFF THE GREEN

BYLINE: Alex Duval Smith

SECTION: THE OBSERVER NEWS PAGE; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 1494 words

HIGHLIGHT: Alex Duval Smith at Myrtle Beach, South Carolina, discovers the harsh
truth behind the Tiger Woods hype


FOR THREE black men in a caddie shack in South Carolina this weekend, the
glorious march of Tiger Woods to the US Masters is not what it seems. They
believe it masks the hard reality that the sunlit uplands of professional golf
are still a distant prospect for black Americans.

Here at Wachesaw East Plantation golf course - the venue today of a Ladies'
Professional Golf Association tournament - the impact of Woods, a
Thai-African-American, on the racist fabric of the game is assessed as nil.

'Sure, Tiger is going to inspire black kids to get into the game, and that is
exciting. But when they get off the driving range and want to get into a club,
it will be as hard as it ever was.'

The words are from John Walker, the 47-year-old caddie from Orlando, Florida,
who tours with Scotland's Pamela Wright.  He remembers the days when women were
ladies and blacks were caddies.

'Now there are electric golf carts and, as for the professional circuit, it is
glamorous and lucrative to get into caddying, so the whites are doing it,' he
said. Where once the caddie shack was a dream factory for young golfers of all
colours, it is now a place for preppy teenagers earning pocket money.

'In my younger days you would never get a white person carrying a set of clubs;
it was beneath them. We did 18 holes for 50 cents because our parents could not
afford to give us pocket money,' said 55 -year-old Johnnie 'Jabo' Hubbard, at
Wachesaw looking for a 'regular bag'.

After 15 years out of the job - when he worked as a baggage handler at Los
Angeles Airport - Hubbard has only a slim chance of being signed up by a
professional player for the average caddie's pay of $ 500 ( pounds 300) a week,
plus a share of winnings. 'Now you get guys, and women, doing caddying as a
hobby - because it is exciting to rub shoulders with stars and be seen on
television,' he said.

Both Hubbard, Walker and Sam Piggott - a fellow black caddie waiting to tee off
in the sunny South Carolina tournament - spent their youth caddying for money.
They played on Mondays - quiet days at golf clubs - and developed good games.
'We would sneak on to the course at the second hole and leave after the 17th.
The 18th was too close to the clubhouse and since we were banned for being black
that would not have been too smart,' said Hubbard, originally from Jackson,
Mississippi.

At this point in the reminiscences, Piggott walks off: 'No offence, but I cannot
talk about those days of 50c a round. They were miserable times,' he said.

The Myrtle Beach area is the blue-collar centre for American golf, which has
expanded from three courses in 1967 to 90 today.  But brochures advertising
golfing holidays do not feature pictures of happy black golfers. All are white;
most are men.

Hector and Fran Smith, a black couple who are members of Marsh Harbour Golf
Links, are among the growing number of middle-class pensioners buying homes that
are part of new golf developments.  'You will not get many black players around
here,' said Mrs Smith who with her husband, a retired accountant, is one of 300
volunteers at the LPGA tournament.

The Smiths, who moved here from New York five years ago, know no other black
players. 'It is not that anyone refuses you membership - they just want your
money - but golf is not exactly an environment that attracts African-Americans,'
she said.

The golfing establishment and Nike - of which Woods is almost a wholly-owned
subsidiary - are playing up a different image.  Nike publishes adverts featuring
what appear to be inner-city children of all colours who wish to emulate him.

Woods, while saying he wants to encourage minorities to play golf, has not
spoken about his struggle against prejudice.  Walker said: 'You have just got to
see him as an extraordinary person, not the start of a trend. Even though clubs
now have to admit black players they only take in the absolute minimum number.'

Augusta National, the Georgia home of the Masters and a symbol of the Old South,
admitted its first black member seven years ago - after the PGA had insisted
that all tournament clubs be 'integrated'.  Black women are struggling for
recognition through Sisters who Golf, with only 135 members. The US Golf
Association - the sport's amateur body - elected its first black board member,
John Merchant, in 1992.

Merchant, 64, said: 'Anything I've ever achieved in life has involved persuasion
but not everyone has that kind of strength of character. Even if every country
club in the nation actively went out to recruit black members, most of them
still would not be integrated, simply because of economics.

'The larger issue is a social one. You cannot get into a country club until you
start hanging around people who belong to country clubs.'

Steve Jubb, director of the PGA Foundation, argues that golf club racism is
dwindling through the foundation's programme for juniors. It has a budget of $
500,000 a year, donated mainly by Maxfly golf balls and Cobra clubs.

But back at the Wachesaw caddie shack, such dreams of integration seem a long
way off to Walker and Hubbard who find that the new blue-collar golfer is at
least as prejudiced as the old-world snob.

Maybe Woods's first move should be to go out and get a black caddie.

Sport, pages 7 and 12

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              388 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 24, 1997, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

Centers of excellence;
'Innovation in philanthropy': Leaders of traditionally black schools meet in
Atlanta to learn from 10 of the best, thanks to the Kellogg;
Foundation.

BYLINE: Gail H. Towns; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 01B

LENGTH: 477 words


Educators at traditionally black colleges will tell you that they're used to
doing more with less ---less cash, less staff and fewer resources.

But on Monday, leaders of nearly all of the nation's 109 historically black
colleges and universities gathered in Atlanta to learn from 10 among their
number who were able do a lot more with $ 3 million they each received over
three years in a one-time initiative of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation.

"This was an innovation in philanthropy," said Herschelle Challenor, a dean of
Clark Atlanta University, which used the money to "internationalize" its
programs. "When you go to a foundation for money, they usually tell you what
their priorities are and you work along those lines. But Kellogg said, 'Here's
the money. Go after what you want.' "

The grants were intended to take good programs and make them excellent, said
Henry Ponder, director of the National Association for Equal Opportunity in
Higher Education, an umbrella organization of the country's black colleges.

"We had 10 excellent programs before the grants, but now they're centers of
excellence that can compete with any institution in their field," he said.
"There is no secret in all of this ---they got where they are because somebody
put some money into them."

The Michigan-based Kellogg Foundation selected the 10 schools, including
Atlanta's CAU, and Morehouse and Spelman colleges, three years ago with a
directive to establish new "centers of excellence" or to enhance ongoing
programs.

CAU poured most of its grant into its graduate school of International Affairs
and Development. The university has sent students to work in Kenya, Ghana, Paris
and Rwanda; hired two foreign scholars; and enabled professors to learn second
languages. This summer, 11 teachers who used Kellogg money to travel abroad for
study are paying their own way to France and Switzerland for further study.

Morehouse concentrated on bolstering its business leadership program.

Spelman used its money to free up more time for research for professors, pay
visiting scientists, and to fund a summer science and math program for public
school teachers.

Other grant recipients were Xavier, Hampton, Florida A&M, Fisk, Howard, North
Carolina A&T and Tuskegee universities.

Although Kellogg's outreach has ended, each of the 10 schools has found new
funding from other sources to continue its programs, said Tyrone Baines, a
Kellogg Foundation administrator.

The college reps who weren't on Kellogg's funding list are using the two-day
meeting at the Renaissance Hotel Concourse to learn how they, too, can lure more
foundation dollars to their campuses.

Said newly-named Dillard University President Michael Lomax: "As a graduate of
Morehouse, a former professor at Spelman and as the father of a daughter at CAU,
I'm ready to go to work."

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color: Cedric Grant teaches a class on public policy and international
 affairs at Clark Atlanta University./ JOHN SPINK / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              389 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 24, 1990, Saturday, City Edition

Blacks urged to attend graduate school

BYLINE: MARLENE SOKOL

SECTION: TAMPA; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 533 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



There were few questions from the group. In fact, there were few people in the
group nine, not counting the panelists and administrators.

    Rod Hale of the University of South Florida (USF) was trying to persuade
black students to continue to graduate school.

    "Money should not be a problem," he told them Thursday during a workshop
called "Graduate School Why Bother?"

    "There is a world of money out there," he said. "You just need to do some
research to find out where it is."

    But a variety of barriers many of them money-related are keeping a growing
number of black college graduates out of graduate school.

    USF, with some 33,000 students and 4,671 graduate students, has only 180
black graduate students, said Hale, who was hired in September in the new
position of minority graduate student coordinator.

    Nationwide, the number of blacks receiving doctoral degrees dropped by more
than a third between 1977 and 1987, from 1,213 to 765, according to the American
Council on Education, a research group in Washington, D.C. Black master's degree
recipients are  becoming increasingly rare.

    Analysts at the council blamed the drop-off on economic conditions growing
poverty in black families, rising college tuitions and dwindling financial aid.

    Educators, meanwhile, are worried that not enough blacks are pursuing
careers in education, where they can serve as role models for children.

    The Florida Education Standards Commission has predicted that this year,
fewer than 5 percent of the nation's teachers will be from minority groups,
compared with 1980, when the teaching force was 12.5 percent minority.

    The commission blamed low pay and competency examinations that often are
thought to be racially biased.

    Overall, black students are finding that in the short run, they are better
off financially if they take jobs in private industry, rather than continuing
their studies.

    This decision is not one of greed, but of necessity, said Betty
Johnson-Darden, a mother of three who is pursuing a graduate degree in special
education at USF.

    "Black families are more likely to depend on two incomes," she said. "Often,
you just can't afford to take a reduction in one of those incomes so that one
spouse can go to school."

    Johnson-Darden, a panelist at Thursday's workshop, said she found graduate
school to be an important stepping-stone for black professionals entering
white-dominated careers.

    "You learn to interact with people," she said. "You might encounter racism
for the first time. But it won't be the last time, and you learn how to handle
it with finesse."

    A graduate degree can shorten the corporate career ladder, Hale said.

    "We've all read the stories about the worker who rose from the mail room to
the executive's job," he said. "That is one way to get there. But graduate
school, ideally, will give you the tools you need within two to three years,
where it might take you 10, 12 or 15 years on the job."


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA; BRANDON TIMES

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Victor Junco; Rod Hale, the University of South
Florida's minority graduate student coordinator, addresses students and
administrators Thursday

                            Times Publishing Company


                              390 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2016 Wednesday

WANTED: 6 Suspects Accused of Operating Black Money Scam in Arizona

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: New York



 Phoenix: Mark Brnovich, The State of Arizona has issued the following news
release:



  Attorney General Mark Brnovich announced AZAG Special Agents are searching for
six people indicted by a State Grand Jury for their alleged involvement in a
Black Money Scam.





 The Black Money Scam is a fraudulent scheme where the suspects claim to have a
large amount of U.S. currency smuggled into the country and dyed black to avoid
detection by authorities.  The suspects attempt to defraud victims by convincing
them to purchase a very expensive "special chemical" that can wash the currency
and return it to a useable form. In exchange, the victim will receive a
percentage of the smuggled currency.  The scam often involves a demonstration
with real currency. However, the "money" the victim receives is fake and is
simply black construction paper made to look and feel like actual currency. The
very expensive "special chemical" is nothing more than vitamin C and water. The
suspects mostly target victims who will not report the scam to law enforcement.



 The Arizona Attorney General's Office is seeking the public's assistance in
locating these six individuals:



 Diamond Prempeh

 Mousa Toure

 Angel Latrice Cowen

 Samuel S. Johnson

 Michael Gray (a/k/a Kennah Morris)

 Ali V. Konneh



 The suspects are charged with Attempted Fraudulent Schemes & Artifices,
Illegally Conducting an Enterprise, and Criminal Possession of a Forgery Device.




 Warrants have been issued for their arrest, and anyone with information
regarding their whereabouts should immediately contact police.



 Black Money Scam artists are known to travel across the United States and
internationally to conduct this scheme.



 The Chandler Police Department's Criminal Investigation Bureau investigated
this case.



 Assistant Attorney General Andy Kvesic is prosecuting this matter.



 All defendants are presumed innocent until convicted in a court of law.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 24, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

The Trouble With the Public Schools

William Raspberry

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A27

LENGTH: 729 words


It's hard to know whether David Mathews has come up with a penetrating insight
or just another fetching truism.

There's no disputing the truth of what he says in his new booklet: The trouble
with public schools lies more with the public than with the schools.

No, that's not true. There's lots of disputing that truth. Almost every critique
of public education (and every proposal for improvement) disputes it, focusing
on what the schools do, or fail to do. The schools are dreadful because teachers
are ill-trained or afraid to exert discipline, or because the schools are
cheerless, underfunded and unsafe.

Seldom does anyone say what Mathews, president of the Charles F. Kettering
Foundation, says with such conviction: The trouble with the public schools is
that they no longer have a "public" that considers them their schools.

It's almost impossible not to nod in agreement as you thumb through "Is There a
Public for Public Schools?" Of course the schools (at least in those places
where everybody knows they are awful) have lost their public support -- not just
in money but in personal commitment. Of course public schools (especially in the
cities) are becoming the educational counterparts of public hospitals: supported
by taxpayers who will use them only as a last desperate resort. Of course
educators find it hard to improve schools that have lost the support of the
communities they serve.

Perhaps the clearest illustration of the loss of community commitment Mathews
talks about is in the public schools of Washington. It has become routine (for
blacks especially) to blame the problems of big-city public schools on white
flight. It's not that black children need white classmates, we insist, but the
abandonment by whites means the loss of public support -- the loss of money --
to do what needs to be done.

The problem, we frequently insist, is racism. And sure enough, in most of
America, it is possible to point to poor-performing, mostly black schools
surrounded by higher-per forming, better-funded white ones. If only "they"
hadn't left, with their money and their political clout -- why, inner-city
schools would be doing just fine.

But look at Washington. It's black people, not whites, who have the political
clout here. The school board and the city council are black-dominated; virtually
all the principalships and the overwhelming proportion of teachers are black.
Blacks run things. And as for money, even during this city's time of fiscal
trouble, the per pupil expenditures aren't that far off the average. (And no one
I know would argue that a 50 percent increase in outlays would make an
appreciable difference in academic outcomes.)

So what's wrong? Are black students (poor black students, at least) uneducable?
Are black teachers such self-haters that they refuse to teach black children?
Are the teachers poorly trained, or not smart enough in the first place? (Then
why are so many of these students successful when they transfer to other
jurisdictions, or to private schools?)

Mathews, President Ford's secretary of health education and welfare and a former
president of the University of Alabama, thinks that what is wrong is the
disengagement between the schools and their "public."

In many cases, he says, "there may be no public waiting to be engaged."

The public he is talking about is more than a collection of people such as you
might find in a shopping mall, more than members of the same audience, more even
than people who live near one another. He has in mind people who have a
particular sort of relationship: who are committed to common purposes, who know
they need one another even when they might not particularly like one another.

"These relationships lead to a distinctive kind of action, to cooperative civic
action that is complementary and mutually reinforcing."

He's right -- right as well when he says that "fundamental change [in public
education] has to start with the public and within the community. . . . It is
unlikely that schools will change unless communities change, unless citizens
increase their capacity to band together and act together."

But is that an important insight, or merely the interposition of another,
equally vexing question: How do you change -- or build -- community?

Maybe the thoughtful David Mathews will tell us in another book.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 1996May 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              392 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 23, 1991, Saturday

Black Expo USA opening today in the World Congress Center

BYLINE: By Shelia M. Poole Staff writerconventions; blacks; business; openings;
atlanta; consumer; relations

SECTION: BUSINESS; SECTION C; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 296 words


At 12, Jerry Roebuck showed early signs of entrepreneurism putting together
street fairs in his native New York City.

Now, he's putting together fairs of a different sort - including one this
weekend in Atlanta. Mr. Roebuck is the founder of Black Expo USA.  The event is
designed to acquaint black consumers - who spend an estimated $ 350 billion
annually - with black-owned companies and larger corporations.

The two-day show, which opens today, is expected to draw more than 40,000
people. The show at the Georgia World Congress Center will feature exhibitors,
seminars and entertainment. It will be open from 10 a.m. to 10 p.m. today and
Sunday.

Mr. Roebuck said the shows grew out of a concern that black consumers weren't
supporting black-owned business, partly because of a lack of awareness of the
scope of services and products.

He estimates that "90 percent of black consumers' money is spent with non-black
businesses and that's where the problem sets in."

"There's a virtual boycott by black consumers of black businesses," he said.

The expos are a vehicle in which smaller companies, which usually have little
money to spend on advertising, can reach customers. The goal is to have $ 1
million change hands during the two-day event in Atlanta.

There will be about 350 exhibitors - ranging from makers of ethnic dolls to
cosmetic manufacturers - at the show.

The number of shows has increased since 1989, the first year in which one show
was held in New York. Last year, black expos were held in four cities, including
Atlanta. This year, it has grown to eight and, in 1992, it will increase to 12.
The 1992 expos also will include two targeted to the Hispanic market.

Tickets are $ 4 for adults and $ 2 for children under 7.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              393 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            December 22, 2003 Monday

BC-Limbaugh-Painkillers,0628

SECTION: MORE NEWS

LENGTH: 608 words


Limbaugh attorney says maid blackmailed broadcaster over prescription drugs By
JILL BARTON Associated Press Writer

WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. [AP] Rush Limbaugh paid"substantial" blackmail to a former
maid before she told law enforcement and a tabloid newspaper about his addiction
to prescription painkillers, his attorney told a judge Monday.

Attorney Roy Black said Limbaugh could not complain toauthorities about the
maid's demand for $4 million because they would use the information against him,
and that the maid and her husband "bled him dry" before going public anyway.

The claim was made during a court hearing where Black askedthat medical records
related to Limbaugh be kept secret. The seizure of the records from doctors in
Florida and California violated the conservative radio commentator's privacy,
Black argued.

Palm Beach County prosecutors insist they need to review therecords, which are
sealed, to determine how much Limbaugh's doctors knew about his frequent
prescriptions for OxyContin, hydrocodone and other painkillers.

Assistant State Attorney James Martz said judges approvedthe warrants after
investigators discovered Limbaugh received more than 2,000 painkillers,
prescribed by four doctors, at a pharmacy near his $24 million mansion.

"Now the next question is did those doctors know about eachother?" Martz said.
Reviewing the records would be the only way to determine if Limbaugh violated
the law by withholding information from his doctors and went "doctor shopping"
for drugs.

Limbaugh's attorneys outlined a defense against accusationsthat he illegally
used prescription painkillers and laundered money to finance his drug habit.

Black said Limbaugh suffered from a degenerative discdisease with "pain so great
at one point doctors thought he had bone cancer," and that Limbaugh chose to
take addictive painkillers rather than have surgery.

Surgery would have meant doctors would have gone throughLimbaugh's throat to
operate on his spine, which could threaten his career as a commentator, Black
said.

Limbaugh's former maid, Wilma Cline, learned of hisaddiction and threatened to
sell the story to The National Enquirer. She and her husband, David Cline,
demanded millions and were "paid substantial amounts of money," the lawyer said.

The couple "bled him dry" and then went to authorities togain immunity from
prosecutors before selling their story for $250,000 to the Enquirer, Black said.
The tabloid ran a story in October, days before Limbaugh announced he would
enter a drug rehabilitation program, alleging they supplied him drugs for years.

Black said Limbaugh paid money to the Clines because theywere blackmailing him
not because he was laundering money.

"It's not money laundering to pay blackmail andextortion," Black said.

Ed Shohat, the attorney for the Clines, denied Black'sallegation.

"Rush Limbaugh confessed and admitted that he bought thepills. ... I know of no
facts that my clients demanded money from Rush Limbaugh in any way," he said.

Limbaugh allegedly withdrew cash 30 to 40 times at amountsjust under the $10,000
limit that requires a bank to report the transaction to the federal government.

The action drew suspicion because it can be a federal crimeto structure
financial transactions below the $10,000 limit.

"This would never happen except this guy's name is RushLimbaugh," Black said
about the financial probe. "There's a double standard."

Martz declined to comment after the hearing.

Judge Jeffrey A. Winikoff did not say when he would decidewhether the records
should be unsealed.

AP-WS-12-22-03 2035EST

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Valley Daily Bulletin


                              394 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 26, 1983, Wednesday, Final Edition

No Wonder They Are 'Segregated'

BYLINE: William Raspberry

SECTION: First Section; Op-Ed; Views; A21

LENGTH: 575 words


Gary Orfield is a decent man, scholarly, competent and committed, intellectually
and practically, to racial justice. I like him. But I do wish he could learn not
to see blackness as a disease and dilution as the only conceivable cure.

What brings the University of Chicago political science professor to mind is his
latest report, done for the Washington-based Joint Center for Political Studies,
in which he describes Washington's as "the most segregated" of America's
big-city school systems.

Maybe what we need is a better definition of segregation, which Orfield does not
offer, except by implication. Washington attains its "most segregated" status by
virtue of the fact 94 percent of its school population is black. We are
"segregated" not because of gerrymandering, not because of pupil-assignment
schedules that send black kids here and white kids there, nor even because of
racial housing patterns, but because nearly all of the city's public school
students (and the overwhelming majority of its residents) are black. That's a
disease? Well, Orfield proposes to cure it.

What is confusing is that predominantly single- race schools are segregated, by
what I take to be the Orfield definition, only if that single race is black.
Would he propose to cure segregation in the schools of, say, Bingham County,
Idaho? Well, why not? I don't have the data for the schools there, but according
to the newest Census Bureau figures, only 12 of the county's 69,659 residents
are black. I would guess, as a result, that Bingham County has a fair number of
schools with no significant black enrollment.

Is that a problem? Is it a cure to merge the Bingham County school district with
that of neighboring Bannock County which, thanks to Pocatello, has nearly 1,400
blacks?

No? But Orfield proposes just that sort of cure for what he imagines ails the
District of Columbia schools. He is urging Congress to supply the money to allow
D.C. school students to attend suburban schools without paying tuition. He would
also seek federal funds for specialized schools in the District designed to
attract surburban students.

It seems inescapable that, in Orfield's mind, the problem with the D.C. schools
is that they are too black. It seems of no account that the benign reason is
that most of the city's children are black.

I wouldn't argue with Washington's superintendent, Floretta McKenzie, that the
sort of exchange Orfield has in mind "would make the children of this city less
isolated and let the children of the suburbs know that cities are exciting,
wonderful places," except to note that "exciting" covers a lot of territory. But
school board vice president Nathaniel Bush comes a lot closer to what I really
believe: that "our responsibility is to provide the best education we can for
the students we have."

If that goal calls for "specialized schools" or more money or whatever, then
let's have specialized schools, more money and whatever--but to educate the
city's children, not to attract the suburban children.

Orfield is not alone in seeing clearly the psychological damage done to black
children when they are barred from attending "white" schools. The Supreme Court
took note of that fact in 1954. But Orfield and too many others pays too little
attention to the psychological damage that can result when well-meaning
reformers say to our children: the trouble with your school is that it has too
many children like you.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              395 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 2, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Court Gives Leader's Money to Black Muslims

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 44, Column 2; National Desk

LENGTH: 404 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Jan. 1


A $5.7 million bank account of Elijah Muhammad, the Black Muslim leader who died
in 1975, belongs to the religious organization he founded and not to his heirs,
an Illinois appeals court has decided.

''Where funds are solicited to benefit a religious organization, we believe that
basic principles of equity and fair dealing should preclude the use of those
funds to benefit the personal estate of the religious leader,'' Justice Mel
Jiganti of the State Appellate Court wrote in the court's opinion.

The bank account at the Chicago Branch of the Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank, formerly the
First Pacific Bank of Chicago, totaled $3.3 million shortly after Mr. Muhammad's
death and because of accrued interest has increased to $5.7 million.

The dispute over the funds has been in the courts since Mr. Muhammad's death and
has pitted two of his sons against each other.

Arguments of 2 Sides

Emmanuel Muhammad, administrator of his father's estate, argued that the money
belonged to Elijah Muhammad's 22 children.

Warith Deen Muhammad, the eldest son, who is the new leader of the religious
group, now calling itself the American Muslim Mission, maintained that the money
belonged to the organization.

After Elijah Muhammad's death, the bank turned over the $3.3 million account to
the Black Muslim movement, which was then headed by Warith Deen Muhammad and
called itself the Nation of Islam.

But in 1982 Judge Henry Budzinski of Cook County Court ruled that the money had
been given to Elijah Muhammad for his personal use and should be turned over to
his children with the interest accrued.

After an appeal, Judge Budzinski again ruled in favor of the children in July
1986. The appellate court overturned that ruling on Thursday. #21 Days to Appeal
The heirs have two weeks to ask the appellate court for a rehearing and 21 days
to appeal to the Illinois Supreme Court.

Elijah Muhammad was born Elijah Poole, the son of a Georgia sharecropper. He
moved to Detroit in the 1920's, where he met Wali Farad, founder of the movement
there. He changed his name, became leader of the movement and moved its
headquarters to Chicago in 1934.

He called himself a prophet and lived like a king in a fortress-like building on
the South Side.

When he died at the age of 77, the group had 100,000 members and Mr. Muhammad
had amassed a fortune of as much as $20 million, much of it collected in small
sums from followers.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Elijah Muhammad (The New York Times, 1964)

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              396 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                April 20, 2001, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Attorney pleads guilty in case against agent

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 806 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



The attorney who worked at indicted sports agent Tank Black's company pleaded
guilty Thursday in the case accusing Black and others of defrauding NFL players
of millions of dollars.

James A. Franklin, the former general counsel at Professional Management Inc. in
Columbia, S.C., cooperated with federal prosecutors and entered guilty pleas to
charges of wire fraud, obstruction of justice and money laundering.

The maximum prison sentence for the crimes is 25 years, although Franklin likely
will get a reduced sentence for pleading guilty. Sentencing is set for July 9.

Franklin became the third of seven co-defendants to plead guilty. On Wednesday,
South Carolina businessman Robert Ellenburg pleaded guilty. He joined Alfred
Twitty, who was accused of making cash payments to players Black was trying to
recruit to his business.

Black is scheduled to stand trial May 29.

Black has been convicted of laundering money for a Detroit drug ring. He could
face up to 6 1/2 years in prison. Sentencing in that case is scheduled for May
10.

Chargers president says it's goodbye Vick if he does not sign before the draft

SAN DIEGO - Chargers president Dean Spanos said he's not posturing by demanding
a contract with Michael Vick be completed before Saturday's NFL draft or the
team will choose someone else or trade the first pick.

"We are getting very close to where John (Butler, the general manager) and I
will decide to go in another direction," Spanos said.

"Time is running out fast."

Spanos wouldn't say what the drop-dead hour is. The draft begins at noon
Saturday.

"Both sides will know when that is," Spanos said. "Both sides know where
everybody's at. We're not closer to making a deal."

The two sides spoke by phone Thursday.

The holdup appears to be that Vick's agents want him treated as a first pick
even though he would sit on the bench behind Doug Flutie for a season or two.
The Chargers, still smarting over the Ryan Leaf fiasco, apparently want to treat
him differently.

Leaf got an $ 11.25-million signing bonus as the second pick overall in the 1998
draft, then responded with poor play and poor behavior. He was waived in March
and picked up by the Bucs. Vick left Virginia Tech with two years of eligibility
remaining.

 The Chargers, meanwhile, re-signed free agents DeMingo Graham, a guard, and
Tony Darden, a cornerback, to one-year contracts.

CHIEFS: Agent Jim Steiner said he is not an obstacle to a trade for quarterback
Trent Green. Team president Carl Peterson indicated this week that Steiner could
hinder his team getting Green from St. Louis. "I have nothing to do with the
trade," Steiner said. "I have zero to do with the trade."

DOLPHINS: Miami re-signed defensive end Lorenzo Bromell to a one-year contract.

PATRIOTS: New England re-signed wide receiver Shockmain Davis, who made the team
last season as an undrafted free agent. Terms were not disclosed.

RAIDERS: The NFL opened its defense in a $ 1-billion lawsuit by the Raiders with
an economics expert testifying that a return to Oakland was more valuable to the
team than a new stadium at Hollywood Park.

The Oakland deal was worth $ 52-million to $ 87-million more for the team,
depending on the projections used, Richard Gilbert, an economics professor at
the University of California at Berkeley, said.

"Oakland was the more valuable opportunity" for the Raiders, he said, based on
an examination of revenue estimates.

The Raiders claim the NFL forced the team to leave the lucrative Los Angeles
market by pushing for a second team to play at the proposed Hollywood Park
stadium in nearby Inglewood.

SAINTS: New Orleans signed kicker Jeff Hall to a one-year contract. Hall is a
candidate to replace Doug Brien, who was released last month.

STEELERS: Pittsburgh secured the rights to Chris Fuamatu-Ma'afala for the 2001
season by matching New England's tender offer to the restricted free-agent
running back. Fuamatu-Ma'afala agreed to a one-year, $ 700,000 offer with the
Patriots  April 13. If the Steelers had not at least matched the offer, they
would have gotten the first of New England's sixth-round picks in the draft.

XFL

Galen Hall of the Orlando Rage was chosen as the XFL's inaugural coach of the
year.

The former University of Florida coach led the Rage to a league-best 8-2
regular-season record. Orlando won the Eastern Division title by three games,
despite losing starting quarterback Jeff Brohm to a shoulder injury in the
seventh week.

The Rage's season ended Saturday in a 26-25 semifinal loss to San Francisco.

"I've very honored with the award, but we still came up short," Hall said.

  Hall coached in NFL Europe and led the Rhein Fire to two league titles in the
past three years. He coached at Florida from 1984-89, and was the Associated
Press Coach of the Year in 1984.


LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Associated Press; PHOTO; QB Michael Vick in action; Galen Hall

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              397 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 17, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

Tobacco's Ties to Minority Groups Put Their Leaders in a Bind

Michael A. Fletcher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 1372 words


RJR Nabisco doled out more than $ 800,000 over the past two years to
minority-run groups from the Congressional Hispanic Caucus to the Korean
American Liquor Market Association of Santa Clara, Calif. Nearly one in five of
RJR's 8,800 tobacco workers are minorities who earn an average of $ 45,000 a
year.

At Philip Morris, 37 percent of the work force is minority, and the company last
year spent almost $ 24 million doing business with minority-owned companies,
much of it on advertising that provides critical revenue for struggling ethnic
newspapers and magazines.

"We probably could survive without tobacco ads, but it would be difficult," said
Dorothy R. Leavell, president of the National Newspaper Publishers Association,
which represents 215 black-run newspapers.

It is hardly new that tobacco companies make a practice of buying goodwill with
generous contributions. But few have come to depend on that money as much as the
nation's African Americans, Hispanics and other minorities. Whether it means
sponsorship of an inner-city youth group or backing for an ethnic festival,
cigarette companies have used their millions to make an especially influential
mark on minority communities, not only giving to charitable causes but also
providing opportunities when many others won't.

For minority lawmakers, this poses a crucial dilemma: How can they preserve the
economic benefits their communities reap from the tobacco industry while
limiting the devastating health effects of smoking?

That is a central concern of many minorities on Capitol Hill as the Senate
begins debate on a tobacco bill this week.

Minority members of Congress say they want smoking-cessation programs that
target minority and low-income communities, which bear a disproportionate share
of tobacco's health risks. They also want to ensure that money flows to
researchers interested in exploring the unique smoking habits and maladies of
minority communities. Native Americans and African Americans have the highest
smoking rates in the nation, and African Americans are more likely than others
to die from smoking-related diseases.

But at the same time, minority lawmakers want to be careful that the myriad
social service, arts and other programs that depend on tobacco money do not
suddenly lose their support.

"Basically, a lot of groups would have difficulty if all the resources provided
by tobacco companies were withdrawn all at once," said Rep. Bennie Thompson
(D-Miss.), chairman of the Congressional Black Caucus's working group on
tobacco.

It is a balancing act that deeply troubles many minority health advocates who
say lawmakers should focus principally on thwarting an industry responsible for
hundreds of thousands of deaths every year. Moreover, they believe many
organizations are compromised in the smoking debate because of their long
history of accepting money from tobacco companies.

"Implicitly, organizations are saying smoking is alright when they take that
money," said Jane Delgado, president of the National Coalition of Hispanic
Health and Human Service Organizations. "You cannot talk credibly to Hispanics
about cancer or heart disease and be taking those dollars."

Louis W. Sullivan remembers urging minority newspaper publishers and others not
to take tobacco money while he was secretary of Health and Human Services. But
almost always he was rebuffed, he said, because the groups that received the
money said they couldn't afford to live without it.

"Our leaders, who include members of the Black Caucus, should be setting an
example for our citizens and for our young people," said Sullivan, who is now
president of Morehouse College's medical school. "Their association is really
giving the tobacco companies an umbrella of legitimacy I believe they should not
be giving them."

Campaign donations flow from the political arms of the nation's tobacco
companies to many black members of Congress, including Sen. Carol Moseley-Braun
(D-Ill.), who received $ 11,000 from 1991 to 1996; Rep. J.C. Watts (R-Okla.),
who received $ 9,000 from 1995 to 1996; and Rep. James E. Clyburn (D-S.C.), who
received $ 9,500 in that period.

But those contributions are not particularly exceptional. Larger amounts go to
the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation and the Congressional Hispanic Caucus,
which use the funds to pay for the groups' annual conferences and to support
public policy research. In 1995 and 1996, the RJR Nabisco Foundation alone
reported giving the two groups $ 187,500, which lawmakers acknowledge as
significant contributions.

Still, many say it is simplistic to suggest that the tobacco industry has bought
off minority organizations. Moreover, they say it is unrealistic to ask these
organizations to sacrifice major financial support without having a viable
alternative on tap.

"The U.S. government is hypocritical," said the black newspaper association's
Leavell. "If tobacco is causing the kinds of things it is, why don't they make
it illegal to use the product? Plus, you sure don't see many organizations
taking out anti-smoking ads in our newspapers."

In Congress, Thompson said he has been meeting with members of the Hispanic and
Asian Pacific American caucuses to hammer out proposals that would ensure that
any new legislation includes ways of protecting or replacing the tobacco money
flowing through their communities. The caucuses also want some guarantee that
money for anti-smoking efforts is targeted on their communities just as the
cigarette makers target their constituents now, whether it is with foreign
language billboards or sponsorships of ethnic festivals. The minority caucuses
are planning to unveil their recommendations in early June.

"We are not getting into putting the tobacco companies out of business, or
getting into whether smoking is good or bad," Thompson said. "We're not beating
the drums saying we want a settlement now. But we're saying that we must
position the minority community in this country so that it benefits
proportionately from a tobacco bill."

Any tobacco bill that makes its way out of Congress is likely to include a new
fee that could be as high as $ 1.50 per pack. In internal discussions, minority
members of Congress have criticized the proposed levy as "regressive," because
it would require the poor to pay as much as people who are more affluent.

To offset that, lawmakers and advocates agree that anti-smoking programs funded
with the new tax money should be focused in ways that specifically benefit
minorities. For example, they want money to go to minority-run community
associations, which they say are best able to design and deliver anti-smoking
messages to minority groups.

"Every tax dollar that is raised in the minority community should go back to the
minority community," said Jeannette Noltenius, executive director of the Latino
Council on Alcohol and Tobacco.

Advocates and lawmakers also want anti-smoking research money to go to
minority-run medical schools to explore such curiosities as why black smokers
are three times as likely as whites to smoke menthol cigarettes. Some theorize
that the cooling quality of menthol allows smokers to inhale more deeply,
enhancing the damage inflicted by cigarettes.

In the Senate, Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) has taken the lead, pushing for the insertion
of minority provisions in the tobacco bill that may be voted on this week.

"Tobacco companies have targeted our minority communities and our minority
youngsters for years," he said. "We are now going to make sure that this bill
specifically targets some help to the folks the tobacco industry has targeted."

But as the crucial bill makes its way through Congress, some health activists
say that too few civil rights organizations, think tanks and civic groups have
made their voices heard -- silence they attribute to years of tobacco company
largess.

"There is no question that tobacco companies have tried to buy respectability
and legitimacy," Sullivan said. "It would certainly be helpful and very
appropriate to have clear statements from more civil rights and civic
organizations. . . . I would like to see more of that because they do influence
people's positions."

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              398 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Former CFO charged with stealing $1.2 million, spending some of the money on
women he met online

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

The former chief financial officer of Alotech Ltd. was charged with defrauding
his former employer out of more than $1.2 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office.

A criminal information was filed in federal court charging John H.C. Black, 56,
of Cleveland Heights, with one count of wire fraud.

Black spent more than $450,000 of the stolen money buying cars and making
purchases at Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, Neiman Marcus
and other stores for women that Black met on the web site
www.seekingarrangements.com, according to the information.

"According to these charges, this defendant defrauded his employer and betrayed
the trust of all those who worked at Alotech," Dettelbach said. "The fact that
he blew hundreds of thousands of dollars on lingerie, purses and shopping trips
to Chicago for women he met online only adds insult to injury."

"Buying female companionship with Alotech's bank account was not what John Black
was hired to do," Anthony said. "Black is being held accountable for the
numerous financial schemes he utilized to defraud the company that paid his
salary."

Black was employed as the CFO at Alotech from July 1, 2009, through Aug. 31,
2012. Alotech is headquartered in Brooklyn, Ohio, and is engaged in the
manufacture, research and development of cast parts used by the military, auto
industry and aerospace industry, among other applications, according to the
information.

He began to use Alotech's business checking account for personal expenditures in
early 2011. Black also encouraged Alotech's chief executive officer to obtain
two corporate credit cards - one in Black's name and one in the CEO's name - to
be used in case of emergency. Black also obtained a debit card without
authorization of Alotech of the company's CEO, according to the information.

Black began issuing multiple corporate checks for his personal benefit around
early 2011, and withdrawing cash from ATMs with the unauthorized debit card,
according to the information.

Around October 2011, Black met multiple women through the website
www.seekingarrangements.com. The website purported to match younger females,
approximately 20-30 years old, with rich, older men. The men agreed to provide
the women with cash and gifts in exchange for their companionship, according to
the information.

Between October 2011 and August 2012, Black provided cash and gifts with money
that he fraudulently obtained from Alotech. These include multiple personal
vacations to Chicago and numerous purchases there. This also includes purchases
at Hannoush Jewelry, Macy's.com, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth
Avenue and Victoria's Secret, according to the information.

He also purchased two automobiles for one of the women, including an Audi,
according to the information.

This indictment is the result of an investigation by Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney
Derek Kleinmann.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Former CFO charged with stealing $1.2 million, spending some of the money on
women he met online

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

The former chief financial officer of Alotech Ltd. was charged with defrauding
his former employer out of more than $1.2 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office.

A criminal information was filed in federal court charging John H.C. Black, 56,
of Cleveland Heights, with one count of wire fraud.

Black spent more than $450,000 of the stolen money buying cars and making
purchases at Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, Neiman Marcus
and other stores for women that Black met on the web site
www.seekingarrangements.com, according to the information.

"According to these charges, this defendant defrauded his employer and betrayed
the trust of all those who worked at Alotech," Dettelbach said. "The fact that
he blew hundreds of thousands of dollars on lingerie, purses and shopping trips
to Chicago for women he met online only adds insult to injury."

"Buying female companionship with Alotech's bank account was not what John Black
was hired to do," Anthony said. "Black is being held accountable for the
numerous financial schemes he utilized to defraud the company that paid his
salary."

Black was employed as the CFO at Alotech from July 1, 2009, through Aug. 31,
2012. Alotech is headquartered in Brooklyn, Ohio, and is engaged in the
manufacture, research and development of cast parts used by the military, auto
industry and aerospace industry, among other applications, according to the
information.

He began to use Alotech's business checking account for personal expenditures in
early 2011. Black also encouraged Alotech's chief executive officer to obtain
two corporate credit cards - one in Black's name and one in the CEO's name - to
be used in case of emergency. Black also obtained a debit card without
authorization of Alotech of the company's CEO, according to the information.

Black began issuing multiple corporate checks for his personal benefit around
early 2011, and withdrawing cash from ATMs with the unauthorized debit card,
according to the information.

Around October 2011, Black met multiple women through the website
www.seekingarrangements.com. The website purported to match younger females,
approximately 20-30 years old, with rich, older men. The men agreed to provide
the women with cash and gifts in exchange for their companionship, according to
the information.

Between October 2011 and August 2012, Black provided cash and gifts with money
that he fraudulently obtained from Alotech. These include multiple personal
vacations to Chicago and numerous purchases there. This also includes purchases
at Hannoush Jewelry, Macy's.com, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth
Avenue and Victoria's Secret, according to the information.

He also purchased two automobiles for one of the women, including an Audi,
according to the information.

This indictment is the result of an investigation by Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney
Derek Kleinmann.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Former CFO charged with stealing $1.2 million, spending some of the money on
women he met online

LENGTH: 629  words

DATELINE: Columbus


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Ohio has issued the
following press release:

The former chief financial officer of Alotech Ltd. was charged with defrauding
his former employer out of more than $1.2 million, said Steven M. Dettelbach,
United States Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office.

A criminal information was filed in federal court charging John H.C. Black, 56,
of Cleveland Heights, with one count of wire fraud.

Black spent more than $450,000 of the stolen money buying cars and making
purchases at Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth Avenue, Victoria's Secret, Neiman Marcus
and other stores for women that Black met on the web site
www.seekingarrangements.com, according to the information.

"According to these charges, this defendant defrauded his employer and betrayed
the trust of all those who worked at Alotech," Dettelbach said. "The fact that
he blew hundreds of thousands of dollars on lingerie, purses and shopping trips
to Chicago for women he met online only adds insult to injury."

"Buying female companionship with Alotech's bank account was not what John Black
was hired to do," Anthony said. "Black is being held accountable for the
numerous financial schemes he utilized to defraud the company that paid his
salary."

Black was employed as the CFO at Alotech from July 1, 2009, through Aug. 31,
2012. Alotech is headquartered in Brooklyn, Ohio, and is engaged in the
manufacture, research and development of cast parts used by the military, auto
industry and aerospace industry, among other applications, according to the
information.

He began to use Alotech's business checking account for personal expenditures in
early 2011. Black also encouraged Alotech's chief executive officer to obtain
two corporate credit cards - one in Black's name and one in the CEO's name - to
be used in case of emergency. Black also obtained a debit card without
authorization of Alotech of the company's CEO, according to the information.

Black began issuing multiple corporate checks for his personal benefit around
early 2011, and withdrawing cash from ATMs with the unauthorized debit card,
according to the information.

Around October 2011, Black met multiple women through the website
www.seekingarrangements.com. The website purported to match younger females,
approximately 20-30 years old, with rich, older men. The men agreed to provide
the women with cash and gifts in exchange for their companionship, according to
the information.

Between October 2011 and August 2012, Black provided cash and gifts with money
that he fraudulently obtained from Alotech. These include multiple personal
vacations to Chicago and numerous purchases there. This also includes purchases
at Hannoush Jewelry, Macy's.com, Neiman Marcus, Louis Vuitton, Sak's Fifth
Avenue and Victoria's Secret, according to the information.

He also purchased two automobiles for one of the women, including an Audi,
according to the information.

This indictment is the result of an investigation by Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Special Assistant U.S. Attorney
Derek Kleinmann.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

An information is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is
entitled to a fair trial in which it will be the government's burden to prove
guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            June 11, 1994, Saturday

RISON'S MONEY PROBLEMS 'Miscommunication' blamed for actions toward foreclosure

BYLINE: By Len Pasquarelli STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section B; Page 14

LENGTH: 513 words


Refinancing mixup: Falcons player got behind in payments on his Alpharetta
mansion while refinancing, says his account manager.

The man who has spent the past several months restoring order to Andre Rison's
clouded financial situation claimed Friday that the foreclosure action initiated
against the Atlanta Falcons wide receiver resulted from a miscommunication
involving his client's attempts to refinance the mortgage on his now-gutted
Country Club of the South mansion.

At the same time, Tank Black of Columbia, S.C.-based Professional Management
Inc. (PMI), all but conceded that the four-time Pro Bowl performer lacked
responsibility in handling his money.

According to Black, Rison fell behind in his mortgage payments as his original
loan was being purchased by Texas Commerce Bank from First Jefferson Bank and
when Rison was in the midst of refinancing. During that time, said Black, late
notices were inadvertently sent to Rison's residence instead of Black's office.

Said Black: "There was a miscommunication regarding Andre's [loan] note, insofar
as to where the paperwork was supposed to go. When notices began going to
Andre's house, it created a problem, because he was back and forth between
Atlanta and Flint several times. There were periods when he wasn't in Atlanta
for a while."

A foreclosure notice published in Wednesday's Fulton County Daily Report
announced that the property would be sold at auction July 5 to satisfy a $
695,215 loan by Texas Commerce Bank.

Rison's mother, Merdice Brown, said Friday that the foreclosure notice was the
result of "slow paperwork," and that at no time did her son risk losing his
house by default.

An associate of Black's at PMI, operations manager Diane R. Moore, on Friday
provided The Atlanta Journal-Constitution with a copy of a letter she had faxed
to the Atlanta law firm of McCalla, Raymer, Patrick, Cobb, Nichols & Clark - the
firm retained by the Principal Residential Mortgage Corp. to foreclose on the
loan.

In the letter, which Black said showed his client's desire to bring the loan
current, Moore states that she has requested that Rison grant her "authorization
. . . regarding his mortgage balance." The letter concludes: "When we get the
correct amount due, we will send payment."

Dan Phelan, a foreclosure attorney for the law firm, would only confirm that
Rison is behind in his payments. "But he has an opportunity to reinstate the
loan, the same way any lender could," said Phelan. "That, of course, is the
preference of the mortgage company. Let's face it, they'd rather have their
money than to have to pay me."

The foreclosure notice is not the first of Rison's money problems. Despite a
two-year contract worth $ 2.88 million (which included a $ 1- million signing
bonus), he faced charges of having defaulted on an automobile loan last year and
Black admitted having recently taken care of a problem with the Internal Revenue
Service.

Police said foreclosure revelations regarding Rison's residence had nothing to
do with the fire and refused to comment on it further.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941680383

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              402 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday

Suspects in 'black money' scam picked the wrong guy

BYLINE: By David Hanners dhanners@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Minnesota-Twin Cities; West Metro; Local

LENGTH: 964 words


It was alchemy, but instead of turning lead into gold, the two men told their
new friend they could turn black sheets of paper into $100 bills.

And if the friend would come up with $50,000, the men could use the same process
-- tightly wrap the bills and black paper in aluminum foil containing a red
liquid, then stand on it for 15 minutes -- to double the man's money.

But federal prosecutors say the process wasn't chemistry, but rather a
magician's sleight of hand. For the uninitiated, it's known as a "black money"
scam, and in documents made public Monday, three Twin Cities men have been
charged with trying to pull it off.

Their alleged mark, though, happened to be a confidential informant for the U.S.
Drug Enforcement Administration. He told his handlers, who in turn told the U.S.
Secret Service, whose agents helped set up a sting.

After the men demonstrated their magical method to turn black paper into real
U.S. currency in a Bloomington motel room last Thursday, agents moved in and
arrested the trio. They were charged the next day with conspiracy to defraud.

Those charged are Benjamin Garduwar Karbedeh, 33, of St. Cloud, Minn.; Timothy
Sewro Boe, 38, of Coon Rapids; and Sylvester Richards Gayekpar, 26, of Brooklyn
Park.

The three went before a judge Tuesday. The government moved for detention. U.S.
Magistrate Judge Franklin Noel set bail for each at $25,000 and set their
preliminary hearings for today.

Gayekpar was released from federal prison in April 2008 after serving a 21-month
sentence on a federal conviction for pulling a similar scam. In the previous
one, a jury found that he tried to defraud a Ramsey County storeowner out of
$90,000.

According to an affidavit by Special Agent Lawrence Chung Propes of the Secret
Service, in the "black money" scam, the con man shows his mark stacks of what he
says is U.S. currency covered by a black substance to avoid detection. Usually,
they're just black pieces of paper cut to the size of a Federal Reserve note.

The con man then tells his mark that the black can be washed off the bills only
by using a chemical that is ridiculously expensive. The con man tells his mark
that if he gives him the money to buy the chemical, he'll give him a percentage
of the money once it is cleansed.

The scam alleged in the criminal charges was a variation on that.

Propes' affidavit says that on Feb. 1, Karbedeh approached a man who happened to
be a DEA informant and expressed an interest in buying his car. The two
exchanged phone numbers, and Karbedeh allegedly gave the man a white envelope
containing a $20 bill.

Later that day, Karbedeh phoned the informant (identified in court papers as CI,
for "confidential informant") and "explained that he had a process in which he
could double whatever money the CI provided to him," Propes wrote.

The informant told his DEA handlers, and two days later, the Hennepin County
sheriff's office Violent Offenders Task Force set up a meeting between the
informant, Karbedeh and Boe.

And that, prosecutors say, is when the magic started.

As the informant watched, Karbedeh and Boe took a genuine $100 bill that the
informant had given them and placed it between two pieces of black paper. They
wrapped the paper and the bill tightly in a piece of aluminum foil that
contained a red liquid.

"They then told the CI that he/she had to stand on them for 15 minutes to pass
the impression of the genuine note to the black paper," Propes wrote. Karbedeh
and Boe "then opened the foil package and placed the genuine note and the two
black pieces of paper in a cup with some clear liquid. ... They then washed the
black pieces of paper, removing the black substance and fully exposing two
additional $100 Federal Reserve notes."

The two men gave the informant his original bill, plus one of the others. They
then "again explained they would double whatever money the CI brought to them."

Karbedeh and Boe are alleged to have met the informant again Feb. 11, and
federal agents listened in. At that meeting, the two men allegedly told him that
once his $50,000 was turned into another $100,000, he could keep his original
money and half the $100,000.

They all met back at Room 544 of the Comfort Inn on East 78th Street in
Bloomington on Feb. 18. Propes said that Karbedeh and Boe again demonstrated the
"cleaning" method, this time using three genuine $100 bills.

Karbedeh and Boe then excused themselves, saying they had to go get additional
black paper and the chemical solution.

As Gayekpar waited in the car, Karbedeh and Boe went back to the hotel room.
They pulled the aluminum foil package from under a table leg, opened it and
pulled out six genuine $100 bills, "thus giving the impression that the new $100
Federal Reserve notes were created from this chemical conversion process,"
Propes wrote.

The informant then reached into a black Reebok duffle bag and handed the men
five stacks holding $10,000 each.

When the informant handed the men the first stack of $10,000, agents stormed
into the room and arrested Karbedeh and Boe. Gayekpar was arrested as he sat
waiting in his car in the motel's parking lot.

In June 2005, Gayekpar was charged in a similar scheme.

Gayekpar went to trial and was convicted of possessing altered U.S. currency
with intent to defraud. Eight months later, U.S. District Judge Michael Davis
sentenced him to the time he'd already served and placed him on two years'
probation.

Both sides appealed.

In January 2007, the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld Gayekpar's
conviction, but agreed the sentence was 13 months less than the 21-month minimum
of the sentencing guidelines. The court ordered Davis to resentence him.

In May 2007, Davis sentenced Gayekpar to 21 months in prison, followed by two
years of supervised probation.

David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                            November 5, 2010 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: C; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 407  words


Police seek hold-up pair

DURHAM -- Police are trying to identify two males who robbed a Kangaroo
convenience store at 106 East N.C. 54 early Sunday.

The two suspects, wearing bandanas over their faces and armed with guns, entered
the business around 4:45 a.m. and demanded money from the clerk. One suspect was
wearing a black jacket, a black and white striped hoodie with a white T-shirt
underneath gray pants and black shoes. He had a black bandana over his face. The
second suspect was wearing a white hoodie with multicolored stripes, long red
gym pants with white stripes down each leg, red shoes and a red bandana over his
face.

Investigators are looking into the possibility that this robbery may be
connected to three other robberies at convenience stores in the same area within
four days. The other robberies include:

* Oct. 30 at 3:05 a.m. at the Exxon at 3321 N.C. 55 -- One male entered the
store, pointed a gun at the clerk and demanded money. The suspect was wearing a
dark gray parka, a light gray hoodie, blue jeans and a bandana over his face

* Nov. 1 at 3:05 a.m. at Kangaroo Express, 2503 N.C. 55 -- A man entered the
business, pointed a gun at an employee and demanded money. He was wearing a
black and white bandana over his face and dark clothing

* Nov. 2 at 2:40 a.m. at the Exxon, 3321 N.C. 55 -- A male entered the store and
robbed the clerk at gunpoint. He was wearing blue jeans with multicolored
designs on the back pockets, a black jacket over a black hoodie, white shoes and
a black bandana over his face.

Anyone with information about any of these robberies is asked to call
Investigator Chappell at (919) 560-4415, ext. 29311, Investigator Smith at (919)
560-4415, ext. 29312, or CrimeStoppers at (919) 683-1200.

CrimeStoppers pays cash rewards for information leading to arrests in felony
cases and callers never have to identify themselves.

Thefts reported to local police

DURHAM -- Thieves broke into a car Sunday in the 100 block of Big Leaf Way and
stole a suitcase and medicine bag worth $230.

In other crime:

* Two laptop computers and two televisions worth $4,700 were stolen Monday from
a home in the 1500 block of Rowemont Drive.

* A man told police he was robbed Monday of $575 in the 300 block of Old Oxford
Road.

* Tools, a car radio and air compressor worth $1,000 were stolen Monday from a
car at a home in the 4000 block of Branbury Crossing.

Contact Keith Upchurch at kupchurch@heraldsun.com or (919) 419-6612.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              404 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 26, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Black business leaders to be honored

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 139 words

On Saturday, the council will honor J. Bruce Llewellyn, owner of the
Philadelphia Coca-Cola Bottling Co. , the nation's third-largest black-owned
company, and Arthur G. Gaston , chairman of the Booker T. Washington Insurance
Co. In the 1960s, Gaston provided bail money for the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.
and other civil rights activists.

The council's first corporate award will go to Xerox Corp. for its record in
minority hiring and promotion. About 14% of Xerox's employees are black, and 12%
of its managers are black. The company also has 12 black vice presidents and one
black president of an operating division.

Among program participants: political columnist Carl Rowan; ABC News anchor
Carole Simpson ; Rep. Bill Gray, D-Pa. ; and Vernon Jordan Jr., a partner in the
law firm Akin, Gump, Strauss, Hauer & Feld.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

Accompanies; Council helps blaze executive trail for blacks

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              405 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 28, 2000, Monday, Home Edition

GLOBAL ATLANTA: Out-of-state politicians aided by metro Latinos

BYLINE: Mark Bixler, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 650 words

The political dances between candidate and donors are in full swing in metro
Atlanta's booming Latino community, but most of the participants are in
long-distance relationships.

Though Georgia has few elected Latinos, metro Atlanta is emerging as an
important stop for Hispanic politicians accustomed to raising money in Chicago,
Los Angeles and New York, cities with large Hispanic populations. The most
recent fund-raiser happened last month in Duluth, when about 30 local Latino
businesspeople raised $ 15,000 for U.S. Rep. Xavier Becerra (D- Calif.). He's
running for mayor of Los Angeles.

Metro Hispanics say they also have raised money in recent years for Rep. Lincoln
Diaz-Balart (R-Fla.), Rep. Illeana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.) and Rep. Loretta
Sanchez (D-Calif.) and for Cruz Bustamante, a Democrat who became California's
first Hispanic lieutenant governor in 1998, and Willie Colon, a salsa musician
and New York Democrat who lost a bid for Congress in 1994.

Candidates are "looking beyond the traditional Latino hotbeds" to cities with
comparatively small but fast-growing Hispanic populations, said Larry Gonzalez,
director of the Washington office of the National Association of Latino Elected
and Appointed Officials. "It's the rationale of 'Leave no stone unturned,' " he
said.

Donors such as Ricardo Espinoza, an advertising executive and president of metro
Atlanta's Mexican-American Chamber of Commerce, hope their contributions
increase the number of elected Latinos around the country.

"For me it's important that a Hispanic occupies an important post in Los
Angeles," said Espinoza, a Mexican national who came to metro Atlanta about five
years ago.

Fund-raisers like the one for Becerra --- he didn't attend, an aide said,
because his flight from Washington was canceled --- mirror political custom of
other minority groups. Minorities often help candidates who look like them in
the belief that candidate and donor face similar obstacles despite living in
different states.

Local black candidates often raise money from blacks in other states, said Rep.
Bob Holmes (D-Atlanta), a member of the state's legislative black caucus.  Rep.
Tyrone Brooks (D-Atlanta), president of Georgia Association of Black Elected
Officials, said black candidates from Arkansas and Louisiana have asked
prominent blacks for contributions this year. "It happens every election year,"
he said.

The tradition is relatively new among metro Atlanta's Latino population.

Sara Gonzalez, president of the Atlanta Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, said she
supports Latino candidates from other parts of the country in the belief that
the candidates will pursue policies to benefit Latinos around the nation.  "We
need to elect Latino officials to look after our interests the same way the
black community supports black politicians," she said.

Hispanic leaders say they know of only three Latino elected officials in this
state --- city council members in Chamblee, Columbus and Powder Springs. Four
Hispanic candidates ran in the July 18 primary. The only winner, Judge Roland
Castellanos of Cobb State Court, had no opposition. He was appointed last year.
He is unopposed in the November general election.

The U.S. Census Bureau says the number of Latinos in metro Atlanta increased 103
percent from 1990-98, to roughly 132,500 from about 65,260. Demographers at
Georgia State University say the census numbers are low. They estimated in 1998
that 325,742 Latinos lived in the metro area.

Andre Pineda, political director for Becerra's campaign for Los Angeles mayor,
said Latino politicians ignore areas with emerging Latino populations at their
peril.

"Atlanta is being recognized as a place with a growing Latino community," he
said. "It's becoming worth a candidate's while to go there to make money. They
can't just sit there and focus on Los Angeles or Chicago or New York."

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Loretta Sanchez (D-Calif.)
Photo
Xavier Becerra (D-Calif.)
 Photo
Illeana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla.).
Photo
Out-of-state U.S. House of Representatives members seeking campaign
contributions from metro Atlanta's Latino community include (from left) Lincoln
Diaz-Balart (R-Fla.), Loretta Sanchez (D-Calif.), Xavier Becerra (D-Calif.) and
Illeana Ros-Lehtinen (R-Fla. ).

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              406 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      March 3, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Chairman denies report of Fannie Mae lending bias

BYLINE: Thomas A. Fogarty

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE:  WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Chairman Franklin Raines denied Thursday that Fannie
Mae, the USA's largest source of mortgage money, discriminates
against black home buyers.

"I'm personally outraged," Raines said at a news conference
called to respond to U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development
figures published Thursday in The Washington Post.

In 1998, HUD said, 5% of all mortgage money was lent to blacks.
Just 3.2% of Fannie Mae money went to blacks. The statistic is
accurate but misleading, Raines said.

He said the firm is handicapped in posting big numbers in minority
lending because of legal requirements that buyers put down 20%
on a home or buy expensive mortgage insurance. Also, minority
borrowers are often steered to high-interest lenders, a market
in which Fannie Mae isn't active.

Fannie Mae provided $ 8.4 billion in financing for black home buyers
in 1999, up 47% from 1993, Raines said.

"No private company has done more to expand home ownership for
minority families than Fannie Mae has," he said.

Fannie Mae is a government-chartered corporation. It receives
favorable tax treatment in return for providing capital for home
ownership. It buys loans originated by banks and other mortgage
lenders, giving them cash to make more loans. Fannie then packages
the loans for sale to investors.

By setting guidelines for the loans it buys, Fannie Mae has enormous
influence on lending practices.

Raines says he's convinced Fannie Mae's guidelines are blind to
race. HUD, its regulator, is reviewing that. A report is due in
six months. "We have no evidence of illegal activities," HUD's
William Apgar says.

HUD Secretary Andrew Cuomo, who spoke by phone at Raines' news
conference, praised Fannie Mae for supporting HUD's proposal to
increase next year's goal to 50% from 42% of new loans to low-
and moderate-income buyers.

Said Cuomo: "Fannie Mae could have fought us on it. They didn't,
even though it's an aggressive mark."

Home ownership stands at 73% of whites vs. 47% of blacks. Said
Raines: "There's more to be done, and we accept that challenge."



LOAD-DATE: March 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Debbie Morello, Reuters; Raines: 'Outraged' by lending
report.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              407 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday

'Black money' buys fraud convictions in Minneapolis case

BYLINE: By David Hanners dhanners@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: NORTH ZONE STORIES; Crime and Court Stories; Minnesota-Twin Cities

LENGTH: 1024 words


A federal jury has convicted two men of trying to use a "black money" scheme to
cheat a Twin Cities landscaper out of $50,000.

Unfortunately for them, the landscaper also happened to work as a police
informant. He went straight to investigators, who set up a sting to catch the
men last February.

Timothy Sewro Boe, 38, of Lawrenceville, Ga., and Sylvester Richards Gayekpar,
27, of Maple Grove were convicted late Wednesday after a jury had deliberated a
little more than three hours. Their trial started Monday in U.S. District Court
in Minneapolis.

Along with another man who had pleaded guilty, Gayekpar and Boe -- who used to
live in Coon Rapids -- were accused of engineering a scam to convince their
intended victim that they had a chemical process to turn black construction
paper into U.S. currency.

The "process" involved the use of one chemical to imprint the image of a real
$100 bill onto the black paper, and another chemical to wash away the black to
reveal a new bill. In reality, the chemicals were iodine and liquid vitamin C,
and the black paper they had washed off as a demonstration for their intended
victim actually was real $100 bills dyed black.

The would-be victim was supposed to supply the real money to be used for the
imprinting. In this case, the con men wanted $50,000 from him, and they promised
him he'd get his money back as well as another $50,000 in newly minted currency
from the black paper.

Boe was found guilty of conspiracy and two counts of possessing altered currency
with intent to defraud. Gayekpar was convicted of the single count of conspiracy
he faced.

After the verdicts, U.S. District Judge David Doty allowed Boe to remain free on
bail until sentencing, but Gayekpar was taken into custody. The conviction was
the second time in five years he's been found guilty in a federal court in
Minneapolis of running a "black money" scheme.

The convictions prompted special agent John Kirkwood, head of the U.S. Secret
Service's Minneapolis office, to remind people that there is "no lawful way to
reproduce or replicate genuine U.S. currency."

"As outrageous as this scheme sounds, an alarming number of innocent victims are
defrauded daily with this and other similar advance fee and confidence scams
related to genuine and counterfeit currency," Kirkwood said.

Last week, the men's co-defendant, Benjamin Garduwar Karbedeh, 34, of Brooklyn
Center, pleaded guilty to a single conspiracy charge and two counts of
possessing altered currency.

No sentencing date has been set for the men. They could face five years in
prison on the conspiracy charge, and Karbedeh and Boe could face 20 years on the
possession counts.

The government's case consisted of nine witnesses; the defense presented none.
Defense attorneys argued that Karbedeh shouldered the blame and that there
wasn't enough evidence to find Boe and Gayekpar guilty.

The government's key witness was Robert Martin, a Burnsville landscaper who had
become an informant for the Hennepin County sheriff's office in fall of 2008
after he was caught with 110 pounds of marijuana, $50,000 in cash and three
guns.

At the time, Martin was on probation for a 2005 felony conviction for drug
possession. He testified that he agreed to become an informant hoping to stave
off charges in the 2008 case. He has yet to be charged.

Martin, 44, testified that on Feb. 1, he was getting gas at a SuperAmerica in
St. Paul when Karbedeh approached him, complimented his 2010 Dodge Challenger
and asked him how much it was worth.

When Martin told him it was worth $30,000, Karbedeh offered to pay him double
for it, Martin claimed. Martin declined, but Karbedeh left him with an envelope
and told him to open it later and call him if he was interested in what he found
inside.

Martin testified the envelope held a $20 bill. He said he called Karbedeh, who
told him, "I can get you more of that." He also claimed Karbedeh told him he had
a process to double however much money Martin brought to him.

Suspicious of a possible crime in the making, Martin went to the sheriff's
office. Investigators decided to wire Martin for his subsequent meetings with
Karbedeh.

On Feb. 3, Karbedeh and Boe met Martin in a room at the Ramada Inn in Richfield.
There, the two took a $100 bill from Martin, sandwiched it between two pieces of
black paper, poured red liquid on the stack and wrapped it in aluminum foil.

They had Martin stand on the package for a few minutes, then unwrapped the foil,
pulled out the two pieces of black paper and washed them off to reveal two $100
bills.

In reality, the black paper had started out as genuine $100 bills that the men
had dyed black. One of the unusual qualities of U.S. currency -- compared with
the paper money of other countries -- is that it is washable.

Martin said that on Feb. 11, Karbedeh and Boe met him at a Perkins in
Minneapolis and told him that if they gave him $50,000, they could turn it into
$100,000. They'd give him half and they'd keep the other half.

The scam culminated in a Feb. 18 meeting in a room at the Comfort Inn Airport in
Bloomington. Karbedeh and Boe gave another demonstration, and as they did,
federal agents descended on the room and arrested the men.

Gayekpar, who had driven the men to their meetings with Martin, was arrested as
he sat in a car outside the hotel.

Gayekpar was convicted in 2005 in a variation of the "black money" scheme in
which he told the intended victim he had $3 million in U.S. currency that he'd
painted black so he could smuggle it out of his native Liberia.

He told the man that the money could be cleaned only with a chemical that cost
$30,000 per liter -- and that he needed three liters of the substance to clean
all the money. Gayekpar promised the man half the money if he gave him $90,000
to buy the cleaner.

The intended victim had grown suspicious and contacted investigators, who
monitored meetings between the two. The last meeting was June 6, 2005, when
federal agents arrested Gayekpar.

He was later convicted on a count of possession of altered currency and was
sentenced to 21 months in prison, followed by two years of supervised release.

David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 01, 1999, Sunday

Level the paying field for athletes

BYLINE: BILL MAXWELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1106 words



Those who run big-time college football - presidents, coaches, boosters,
athletic clubs, foundations, politicians - need to come clean about the
corruption in the institution and the abuse of young men who hit the gridiron
each autumn Saturday to butt heads.

The time has come to end the pretense that players on Division I-A teams - such
as Notre Dame, University of Florida, Alabama, UCLA, Nebraska, Michigan, Auburn,
Ohio State, Penn State and Florida State - are STUDENT-athletes, regular kids
lugging their book bags to and from class.

Fine-tuned, chiseled, testosterone-soaked and egocentric, these young men are
not STUDENT-athletes.

They are ATHLETE-students.

The sooner everyone understands this distinction and acts on it honestly, the
better off the I-A scene will be for everyone involved, especially for the
athletes and their families.

We need to start treating college football players like real paraprofessionals
deserving of the benefits and protections that come with such employment. I am
not alone in proposing this change, which was brought into sharp relief last
week with articles about William "Tank" Black, an NFL Players Association agent.
The association handed Black the harshest punishment ever given an agent for
rules violations. His certification was revoked for three years, and he must pay
a $ 25,000 fine when he reapplies for certification.

What Black is accused of doing is nothing more than standard operating procedure
among many agents. In May, the NFLPA lodged a complaint against him and his
company, Professional Management Inc., alleging eight violations that include
gifts of cash and cars to football standouts at the University of South
Carolina, Louisiana State and Florida before the athletes' NCAA eligibility had
expired.

At least four players at the University of Florida have been directly linked to
Black and PMI. In his NFLPA affidavit, former Florida linebacker Johnny Rutledge
depicts the shadow world of ATHLETE-students and agents.

Here are salient excerpts from the affidavit (Black denied the accusations):

"Beginning in 1997, my junior year, I began receiving money from Alfred Twitty,
who worked for Tank Black and his company PMI in Columbia, S.C. I initially
received $ 200 per month, but in the summer of 1997 I asked for more. Twitty
told me then that the usual amount for players like me was $ 600 per month. I
thereafter received $ 600 per month through December of 1998. On occasion, I
would get more than $ 600, like in December for Christmas and during my birthday
month when I got $ 1,000 in cash.

"Twitty began asking me about what car I wanted during my junior year, when it
was possible I would consider turning pro. I decided to play my senior year
instead. During my last season in 1998, Twitty again asked me what car I wanted.
I eventually told him in December of 1998 that I wanted a Mercedes Benz S420.

"I understood while I was receiving cash from Twitty that it was being provided
by Tank Black. I met Tank Black in Tampa in the summer of 1998 at an event
arranged by Twitty. Present were myself, Jevon Kearse, Fred Taylor and others
from Tank's agency. At that time, Tank asked me, "Is Tweet taking care of you?'
I answered in the affirmative. And he told me that if I ever needed anything, I
should contact Tweet.

"I also talked with Tank during the balance of 1998 when he would call me by
telephone and ask how I was doing. On one such call, I told him I needed money
to buy furniture. Soon thereafter, Twitty came with the cash (about $ 700), and
Reggie McGrew and I used it to purchase furniture for our apartment.

"I was aware that Jevon Kearse and Reggie McGrew were also receiving monthly
cash payments from Twitty. On occasion, the entire amount for all three of us
would be delivered to one of us. . . .

"I knew all along that it was expected by Twitty and Tank Black that I would
sign with PMI when I turned pro. I informed them late in the 1998 season that I
would do so. The day I signed with PMI - Jan. 4, 1999 - I got the car I told
Twitty that I wanted, which was a 1999 Mercedes S420 with all of the equipment I
had said I wanted."

Rutledge's experience is not unique.

Nationwide, hundreds of other football superstars have similar stories. Agents'
raison d'etre is to make as much money as they can, and many will resort to any
measures to sign players who will give them maximum bargaining power with NFL
teams.

Money and expensive gifts are the best ways to attract players. The dire
circumstances of most players make them easy targets for fat wallets. Many I-A
football players come from medium- to low-income families. They cannot buy
luxuries, and many cannot afford the simplest of things - pizza, decent
furniture for their apartments and, yes, a car. They see other students living
the good life. The Catch-22 is that unlike regular students, ATHLETE-students on
scholarship are prohibited from working. They cannot earn legitimate money if
they want to.

There is more: Even if they were permitted to work, they would not have time to
do so because, along with taking full class loads, they practice two to three
hours Monday through Friday. Game day is devoted to the game. If they travel out
of town to play, the entire weekend is devoted to the sport.

Meanwhile, their universities - and their coaches - are raking in millions of
dollars on their backs and from their sweat. The entire student body benefits
from the sport. When I was a graduate student at the University of Florida in
the early 1980s, for example, proceeds from Gator games literally bankrolled
summer school. The money was a godsend because budgets were tight.

Football is a plantation. Slavery. The players are "meat on the hoof," as Gary
Shaw called them in his book of the same title.

Football is big business. Period. The National Collegiate Athletic Association
needs to establish a uniform system to pay ATHLETE-students what they deserve.
If nothing is done, the system will continue to corrupt players and their
universities.

Please do not tell me that these players are students before they are athletes.
Nonsense. They have one purpose on a major campus: to play football and generate
lucre for their schools.

I do not know how to devise a system of fair monetary compensation for these
ATHLETE-student paraprofessionals. But I know that it can be done. Most
universities have competent business colleges. A committee of economic scholars,
along with other experts, from select schools should immediately start to work
on a solution - one that has clean money and other fair compensations as its
focus.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              409 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            August 01, 1999, Sunday

Level the paying field for athletes

BYLINE: BILL MAXWELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1106 words



Those who run big-time college football - presidents, coaches, boosters,
athletic clubs, foundations, politicians - need to come clean about the
corruption in the institution and the abuse of young men who hit the gridiron
each autumn Saturday to butt heads.

The time has come to end the pretense that players on Division I-A teams - such
as Notre Dame, University of Florida, Alabama, UCLA, Nebraska, Michigan, Auburn,
Ohio State, Penn State and Florida State - are STUDENT-athletes, regular kids
lugging their book bags to and from class.

Fine-tuned, chiseled, testosterone-soaked and egocentric, these young men are
not STUDENT-athletes.

They are ATHLETE-students.

The sooner everyone understands this distinction and acts on it honestly, the
better off the I-A scene will be for everyone involved, especially for the
athletes and their families.

We need to start treating college football players like real paraprofessionals
deserving of the benefits and protections that come with such employment. I am
not alone in proposing this change, which was brought into sharp relief last
week with articles about William "Tank" Black, an NFL Players Association agent.
The association handed Black the harshest punishment ever given an agent for
rules violations. His certification was revoked for three years, and he must pay
a $ 25,000 fine when he reapplies for certification.

What Black is accused of doing is nothing more than standard operating procedure
among many agents. In May, the NFLPA lodged a complaint against him and his
company, Professional Management Inc., alleging eight violations that include
gifts of cash and cars to football standouts at the University of South
Carolina, Louisiana State and Florida before the athletes' NCAA eligibility had
expired.

At least four players at the University of Florida have been directly linked to
Black and PMI. In his NFLPA affidavit, former Florida linebacker Johnny Rutledge
depicts the shadow world of ATHLETE-students and agents.

Here are salient excerpts from the affidavit (Black denied the accusations):

"Beginning in 1997, my junior year, I began receiving money from Alfred Twitty,
who worked for Tank Black and his company PMI in Columbia, S.C. I initially
received $ 200 per month, but in the summer of 1997 I asked for more. Twitty
told me then that the usual amount for players like me was $ 600 per month. I
thereafter received $ 600 per month through December of 1998. On occasion, I
would get more than $ 600, like in December for Christmas and during my birthday
month when I got $ 1,000 in cash.

"Twitty began asking me about what car I wanted during my junior year, when it
was possible I would consider turning pro. I decided to play my senior year
instead. During my last season in 1998, Twitty again asked me what car I wanted.
I eventually told him in December of 1998 that I wanted a Mercedes Benz S420.

"I understood while I was receiving cash from Twitty that it was being provided
by Tank Black. I met Tank Black in Tampa in the summer of 1998 at an event
arranged by Twitty. Present were myself, Jevon Kearse, Fred Taylor and others
from Tank's agency. At that time, Tank asked me, "Is Tweet taking care of you?'
I answered in the affirmative. And he told me that if I ever needed anything, I
should contact Tweet.

"I also talked with Tank during the balance of 1998 when he would call me by
telephone and ask how I was doing. On one such call, I told him I needed money
to buy furniture. Soon thereafter, Twitty came with the cash (about $ 700), and
Reggie McGrew and I used it to purchase furniture for our apartment.

"I was aware that Jevon Kearse and Reggie McGrew were also receiving monthly
cash payments from Twitty. On occasion, the entire amount for all three of us
would be delivered to one of us. . . .

"I knew all along that it was expected by Twitty and Tank Black that I would
sign with PMI when I turned pro. I informed them late in the 1998 season that I
would do so. The day I signed with PMI - Jan. 4, 1999 - I got the car I told
Twitty that I wanted, which was a 1999 Mercedes S420 with all of the equipment I
had said I wanted."

Rutledge's experience is not unique.

Nationwide, hundreds of other football superstars have similar stories. Agents'
raison d'etre is to make as much money as they can, and many will resort to any
measures to sign players who will give them maximum bargaining power with NFL
teams.

Money and expensive gifts are the best ways to attract players. The dire
circumstances of most players make them easy targets for fat wallets. Many I-A
football players come from medium- to low-income families. They cannot buy
luxuries, and many cannot afford the simplest of things - pizza, decent
furniture for their apartments and, yes, a car. They see other students living
the good life. The Catch-22 is that unlike regular students, ATHLETE-students on
scholarship are prohibited from working. They cannot earn legitimate money if
they want to.

There is more: Even if they were permitted to work, they would not have time to
do so because, along with taking full class loads, they practice two to three
hours Monday through Friday. Game day is devoted to the game. If they travel out
of town to play, the entire weekend is devoted to the sport.

Meanwhile, their universities - and their coaches - are raking in millions of
dollars on their backs and from their sweat. The entire student body benefits
from the sport. When I was a graduate student at the University of Florida in
the early 1980s, for example, proceeds from Gator games literally bankrolled
summer school. The money was a godsend because budgets were tight.

Football is a plantation. Slavery. The players are "meat on the hoof," as Gary
Shaw called them in his book of the same title.

Football is big business. Period. The National Collegiate Athletic Association
needs to establish a uniform system to pay ATHLETE-students what they deserve.
If nothing is done, the system will continue to corrupt players and their
universities.

Please do not tell me that these players are students before they are athletes.
Nonsense. They have one purpose on a major campus: to play football and generate
lucre for their schools.

I do not know how to devise a system of fair monetary compensation for these
ATHLETE-student paraprofessionals. But I know that it can be done. Most
universities have competent business colleges. A committee of economic scholars,
along with other experts, from select schools should immediately start to work
on a solution - one that has clean money and other fair compensations as its
focus.


LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              410 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            March 22, 2007 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Black allotted several roles on dramatic day in court

BYLINE: Mark Coultan, Chicago, With The Guardian

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 593 words


FOR all his wealth and influence, media mogul Conrad Black is little more than a
common thief; except he used arcane financial documents rather than crowbars and
guns to seize his loot of $US60 million, according to US prosecutors.

But his lawyer, speaking on the opening day of Black's corporate fraud trial,
said the fallen media mogul was guilty of nothing more than a bad attitude.

Black is charged with skimming money from the sale of newspapers owned by
Hollinger International, as well as using company money and resources for a
holiday in Bora Bora, his wife's birthday party, and for an apartment in New
York. He denies any wrongdoing.

Seeking to blunt the impact of documents that show Black describing questions
about non-compete clauses in sales contracts as an outbreak of "shareholder
idiocy", Black's lawyer Edward Genson said his client was arrogant but not
guilty of diverting millions from his shareholders into his own pocket. Instead
of Black committing a theft, the company had been stolen from him.

"The truth will vindicate Conrad Black and set him free of the charges," Mr
Genson said.

Earlier, US prosecutor Jeffrey Cramer opened the trial by saying that Black and
three of his executives "stole $US60 million". They had inserted "non-compete"
clauses into the sale of Hollinger newspapers without the buyers asking for them
so they could divert money into their own pockets that should have gone to the
shareholders of Hollinger International.

On one occasion, they had extracted money from a newspaper without it being
sold. It was a case of getting money for not competing with themselves, Mr
Cramer said.

"Bank robbers are masked and they use guns. Burglars wear dark clothing and use
crowbars. These men dressed in ties and wore a suit," said Mr Cramer, gesturing
towards Black and co-defendants Jack Boultbee, Mark Kipnis and Peter Atkinson.
"They do it with memos and documents and a few lies."

Mr Cramer said Black had tried to obstruct justice by taking away boxes of
documents after they were subpoenaed by the Securities and Exchange Commission.
This had been captured by a surveillance camera, he said. But Mr Genson said
Black had only been removing personal effects and some documents. And this was
before he had actually received the subpoena and after he had already provided
more than 100,000 documents to authorities.

The first day featured several characters who were not there. The prosecution
used the example of a mythical bar called Joe's Tavern to explain how a
non-compete clause worked.

Anyone who bought Joe's Tavern would want to ensure that Joe did not immediately
set up another bar across the road. They would pay a share of the purchase price
to Joe to make sure he did not do so.

The defence cast Black as Sam the popular bartender at Joe's. Any buyer would
not want Sam to set up his own bar nearby and lure customers away.

Never mind that the defence also admitted that Black's personality was as far
away from a friendly bartender as you could imagine. The other personality to
feature was David Radler, Black's long-time business partner, who was not in
court but looms large in the trial. He has turned prosecution witness in
exchange for a plea deal of a 29-month prison sentence, and has paid millions in
fines and settlements.

Radler was painted by Mr Genson as a man who had lied to Black and had then cut
a deal with the prosecution.

The trial is expected to take three to four months. Witnesses could include
Henry Kissinger, who was on the board of Black's company, and Donald Trump. --
With THE GUARDIAN

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A grey Black. PICTURE: REUTERS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              411 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      November 17, 1997 Monday 2D EDITION

Black Hawk defends result of gaming fund investigation

BYLINE: By Ginny McKibben, Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 825 words


GOLDEN - A criminal investigation into the administration of a gambling revenue
fund in Black Hawk caused quite a rumble in this historic mining community early
this year.

Eyebrows were raised over published reports that money from the fund, which was
meant for the historic preservation of buildings in the town, instead had been
used to spruce up private residences and mining shacks, including those of the
mayor and other public officials.

But the case virtually fizzled out this month. Only one indictment was returned
- against a private company hired by three Black Hawk property owners to oversee
their grant money.

The company, Historic District Management Corp., pleaded guilty to a single
felony charge of breach of its fiduciary duty. The company will pay no fines -
only $ 15,000 in restitution. Its owner, Arvada resident Dennis Murphy, was not
criminally charged and will serve no jail time.

"It's like the mouse that roared," said Jack Hyland, attorney for the
corporation and Murphy. "They had this huge investigation, and all that ended up
was the squeak of one indictment and a plea that doesn't reflect any gross
mishandling (of funds)."

The plea ends the investigation, which was conducted by the Colorado Bureau of
Investigation and the Jefferson County district attorney's office.

Jefferson County District Attorney Dave Thomas, whose region includes Gilpin
County, acknowledged that the grand jury investigation failed to pinpoint much
criminal activity. But he defends the investigation, saying it did spur changes
in how Black Hawk officials manage money from the gambling fund.

"I don't think we blew it out of proportion," Thomas said. "Those funds needed
to be looked at."

The roots of the case stretch back to 1990, when Colorado voters approved
limited stakes gambling in Black Hawk, Central City and Cripple Creek. At the
same time, they authorized a portion of gambling taxes to be set aside for
historic preservation and restoration in the three towns.

Because Black Hawk's casinos produce the highest gaming revenues, the town
receives the lion's share of the historic preservation funds. No state agency
oversees how the money is spent, and the Colorado attorney general's office has
ruled that the money comes without strings attached.

"There is no mechanism to ensure that the spending is what voters intended,"
said Jefferson County prosecutor Dennis Hall, who led the investigation.

The town's Historic and Architectural Review Commission reviews applications for
the funds and recommends approval to the city council, which has the final say.

The council, in turn, is accountable only to the 150-odd voters in the town - a
group that officials say is generally delighted with the program.

For the most part, the residential restoration money has gone to meet
"habitability standards" - introducing electricity, heating and plumbing into
decaying mining shacks and cottages built into the hillside, Planning Director
Mark Kieffer said.

"There are no gold-plated faucets here," he said.

Kieffer said the town has invested in the dilapidated homes in hopes of
stabilizing its neighborhoods in the face of the growing dominance of the casino
operations. About 75 percent of the gaming revenues have been spent for public
projects, including remodeling city hall.

In 1992, Black Hawk hired a national consultant to develop guidelines for use of
the gambling money. The consultant devised strict rules for the awarding of
grants to homeowners.

But in its indictment of Historic District Management Corp., the grand jury
claimed that the town had failed to enforce the guidelines.

By 1995, the Black Hawk City Council was allowing the funds to be used for any
purpose that "would enhance the comfort of Black Hawk residents," according to
the indictment.

According to published reports, grant funds were awarded to Mayor Kathryn
Ecckert for sidewalk repairs, outside stairs and a new water line for her home.
In addition, city officials have used the grant money to install new roofs,
utility lines, retaining walls and to shore up foundations.

The corporation went to property owners and offered to secure grant funds to
improve their homes, as well as to act as a general contractor in overseeing the
work to completion, making an additional $ 5,000 on each grant for providing
"technical assistance."

Prosecutors said that Murphy's corporation failed in its fiduciary duty when it
lumped funds from three grants into one account for payment to subcontractors.
About $ 15,000 was diverted to pay bills on another home.

DA Thomas contends that the tax monies, more than $ 1 million annually, were not
closely controlled by the town board.

"When you are dealing with funds in the magnitude we are talking about, they
need to be guarded very carefully," he said.

Since the investigation, the town has agreed to hire an expert in historical
preservation to administer the grant money.

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Shaun Stanley Money meant for historic
preservation in Black Hawk, above, was used to spruce up private residences and
shacks.

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 21, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Membership of clubs expands, diversifies Minority groups gain involvement,
momentum

BYLINE: Sandra Block

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 318 words


When W.O. Smith of Atlanta attended his first investment-club
fair five years ago, his club stood out. Unfortunately, it was
the club's membership, not its portfolio, that attracted attention.
"My club was the only minority club there," Smith says.


Times have changed.

Smith recently attended a fair that drew about 800 investors;
at least 40% were black, he says.

While the National Association of Investors Corp. (NAIC) doesn't
track members' ethnicity, district coordinators around the country
say they're seeing lots more minority investment clubs.

"When I got involved with the NAIC, I think you could count the
blacks involved on one hand," says Mary Ellen Pryor, a member
of the Beanstalk Investment Club in Miami. "Now I've visited
with at least three black groups in south Florida, and they've
all started clubs."

Pryor, whose 6-year-old club includes black women ages 29 to 50-plus,
says the increase reflects a new generation of computer-wise investors.

"They have access to more news, and they're aware of what's happening
in the stock market," she says.

The 12 black women who belong to the Mahogany Association had
two goals when they formed their club eight years ago. The first
was to earn money. The second was to "become educated in a field
that was predominantly male-dominated," says Jeaneen McDaniels,
37, a human resources supervisor for Timken Co. in Canton, Ohio.

Judging from the size of their portfolio, now valued at more than
$ 100,000, the women have succeeded. Members have resisted the
temptation to cash out, McDaniels says. "The most we've ever
done is go out to dinner and use some of the money to pay for
it."

Smith says many of the people he talks with want a better job
and a nicer home, but hadn't given much thought to investing.
That's changing, he says. "Now they want to own their share of
America, too."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael Schwarz, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              413 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 16, 1990, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Drexel execs aim to land on their feet

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 386 words


Drexel Burnham Lambert's star executives have a different set of problems from
rank-and-file retirees such as Judith Freedman. (Story, left.)

As a group, the 100 biggest holders of Drexel's now worthless stock had $ 720
million of their net worth tied up in the the all-but-dead brokerage firm. But
most appear to be using their wealth, reputations and connections to engineer a
soft landing - if not a leap into entrepreneurship. A look at some
ex-Drexelites:

John Kissick succeeded the deposed Michael Milken as head of Drexel's junk-bond
unit - the heart of the firm. He remains in Beverly Hills, where Milken's
operation was based, and although just in his early 40s, he has retired on the
millions he made at Drexel - most of which he did not sink in Drexel stock.

Leon Black was head of mergers and acquisitions. No definite word, but he's
rumored to be forming his own New York mergers boutique.

Maria Ramirez, money markets economist and a five-year Drexel veteran, has
formed her own company, Maria Ramirez Capital Consultants Inc., based in New
York. She is offering economic forecasting and money management services to
clients.

Peter Ackerman, head of international capital markets, is writing a book and
serving as a resident scholar at a small university in London.

Abby Joseph Cohen was Drexel's stock market strategist and one of its best-known
stars. She has not yet accepted an offer but is said to be interviewing with a
number of Wall Street firms for another strategist position.

Joseph Bencivenga, director of junk-bond research, is moving back to New York to
head junk research at Salomon Bros., where he started his career.

Fred Joseph, president and CEO, will be busy for months if not years to complete
the liquidation of Drexel. Nearly all his net worth is tied up in the firm. But
Wall Streeters who know him say Joseph, 52, will probably seek a job with
another firm as soon as his Drexel duties allow - and will have no trouble
finding one.

John Shad, the former SEC chief who joined Drexel as chairman to help it recover
from its stock fraud troubles, is a member of a three-person committee
overseeing Drexel's liquidation. Shad, 66, will be busy with that well into
1991. Most expect Shad to retire after that job's done.

On to better, if not bigger, things

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Stephen Lefkovits, USA TODAY (Abby Joseph Cohen); PHOTO;
b/w, U.S. News & World Report (Fred Joseph); PHOTO; b/w, Bill Nation, Picture
Group ( John Kissick)

CUTLINE: COHEN: Strategist interviewing with many firms. CUTLINE: JOSEPH: Nearly
all his net worth is in Drexel. CUTLINE: KISSICK: Most of his money wasn't in
Drexel stock.

Ribbon Label; DREXEL'S DEMISE; PICKING UP THE PIECES; 4

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              414 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Clinton Urged to Send Cash to Aid Congressional Races

BYLINE: By JONATHAN MARTIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1464 words


WASHINGTON -- She holds a commanding lead in the presidential race and has $150
million in the bank, but some leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to
use more of that money to mobilize black voters in hopes of winning control of
Congress, publicly revealing a crack in party unity that could have lasting
consequences if she is elected.

In interviews, two senior African-American members of the House called on Mrs.
Clinton to draw from her war chest to fund voter-turnout efforts in
congressional races. They warned that even if she handily defeated Donald J.
Trump, her presidential agenda would be stymied unless she swept in new
Democratic lawmakers with her.

At issue is a strategic choice with profound implications: Should Mrs. Clinton
reach to defeat Mr. Trump in more states like Utah? Or should she instead divert
some of her resources to Democrats who are battling in tight races in liberal
states like New York and centrist states like Colorado, or in Republican-leaning
states like Indiana and Missouri that she has effectively written off?

As Mrs. Clinton confidently expands her campaign into conservative-leaning
states, she should make the knife's-edge fight for the Senate and the Democratic
effort to cut into the Republicans' House majority a priority, said the
lawmakers, Representatives James E. Clyburn of South Carolina and G. K.
Butterfield of North Carolina.

''She may be in a good place, but I don't think the party is in a good place
yet,'' said Mr. Clyburn, the third-ranking House Democrat.

To be sure, Mrs. Clinton has started to infuse her stump speech with attacks on
Republican congressional candidates: She used a rally in Raleigh on Sunday to
lash Senator Richard M. Burr of North Carolina, who is locked in a dead heat
with his Democratic challenger. And Mrs. Clinton's aides noted that she had
committed several million dollars of additional funding in recent days to aid
the entire Democratic ticket, money that will be used in part for an extensive
program to target African-American voters. Taken together, it is far more than
what President Obama did for other Democrats in his two elections, as some of
her supporters privately noted.

''Since the start of the campaign, Hillary Clinton has been deeply committed to
electing Democrats from the statehouse to the halls of Congress,'' said Marlon
Marshall, Mrs. Clinton's director of states and political engagement. ''Having
already invested an estimated $100 million in joint efforts to support
coordinated campaigns, we're now supercharging it in the final weeks of the
campaign.''

But Mr. Clyburn and Mr. Butterfield, the chairman of the Congressional Black
Caucus, said that Mrs. Clinton's efforts had been insufficient to the task at
hand.

Mr. Butterfield, noting that the party's ''down-ballot races are not as
comfortable as the presidential race,'' added: ''I'm concerned about the
African-American vote. We've got to get a turnout in the African-American
community that equals or surpasses the white turnout.''

The two said they had taken their pleas in recent days to senior officials in
Mrs. Clinton's campaign and received respectful hearings but no firm
commitments.

While both congressmen said they applauded their nominee's effort to expand the
presidential map, their lobbying effort highlights the competing pressures Mrs.
Clinton faces in the campaign's final weeks.

Many of her closest advisers want to humiliate Mr. Trump by aggressively
competing in Republican bastions like Arizona and Utah. But other senior party
officials would like her to divert significant financial resources to help
congressional Democrats.

Mrs. Clinton announced last week that she would send a total of $1 million to
Indiana and Missouri, two states where she is not competing that have crucial
Senate races. But some Democrats would like to see more.

Mr. Clyburn and Mr. Butterfield were not focused exclusively on the black vote:
Mr. Clyburn cited Colorado, where he had just visited and where Mrs. Clinton is
very likely to prevail, as an example of a state where he hoped she would
continue to spend money for the good of Democratic House candidates.

''The young people working on campaigns there I talked to said, 'We can win this
election, but I can't hire nobody to carry people to polls,''' he said, adding
that they told him that they had ''no budget for that.''

What particularly grates on black Democratic leaders is that there always seems
to be ample money for television ads, which enrich the party's top media
consultants. In September alone, Mrs. Clinton spent $66 million on commercials.

''I don't understand why we think that churches and other groups ought to be
running vans to the polls for free,'' Mr. Clyburn said. ''We don't ask these
guys who place TV ads to do it for free.''

The congressmen did not specify how much money they hoped Mrs. Clinton would
divert, but with competitive Senate races in at least seven states and two or
more hotly contested House campaigns in 13 states, Democratic candidates would
benefit from seven-figure commitments.

Even as Mr. Trump slips in the polls in nearly every battleground state, raising
Democratic hopes for an Electoral College landslide, Republicans continue to run
competitively in the hardest-fought Senate and House races.

Public polling shows that Democrats are well positioned to narrowly win control
of the Senate, but as many as seven seats remain up in the air. These contests
could determine whether Democrats can gain enough of a majority to overcome the
occasional straying by some of their more conservative senators.

In the House, Democrats are expected to gain seats, but it is unclear how close
they can come to picking up the 30 needed to capture control.

And with newly disclosed fund-raising records revealing that Mrs. Clinton and
her joint fund-raising arms began October with more than $152 million in the
bank, Mr. Clyburn and Mr. Butterfield believe she should provide more to aid
Democrats in races that could go either way.

''I believe the Clinton campaign has the resources,'' Mr. Butterfield said.

Mr. Clyburn invoked a bitter anecdote to make his case, recalling how in 2004
John Kerry barely lost the presidency and subsequently was found to have ended
the election with $14 million unspent.

''Why was that money sitting in the bank?'' Mr. Clyburn said, echoing many
Democrats who would have preferred to have seen it transferred to the party.

Both lawmakers said Mrs. Clinton was certain to enjoy an overwhelming victory
margin among African-Americans, but they argued that black turnout could
determine how many congressional seats Democrats captured. Voting by blacks
surged in Mr. Obama's two victories, but many Democrats have expressed concerns
about diminished black enthusiasm in this election, particularly among younger
people.

''I want this party, in the final weeks of the campaign, to be out there hiring
workers to go out and beat the bushes, knock on doors, get people to polls,''
Mr. Clyburn said.

Six of the seven states with Senate races that are likely to determine the
balance of power have sizable African-American populations. Among them, North
Carolina has the largest proportion of black residents: 22 percent.

''If we can just pump $200,000 to $300,000 into black political groups here that
are experts at getting out the African-American vote, I think that can make a
difference,'' Mr. Butterfield said.

Mr. Butterfield said he had also lobbied Senators Chuck Schumer of New York, the
incoming Democratic leader, and Jon Tester of Montana, who leads the Senate
Democratic campaign arm, to direct more money to the party's ground game. A
spokesman for the Senate Democratic campaign effort said it was directing money
to state parties to drive black turnout and had contracted with former
Representative Steven Horsford of Nevada, a political consultant, to help run
its efforts in states where the black vote is crucial.

Mr. Butterfield and Mr. Clyburn cast their arguments in practical terms, saying
it was in Mrs. Clinton's interest to begin her presidency with as many Democrats
as she could help get elected before facing a potentially difficult first
midterm election. Democrats, Mr. Clyburn noted, are all too familiar with making
gains in presidential years only to see them erased.

''It's time for us to work on getting her a supporting cast in place so she can
get the kind of Supreme Court that can leave her legacy in place'' and enact her
legislative agenda, Mr. Clyburn said. ''Or else we'll see ourselves facing the
same problems in two years that we did in 2010.''

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get
politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/25/us/politics/hillary-clinton-money
-congress.html

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Representatives G. K. Butterfield of North Carolina, left, and
James E. Clyburn of South Carolina called on Hillary Clinton to fund turnout
efforts down the ballot. ''She may be in a good place, but I don't think the
party is in a good place yet,'' Mr. Clyburn said. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY AL DRAGO/CQ
ROLL CALL VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS
 PAUL SANCYA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              415 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               February 26, 1998, Thursday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Lyons arrested

BYLINE: MONICA DAVEY; CRAIG PITTMAN; MIKE WILSON; DAVID BARSTOW

SECTION: NATIONAL; LYONS ARRESTED; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 3340 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Pinellas-Pasco prosecutors charged Baptist leader Henry J. Lyons with
racketeering and grand theft on Wednesday, alleging that he and several aides
in the National Baptist Convention USA Inc. used fraud and extortion to steal
millions of dollars.

Lyons turned himself in at the Pinellas County Jail at 3:15 p.m. and was
released in lieu of $ 100,000 bail about 20 minutes later.

Wednesday night, Lyons told his congregation during regular church services
that he did not understand the charges against him and complained about how
much his attorneys are costing him. But he praised Sheriff Everett Rice for  the
way he was treated at the jail.

At one point during the service church members stood and applauded him.  "My
name will be cleared," Lyons told the congregation.

Attorney Grady Irvin declined to respond to any of the specific allegations
contained in the three-count information or an 82-page affidavit seeking a
warrant for the arrests of Lyons and Bernice Edwards, a former convention
employee who was taken into custody Wednesday night in Wisconsin.

Lyons is charged with one count of violating the Racketeer Influenced and
Corrupt Organization Act, a first-degree felony, and two counts of grand  theft,
also felonies. Edwards, a convicted embezzler, is named as a  co-defendant in
the racketeering count.

If convicted as charged, Lyons would likely face a prison term of less than  10
years, lawyers said.

Pinellas-Pasco State Attorney Bernie McCabe, whose office began  investigating
Lyons last July, declined to comment.

The arrest affidavit, written by David A. Kurash, an investigator for  McCabe,
accuses Lyons of using the good name of the National Baptist  Convention USA to
swindle millions of dollars from big corporations by  inflating the convention's
membership. It accuses him of selling one company a  list of black church
members so patently phony that it included an official of  the Ku Klux Klan.

It accuses him of taking thousands of dollars intended for burned churches  and
instead spending it on himself, his family and an employee described as  his
"paramour."

It says he invoked his friendship with President Clinton to extort a
half-million dollars from one company.

Around noon Wednesday, Lyons' attorneys, family members and parishioners  began
gathering at the St. Petersburg offices of one of his lawyers. Just  before 3
p.m., Lyons, seated beside his wife in the back of an Infiniti sport  utility
vehicle, rode in a caravan of lawyers and reporters to the Pinellas  County
Jail. His daughter, Vonda, drove.

Lyons looked serious but relaxed as he entered the booking area with his
lawyers. Attorney F. Lee Bailey put his arm around Lyons as he stepped into a
fingerprinting and photographing section.

Deborah Lyons sat beside her daughters and church members on benches in the
waiting area of the jail. "We're standing on God's promises," Mrs. Lyons  said.

Twenty minutes later, Lyons emerged. Mrs. Lyons rushed to stand hear him.  "Pray
for us," she said to watching reporters. Are you supporting your  husband, a
reporter asked? "All the way."

In Milwaukee, Edwards was arrested Wednesday evening, about an hour after
Milwaukee authorities received the warrant from Florida. Bail was set at  $
50,000. She had not been released from the jail late Wednesday, jail  officials
said.

Today she is scheduled to appear before a judge. There she can request a
hearing if she wants to fight extradition to Florida. Neither Edwards nor her
attorney could be reached for comment.

Membership lists

   Lyons and Edwards are accused of using wildly inflated NBC membership
numbers and phony claims of a membership list to make deals with large
corporations. The companies were eager to sell their products to
African-Americans and were pleased when Lyons, Edwards and other partners
offered them access to an NBC mailing list.

"These agreements essentially involved Lyons and/or NBC endorsing their
service, or product, in exchange for large payments and/or contributions to  the
NBC," the affidavit says. "Most of the funds, after being deposited to  the NBC
Baptist Builder bank account, were then diverted" to Lyons and  several aides.
"The NBC Baptist Builder bank account was used to "launder'  the funds."

The list of NBC members that Lyons and his partners tried to peddle to
companies, the affidavit says, was a "complete hoax and does not exist." In
truth, no mailing list of NBC members existed with the exception of "a few
thousand names in a computer."

So Lyons told his employees to make one up, the affidavit says. Lyons and  his
employees pulled names from other groups, old business cards, anywhere.  "Most
of these people on the list were not Baptist or NBC members, and many  were not
black," Renee Fagans, a former employee of NBC convention official  Brenda
Harris, told the investigators.

Lyons' membership claims also were wrong, the affidavit says. Though Lyons  and
his partners represented the NBC as the largest black Baptist group with
8.5-million members, the group is far smaller.

"Everyone knew that wasn't true," Lynda Shorter, Lyons' former assistant,  told
investigators. "Lyons would just make up a figure for the number of  churches in
a particular state, and he would then make up a figure for how  many members in
each state." Lyons chuckled as he made up the numbers,  Shorter said.

"The companies . . . relying on Lyons, Bernice Edwards and (Palatka  minister
Fred) Demps' representations, paid millions of dollars to the NBC.  The victims
then lost all or substantially all of their funds," the affidavit  stated.

In 1995, officials at Globe Accident and Life Insurance Co. of Oklahoma  City
met with Lyons and Edwards. The company wanted to market its insurance to
Baptists, and Lyons said he wanted to help his members because it "saddened  him
when a member died and there was little or no insurance to provide a  proper
burial for the deceased."

A deal was struck. Globe paid $ 400,000 for a list of names and addresses.

But Globe's promotional mailing was a disaster. The mailing list didn't  seem to
be reaching black Baptists. The chairman of the board of Globe's  parent
company, who was not a member of the NBC, received the mailing. So did  other
Globe employees. So did an Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.

Told of the concerns, Lyons told Globe officials it wasn't his fault;  someone
had purposely sabotaged the membership list after he won a hard-fought  election
in 1994.

Hoping the contract could be salvaged, Globe gave Edwards and Lyons a  second
chance: For an additional $ 600,000, Globe would get "exclusive use"  of the
NBC's list for three years. Lyons and Globe officials signed another  contract.
Again, the mailing list was a mess, the affidavit says.

Robert Richey, Globe's representative on the NBC project, told authorities  that
Lyons and the NBC "defrauded" Globe for more than $ 1-million and that  the
project was the worst he had ever been associated with.

The company's president, Mark McAndrew, said it was the "worst business  deal he
has ever been involved in."

The Loewen Group

   According to the affidavit, Lyons and Edwards also extorted and defrauded
millions of dollars from the Loewen Group, a large Canadian funeral company,
then used the money to finance six-figure spending sprees on clothes, jewelry
and real estate.

As Lyons and Loewen negotiated a partnership to market Loewen products,  Lyons
solicited several "contributions" for the convention, including  $ 70,000 for
his "Christian Education Fund" and $ 100,000 for a new drug  rehabilitation
program. According to one Loewen executive, "Lyons told him if  Loewen Group
would make the contribution to the drug rehabilitation program,  he would set up
a meeting between Ray Loewen, the corporate chairman, and  President Bill
Clinton."

Much of the money from those contributions ended up with Lyons or his  friends,
the affidavit alleges. Days after one $ 30,000 contribution, Lyons  transferred
$ 25,500 into his personal savings account, the affidavit states.  Days after
the $ 70,000 donation for the education fund, Lyons wrote checks to  himself for
$ 50,000, to Edwards for $ 10,000 and to a company owned by Harris  for $ 8,939.

As for the $ 100,000 contribution for drug rehabilitation, "there are no
withdrawals which can be identified as relating to any "drug rehabilitation'
program." But there were checks for jewelry, hotel bills and private school
tuition for Edwards' daughter.

In late 1995, Loewen was hit by a $ 500-million judgment in a Mississippi  civil
suit. The suit threatened to bankrupt the company. According to two  Loewen
executives, Larry Miller and Tim Hogenkamp, Lyons and Edwards called  after the
verdict to offer some unusual help. Lyons, they said, offered to use  his
"connections" in Mississippi to get the verdict reversed.

"Miller said Lyons and (Edwards) stated that it would cost up to  $ 2-million;
that they would have to pay various retainers and otherwise to  hire the "right
people,' such as investigators and lawyers."

In January 1996, Loewen settled the Mississippi suit for $ 175-million. Days
later, Lyons and Edwards called the Loewen executives, the affidavit states.

"Where is our money?" they asked, according to the executives. "You  authorized
us to spend $ 2-million and we have already spent the money."

Prosecutors found no evidence that Lyons hired any lawyers or investigators  in
Mississippi to help Loewen.

The Loewen executives asked for receipts. Lyons and Edwards said receipts  were
on the way. The executives "trusted Lyons" and "believed he was "the  black
Pope' " so they sent $ 500,000 to a bank account in Milwaukee. Lyons and
Edwards provided "the name and bank routing number" of the account, held  under
the name J.H. Associates at the Guaranty Bank.

This account, the affidavits allege, "was nothing more than a "hidden'  personal
bank account used to "launder' the funds obtained from the Loewen  Group."

No receipts came, so Loewen sent no more money.

Weeks later, Lyons and Edwards called again.

"I want my money or I am prepared to call a press conference terminating  our
agreement," Hogenkamp quoted Lyons as saying. Hogenkamp said Lyons  threatened
to "denounce the company in very unfavorable terms" and to  instigate an
investigation of Loewen by members of the Congressional Black  Caucus.

"Hogenkamp stated that he believed he was being blackmailed," the  affidavit
states.

Loewen wired another $ 500,000 to the J.H. Associates account.

According to the affidavit, Lyons and Edwards used the $ 1-million in this
account to finance the purchase of a $ 700,000 home on Tierra Verde. Edwards
told a Realtor that "she and Lyons were going to live at the house." Edwards
also dipped into the money for $ 60,000 in "expensive clothing," $ 53,000 for
jewelry and $ 28,500 for furniture.

Black colleges

   The affidavit says Lyons often promised to turn over money from  corporations
to traditionally black colleges. Instead of supporting education,  Lyons
deposited most of the money into the Baptist Builder Fund "and not (in)  any
"Education Fund,' " the report says.

In one instance, Lyons solicited a $ 600,000 donation from United American
Insurance Co., an affiliate of Globe, saying he was going to give the money to
Selma University in Alabama. He said the school "was in dire financial
condition and was about to close," the report says.

Lyons deposited the $ 600,000 into the Baptist Builder Fund on Oct. 24,  1995.
Two days later, he sent $ 266,000 to a secret Milwaukee bank account  controlled
by Bernice Edwards. Two days after that, he wrote a $ 50,000 check  directly to
Edwards. He used $ 20,000 to buy a luxury time-share condominium  for himself
and Edwards. And he deposited $ 55,000 into his personal accounts.

Within 10 days, $ 463,700 of the $ 600,000 was gone - and none of it went to
Selma University.

In his public statements, Lyons grossly overstated the sums the convention  gave
to the colleges, the report says. For example, he said he gave $ 40,000 to
Florida Memorial College in Miami, but Kurash says only $ 9,000 in Baptist
Builder Fund checks went to the school. Several schools that Lyons said
received donations of $ 2,500 received no money at all.

In all, Lyons claimed the convention gave $ 1.65-million. But Lyons wrote  only
$ 287,000 in Baptist Builder Fund checks to black colleges, the report  says.

Though Lyons also claimed he gave tens of thousands of dollars of his own  money
to the colleges, all the known personal bank accounts of Henry and  Deborah
Lyons showed only two checks made payable to colleges or seminaries,  the
affidavit says. The total: $ 1,500.

Burned churches

   Prosecutors also charged Lyons with two counts of grand theft, accusing him
of stealing thousands of dollars intended to help burned churches.

Lyons kept $ 60,000 for himself, according to the affidavit. And Lyons gave
more than $ 25,000 of the money for the burned churches to a woman the
affidavit identifies as "Lyons' paramour," Brenda Harris, the NBC  conventions
and meetings director.

Lyons gave another $ 4,000 of the money to "an interior decorator for
decorating services at his personal residence in St. Petersburg," Kurash  wrote.

In November 1996, the Anti-Defamation League presented Lyons with a check  for $
225,000 to be given to Southern churches that were burned down.

Two weeks later, Lyons asked for more money from the ADL for burned  churches.
ADL officials asked him to account for how he spent the first  contribution.
Lyons sent ADL officials a letter naming six Alabama churches  that he said had
been given $ 35,000 each. The letter was false.

When Lyons got the ADL money, he could have put it in an existing NBC  account
specifically earmarked for burned churches, Kurash wrote. Instead, he  put it
all into a secret account at the United Bank in St. Petersburg called  the
Baptist Builder Fund.

Lyons has refused to answer prosecutors' questions about his finances or to
turn over any financial records, Kurash wrote, but investigators found that
after Lyons wrote the checks to three churches totaling $ 39,000, he "then  used
much of the ADL funds for his own use."

Not a dime went to any other churches, even though they desperately needed
money to rebuild, Kurash wrote. Instead, Lyons took $ 60,000 for his own bank
account, then transferred money out of that account to an investment account  he
had at Raymond James, the investigator wrote.

According to Kurash, some of the rest went to three of the women in his  life: $
25,300 for Harris; $ 12,177 to his wife, Deborah; $ 2,094 went to his  daughter,
Stephanie Lyons.

Lyons also spent $ 4,000 to pay off his own credit card bills, Kurash wrote.

In fact, right after he asked the ADL for more money, Lyons and Edwards  bought
a new 1997 Mercedes S600V using $ 37,500 from the Baptist Builder Fund,  Kurash
noted.

Harris' assistant, Renee Fagans, told Kurash "that Henry Lyons had told  her
that he was in love with Brenda Harris and that he was going to marry  her."
Fagans said Harris bragged "that she and Lyons were going to be  married as soon
as he could "get rid of his alcoholic wife.' "

Lyons and Harris once took a trip to New York together, Fagans said, "and  he
bought her a very expensive mink coat, as well as repeatedly sending her  very
substantial amounts of money."

From June 1995 to July 1997, Lyons sent Harris at least $ 523,370 from the
Baptist Builder Fund and other NBC accounts, Kurash wrote. He also sent her
another $ 100,000 from an NBC Convention bank account, but some of that may
have been related to her travel agency, Kurash wrote.

- Times staff writer Jounice Nealy and researcher Carolyn Hardnett contributed
to this report.

THE AFFIDAVIT

State prosecutors have accused National Baptist Convention USA president Henry
Lyons of:

 Stealing nearly $ 200,000 intended to help burned churches, spending  $ 25,000
of it on a female convention employee identified as "Lyons'  paramour."

 Swindling nearly $ 3-million from corporations by inflating the number of  NBC
members and then selling them a phony mailing list of black church members  that
included a grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.

 Extorting a half-million dollars from a cemetery company by invoking his
friendship with President Clinton and threatening to denounce company  officials
from the steps of the Capitol.

 Hiding $ 4.8-million in a secret bank account, with no records of where  the
money came from or where it went.

 Giving black colleges far less money than he has claimed, instead  spending
donations on himself and his friends.  THE MONEY TRAIL

Henry J. Lyons has collected millions of dollars during his tenure as leader  of
the National Baptist Convention USA Inc. Below is a chart describing what  is
known about where the money came from, where it was put, and how it was  spent.
The dollar amounts come from convention documents, court records and  interviews
with Lyons and others.

1. WHERE MONEY CAME FROM.

More than $ 1 million from The Loewen Group, a Canadian funeral company

$ 1,000,000 from Globe Life and Accident Insurance Co. in Oklahoma City

Between $ 100,000 and $ 1 million from Nettelle Systems Ltd., a Virginia phone
company.

$ 350,000 from the government of Nigeria

$ 300,000 from Union Planters Bank in Nashville.

$ 244,500 from the New York-based Anti-Defamation League to repair burned
churches.

$ 225,000 from General Motors

$ 50,000 from Heart and Soul magazine

$ 50,000 from Lincoln Life Insurance Co. of Indiana.

$ 37,500 from United American Insurance Co.

$ 25,000 from the Florida sugar industry.

$ 15,000 from Alabama Power Co.

$ 15,000 from African-American Church Health & Economic Services (medical
insurance

$ 10,000 from Quincy Farms, a mushroom manufacturer.

2. ACCOUNTS THAT HELD MONEY

National Baptist Convention USA Inc. Baptist Builder Fund at the United Bank
and Trust Co. in St. Petersburg.

J.H. Associates, an account at the Guaranty Bank of Milwaukee.

Henry J. Lyons and Bernice V. Edwards joint checking account at the Mercantile
Bank in St. Petersburg.

3. HOW MONEY WAS SPENT

$ 226,000 toward the purchase of a $ 700,000 home on Tierra Verde

$ 214,500 to reimburse the Anti-Defamation League for church-burning donations
Lyons withheld

$ 75,000 toward the purchase of a $ 135,000 Mercedes-Benz

$ 38,700 on a 5.56-carat diamond ring

$ 32,000 advanced to help Bernice Edwards pay restitution for embezzling,
according to her lawyer. Lyons denies this.

$ 30,000 to help repair burned churches

$ 25,000 toward the purchase of jewelry from a Clearwater company

$ 22,000 on a luxury Lake Tahoe time-share condo

About $ 7,000 for diamond-studded cufflinks and a gold money clip

$ 3,500 worth of artwork for the Tierra Verde house

Improper $ 2,500 contribution to the Democratic party

$ 2,000 toward the planned purchase of a $ 925,000 mansion in Charlotte, N.C.

$ 1,000 for memberships to the exclusive Nashville City Club

Hundreds of thousands of dollars for convention expenses, including salaries,
office equipment, travel, printing, rental space, contributions to black
colleges.

Hundreds of thousands of dollars in payments to Lyons, Bernice Edwards, the
Rev. Frederick Demps, former secretary Bonita Henderson, aide Russell Odom and
convention official Brenda Harris.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, ANDREW INNERARITY; COLOR PHOTO, (2); BLACK AND WHITE
CHART; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); BLACK AND WHITE DRAWING; The Rev. Henry
Lyons, followed by his wife, Deborah, leaves the Pinellas County Jail complex;
Bernice Edwards; Lawrence Singleton; gives details as to where money came from,
accounts that held money and how money was spent; shows home on Tierra Verde;
shows planned purchase mansion in Charlotte, N.C.; shows copy of check used as a
down payment on a 5.56-carat diamond ring; Mercedes Benz symbol

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              416 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     October 8, 1989, Sunday, Final Edition

A Washington Life, Well-Lived;
Bishop John Walker Was a Symbol of Integration and Hope

BYLINE: Juan Williams

SECTION: OUTLOOK; PAGE C5

LENGTH: 1184 words


MY CONVERSATIONS with Episcopal Bishop John Walker began about a year before his
death, on Sept. 30.  The official reason for the talks was a profile I was
writing on Walker, but somehow we ended up talking a lot more about how a person
can stay true to his religion in the bump-and-run of modern life in Washington.

Walker wore the deep purple robes and purple amethyst ring of a bishop. But his
greatest strength was his ability to shed pretense, to seem to be the same
simple parish priest that his great-grandfather had been in tiny Barnesville,
Ga. Walker's ability to pierce the barriers of class, race and attitude is as
much his legacy as his renowned success at retiring the huge debt from the
building fund to restore the cathedral.

Walker was a mediator, a peace-maker, a man able to reach into different pockets
of humanity and get things done. As a youth during World War II, he would write
letters to the soldier sons of Syrian, Lebanese and German mothers in his
integrated neighborhood on the east side of Detroit. And when the Army sent
telegraphs with bad news, he would read them for the mothers.

One summer during his seminary training, he was assigned to Bellevue Hospital in
New York.  At 2:30 a.m. he got an emergency call -- an old man was dying and the
doctor wanted a priest to calm the man. When the young, black priest arrived,
the man tried to hide beneath his blankets. "He thought if he could get away
from me, he would not die." Walker waited, and then the man's hand slipped from
under the sheets. Walker held it, in silence, till dawn. Early in our
conversations about life in Washington, Walker would talk about current events
and how various power players in the capital were handling themselves. But as
the conversation continued, he turned to the values that might encourage a
righteous life in this capital city.

Walker said he didn't keep secrets and regularly counseled those in power not to
do so either. "The fewer secrets you keep, the less people can hurt you," Walker
explained. "If you have too many secrets people can always find those secrets
out and use them against you." For much the same reason, Walker said, he advised
Washingtonians against imagining they could get away with doing things they
would be ashamed to have known publicly.

Unlike most Washington players, Walker made it a point not to hold a grudge if
someone had lied, cheated or cut corners in their dealings with him. Instead, he
said, he saw himself as constantly learning about individuals, including when to
trust one person and when not to trust another. Believing in the human desire to
do good -- and recognizing the need to form alliances to get things done in
Washington -- Walker remained open to any individual's efforts to redeem
himself. Walker said his children would sometimes ask why he was dealing with a
person who had burned him in a previous deal, and he would say he'd forgotten
about the past -- this was a new deal, a new opportunity to work together.

Walker was surrounded by power, but he tried to avoid trading in it.  Powerful
people would call him on occasion and insist he help their children gain
admission to St. Alban's, the prestigous preparatory school attached to the
cathedral. Usually, Walker would tell them he couldn't do it -- for the simple
reason that he didn't know them or the children and he wasn't going to lie to
gain favor with them.

Even with President Bush, Walker didn't hold his tongue. He told his
Episcopalian parishoner that he was proud to have him in the diocese, but he was
disappointed over the use of the Willie Horton ads to raise racial tensions
among voters. He told Bush that he was "not proud of how the Republicans won the
election."

When it came to money, the bishop, a quiet man who drove a Chevrolet Celebrity,
said he wouldn't mind being rich. But, he said, there were only a few really
rich people in Washington -- and a lot of middle-class and upper middle-class
people pretending to be rich. And the charade, Walker argued, required too much
maintenance. If you earn the money of a Washington lawyer, doctor, businessman,
you have to manage it. And if you have money, then you also start to live a life
that relies on money -- fancy houses, fancy vacations, fancy clothes and
pressure from people to contribute to power charities. Too many Washingtonians,
the bishop found, become slaves to continuing to make the money necessary to
keep this lifestyle going.

"People who earn a lot of money hardly ever live within their means in this
town," he said. "They are traveling a lot, buying nice things, they have
beautiful cars and so they have to worry too about the bills and taxes . . . .
So I've never been anxious to make a lot of money. My wife isn't either . . . .
I've never asked for a raise and I'm not absolutely certain how much I make a
year."

As for another major demon of Washington life -- ambition -- Walker took the
long view. He counseled that real power in Washington was not achieved by lying
or cheating to get ahead, to please the boss, the congressman or even the
president. When I asked him about Oliver North's effort to please his superiors,
Walker said: "I guess I would have said it's more damaging to my career to be
seen by a large number of Americans as lying to Congress." Walker's biggest
challenge may have come in dealing with racial issues in Washington. Born a
black Georgia farm boy, Walker struggled to make his way in a mostly white
church hierarchy. He was the first black student in his seminary, the first
black priest in his initial parish. He was the only black teacher at a white
Episcopalian school. He came to Washington around the time of the 1968 riots
and, in two decades, made the church more open to women and minorities. But in
dealing with race, Walker sometimes found himself standing alone:

"There was a notion in 1968 that mom-and-pop stores should be abolished because
they were run by whites and supposedly they put their thumbs on the scales [when
food was weighed]. My position was I don't think it makes a whole lot of
difference to the poor black family whether it's a black thumb or a white thumb,
and you've got to show me that blacks are morally superior to all the other
people in the world and I persist in the need to recognize our own guilt, our
own sins as the beginning for making necessary change."

Still Walker often found himself at a loss when dealing the social crisis among
poor black people in Washington: "When you look at the conditions in black
Washington today -- the poverty, infant mortality, shootings and drugs -- we've
got a thousand years to go, we're not there," he said. "And I know some people
get disheartened and I know some people want to throw in the sponge and give up,
but I can't do that. My feeling is too strong that it's God's will that we live
together in peace. It's God's will that we grow beyond our racial animosities
and that we must commit ourselves to continue that work. That's why I'm here. I
am not here for any other purpose."

Juan Williams is a Washington Post staff writer.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JOHN WALKER. RICH LIPSKI

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              417 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 15, 2007 Thursday
                                National Edition

Black seeks to ban video of meeting: 'Hearsay' evidence

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP2

LENGTH: 358  words


Conrad Black says it would be prejudicial to his criminal fraud trial next month
in Chicago if prosecutors are allowed to introduce a videotape of a contentious
shareholder meeting in 2003 at which an investor called the former press baron a
thief.

Lord Black is asking Judge Amy St. Eve of the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois to insist that prosecutors remove the exchange
between Lord Black, who was then chief executive of Hollinger International
Inc., and shareholder Edward Shuffro at the meeting at New York's Metropolitan
Club.

According to court papers filed by Lord Black in Chicago yesterday, Mr. Shuffro
listened to questions from other shareholders about large payments to Lord Black
and other top Hollinger executives and then said: "They're trying to be polite
about it, but [what] they're telling you is that they consider you a thief and I
can't say that I have any disagreement with that whatsoever."

The shareholders' meeting was videotaped by a Canadian documentary maker who
attended, and was eventually turned over to U.S. prosecutors.

In the court filing, Lord Black's lawyers say they have not received a copy of
the videotape, but prosecutors have told them they intend to play the entire
tape.

"Mr. Shuffro's comments are hearsay," Lord Black's lawyers argue in the court
filing, adding that Mr. Shuffro does not appear on the prosecutor's witness
list.

"Because Mr. Shuffro is not a witness, admission of his out-of-court statements
would deny Mr. Black to right of cross-examination...."

Lord Black is facing charges of fraud, racketeering, money laundering, and
obstruction of justice. Jury selection is set to begin on March 14.

Lord Black and three co-defendants were charged with fraud in late 2005.
Prosecutors allege they diverted more than $80US-million from Hollinger
International to themselves and other companies they controlled through
non-compete payments linked to newspaper sales.

Lord Black is also facing allegations he abused company perks, including using
Hollinger money to help pay for a birthday party for his wife at upscale New
York restaurant La Grenouille.

bshecter@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 12, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

BET Plans Site for African Americans; Web Offering in Works Amid Talk of
'Digital Divide' Between Whites, Minorities

Shannon Henry, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1352 words



With $ 35 million and backing from Microsoft Corp. and three media giants, BET
Holdings Inc. of Washington plans to launch what it hopes will become the
premier meeting and shopping place for African Americans online.

Scheduled for a November start, BET.com will be free and have electronic mail,
instant messaging, news, entertainment, shopping and other services, all
targeted at African Americans, BET Chairman Robert L. Johnson said in an
interview.

Possible coming attractions: Spike Lee selling his movies direct, a black
-oriented guide to nightlife in Philadelphia, an African American version of
online auctioneer eBay.

BET, which made its name in black-oriented cable TV, is launching its venture at
a time of increased concern in government and industry over a "digital divide,"
a gap between those who use the Internet--disproportionately white, high-income
Americans--and those who don't.

Johnson predicts BET.com, which is to be formally announced in New York today,
will attract more minorities to the global computer network and give black-owned
businesses a nurturing place online. "We have come together to ensure African
American consumers are not left out of the economy," Johnson said.

Despite the disparities, many sites are appearing on the World Wide Web with the
aim of attracting specific ethnic and gender groups. For instance, NetNoir Inc.
of San Francisco--"The Black Network"--offers many of the the types of services
that Johnson promises.

And competition among women-oriented sites is heating up, with newcomer
Oxygen.com fighting with the likes of iVillage.com and the locally based
Womenconnect.com. "I think women do go to these sites," said Gary Arlen, a
Bethesda Internet analyst. "They like that there's someone paying attention to
their needs."

Arlen said that as some big "portal" sites fade away because they are trying to
be all things to all people, sites geared toward specific groups might succeed
because they take people directly where they want to go rather than in random
directions. "Communities are what the Web is all about," Arlen said.

But Mark Hardie, an analyst with Forrester Research Inc., a Cambridge, Mass.,
market research firm, said serious questions remain about whether ethnic group
members want to structure their online exploration around sites aimed at their
group. Hardie is African American, and he doesn't particularly search out Web
sites targeting blacks. "The audience that's online now is not Afrocentric," he
said.

So far, "community" sites have made very little money. The same is true for
sites geared toward specific geographic areas.

Microsoft recently sold its money-losing Sidewalk local sites, which gave
information on topics such as restaurants and movies in specific cities, to
TicketMaster-CitySearch. "Local and affinity [sites] have been tremendous
challenges," said David Card, an analyst with Jupiter Communications Co., a New
York City research firm that focuses on emerging technologies.

But Johnson believes the ethnic model will work. He is counting on his media
empire's brand, best known for its popular cable channel Black Entertainment
Television, to help set it above other black-oriented sites. It also will be
aided by the financial and promotional backing of Microsoft, cable TV companies
USA Networks Inc. and Liberty Media Group, and News America Digital Publishing,
the electronic publishing division of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp.

"We'll spend more money to launch this product than any other African American
[Internet] product that has ever been launched," Johnson said.

"BET is early to market and that's a good thing," Hardie said. "BET has a brand
like no one else has. It's a powerful brand that crosses television, cable and
print."

BET.com will operate as a separate subsidiary, of which the outside investors
will together own about 45 percent.

It will be much more comprehensive than the current MSBET.com site, a joint
effort with Microsoft that offers African American-oriented news and information
but no commerce. While the Redmond, Wash., company will continue as a backer,
the site will drop the "MS" because BET by itself is recognized by more than 90
percent of African American audiences, the company said.

Many analysts say a big challenge will be to get more minority homes online in
the first place. Some say BET may strike one or more deals with Internet service
providers to offer lower cost or free access, and perhaps free or inexpensive
computers. "If they don't do lower-cost access, then it won't do a whole lot
other than create interest," said Card of Jupiter Communications. "But interest
is still helpful."

Johnson said he "wouldn't be surprised" to see an Internet service provider come
to him for a partnership. "We've got to dispel the notion that a computer is a
high-tech, complicated, expensive device," he said.

A recent Commerce Department study found that households with annual incomes of
$ 75,000 and above are more than 20 times as likely to be online as those with
the lowest incomes. Black and Hispanic households are only 40 percent as likely
as white households to have Internet access.

The report also found that the online gap between white households and black and
Hispanic households had increased by more than 6 percentage points from 1997 to
1998.

Still, about 3.9 million African Americans will be online by 2000, according to
Forrester Research. "This is the optimal time to make the substantial
investment," Johnson said.

Johnson said his potential users will like the fact that the site has an African
American owner, with strong partners. He said this new venture is like a lot of
others--music, film, television, publishing--in which African Americans had to
create their own distribution networks to break into the market.

BET plans to promote the site across all of the company's properties. Its cable
shows, for instance, will likely run ads for it. "There are hundreds of African
American businesses waiting in the wings for this content and capacity to come
together," Johnson said.

The launch of BET.com would be another chapter in the building of Johnson's
media conglomerate. When he founded cable channel Black Entertainment Television
in 1979, it aired two hours a week. Now a 24-hour channel, it has 57.8 million
cable households and reached more than 90 percent of African American households
with cable access in June 1999, according to Nielsen Media Research.

Since the original launch, Johnson has added more specialized cable channels,
magazines, restaurants and even movie studios to his offerings, creating a true
African American media conglomerate. The company runs a 24-hour jazz channel
called BET on Jazz, Heart & Soul Magazine, which focuses on black women's health
and beauty, and BET Arabesque Films, which produces African American movies.

Johnson owns 64 percent of BET Holdings, while Liberty Media owns 34 percent.

Johnson intends to make money on this venture. "We've got the greed motivation,"
he joked.

He also wants other minorities to make money.

Taking a page from the America Online Inc. how-to-make-money-on-the-Internet
playbook, Johnson said he'll charge content providers and advertisers for space
on the site. He's seen AOL rake in millions from companies such as eBay Inc. and
First USA Bank.

BET.com hopes the venture will take in revenue from advertising, electronic
commerce and sponsorships. Johnson said he plans to spin off the portal as a
public offering, probably in 2000 if the conditions are right.

"This is the first big general-purpose play aimed at the African American
audience," Card said. "The fact that they're a media company in the real world,
particularly in television, is important."


The Net's Divide

White households use the Internet at well over twice the rate of black and
Hispanic households.

Percent of U.S. households using the Net

White* 32.4%

Hispanic 12.9%

Black* 11.7%

*Non-Hispanic

NOTE: Figures are for 1998


SOURCE: Commerce Department



LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              419 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Black loses legal motion

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; News Makers; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 172 words


Conrad Black has lost a bid to have his remaining convictions dismissed on the
basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the former media baron from
hiring the defence lawyers he wanted.

The filing, made last year in a U.S. district court in Chicago, centred around
claims that law enforcement's seizure of $9 million of proceeds from the sale of
his New York apartment left Black without enough money to retain lawyers Brendan
Sullivan and Gregory Craig, who both worked at Williams & Connolly LLP in
Washington.

Black purchased the apartment from his company Hollinger in 2000 for $3 million
US and later sold for it for $9 million US.

His lawyers argued that prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two warrants to
seize the assets by concealing information that would have undermined their case
for taking the money.

Black's lawyer argued that not having access to the money denied him is right to
counsel.

On Tuesday, Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge who presided over
Black's initial fraud charge, denied the motion.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Conrad Black;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              420 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          February 25, 2009 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

DOCUMENTING THE 'NEW BLACK OVERCLASS'

BYLINE: Doug Moe

SECTION: FRONT; DOUG MOE; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 702 words


The story that got Lee Hawkins out of the Midwest and on the road to where he
wanted to be started with a dead body slumped against a nightstand in a
Milwaukee hotel. An empty liquor bottle lay nearby.

The dead man was Phil Katz, 37, a computer whiz who made a lot of money in a
hurry and then lost his way. He drank, hung out at strip clubs, and drank some
more.

The New York Times obituary, which listed the cause of death as complications
from alcoholism, noted that "Katz's computer program, PKZip, played a major role
in making Internet communications easier and less expensive."

Other major media outlets took note of Katz's death, but only Lee Hawkins, who
then - in spring 2000 - was a business reporter for the Milwaukee Journal
Sentinel, got the ultimately tragic back story, a classic case of a young man
overwhelmed by success.

Hawkins' Page One, 3,000-word story in the Journal Sentinel came out six weeks
after Katz's death.

"That really opened up doors for me," Hawkins was recalling this week, and now,
nearly a decade later, he has drawn on it again for a new, ambitious project.

Thursday night at 8 on CNBC, Hawkins, 37, will anchor an hour-long documentary,
"NEWBOs: The Rise of America's New Black Overclass," which looks at the
challenges and opportunities facing a generation of young blacks, many in the
sports and entertainment industries, who have made a lot of money in a hurry.

Hawkins, a UW-Madison graduate and former Wisconsin State Journal reporter, has
also written a book by the same title that will be published in June.

In a telephone interview from New Jersey, Hawkins noted the similar themes of
the new project and his Katz piece from a decade ago. It's not hard, after all,
to find young athletes who sign a big contract and then crash and burn. But
happily, a number of the celebrated, self-made blacks Hawkins spoke with for his
documentary have handled their sudden wealth more capably, learning from their
own mistakes or those of others.

Among those featured in the documentary are NFL wide receiver Terrell Owens;
baseball's Torii Hunter; Black Entertainment Television founder Bob Johnson; the
Williams Brothers of Cash Money Records and their artist, Lil Wayne; and,
perhaps most notably, the basketball star LeBron James.

"LeBron fired his agent and took control over his brand," Hawkins said.

James wound up partnering with three longtime black friends and forming a
company, LRMR - the first initials of their first names - that has put James
near the top of Business Week's "Power 100" in the sports category. His LeBron
James Family Foundation has helped thousands of disadvantaged kids. In 2006 LRMR
held a sports marketing summit in Akron, Ohio, that was attended by
representatives of Nike, Coca-Cola and Microsoft.

Hawkins interviewed James and his partners for the program. He calls James "very
mature for his age," and points to James' support of Barack Obama as a point of
separation between James and Michael Jordan, who has been steadfastly
apolitical.

Hawkins himself has been on a career fast track since coming to Madison from his
native Minnesota for college. He was editorial page editor of the Badger Herald
on the UW-Madison campus and thought about entering politics, finally deciding
"I could affect change more as a writer than an activist."

Out of school he joined the State Journal as a business reporter, moved from
there to the Journal Sentinel, and in 2003 joined the staff of the Wall Street
Journal to cover General Motors. The Journal's partnership with CNBC got Hawkins
some early TV exposure, and he began getting calls from agents telling him he
was a natural for the medium. He's now both a Journal reporter and a CNBC
correspondent.

Hawkins is single, and lives in Edgewater, N.J., 15 minutes from New York City
and about the same distance from CNBC's New Jersey headquarters. "A convenient
location," he said. He hasn't forgotten his past, having arranged for a Madison
producer, Greg Doby, to do the theme song for Thursday's documentary.

Hawkins is now the same age as Phil Katz was when the Milwaukee computer genius
reached his sad end. Lee Hawkins, it would appear, is headed in the other
direction, having figured this success thing out.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Contact Doug Moe at 608-252-6446 or dmoe@madison.com

GRAPHIC: Photo of Lee Hawkins

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 7, 1997, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Georgia's stature rising in black personal income;
Rate of growth since 1990 beats national average

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01F

LENGTH: 454 words


Black buying power in Georgia is expected to reach $ 26 billion this year,
making it among the nation's strongholds of black economic strength, according
to a study by the University of Georgia.

The annual study, conducted by the Selig Center for Economic Growth, is expected
to be released this week and covers 1990 to 1997. The study is often used as a
gauge to determine the economic clout of the African- American community in
Georgia and the rest of the nation.

Black buying power is defined as the total personal income of blacks that is
available, after taxes, to spend on products and services. The study does not
specify how that money is spent.

"There is continued strong growth in black buying power, and that reflects both
the strong demographic push of an expanding black population as well as the
strength of the current business cycle," said Jeffrey M. Humphreys, director of
economic forecasting at UGA.

Against the rest of the country "we compare very well. This tells us that this
is probably the most attractive market in the country in terms of black
consumers, and also a concentrated market."

Humphreys said African-Americans spend one in every six dollars spent in
Georgia.

From 1990 to 1997, black buying power in Georgia is expected to have jumped 69
percent ---making the state the 12th-fastest gainer. That is also ahead of the
national average of 54.2 percent. That figure, however, can be somewhat
misleading.

For example, the state with the highest gain is Idaho, which is expected to show
a 160 percent change during the period. "All the leading states have relatively
small black populations so, statistically, that's very easy to double," he said.


The study also found:

Overall black buying power nationwide is expected to rise 54.2 percent to $ 469
billion in 1997 from $ 304 billion in 1990. States with the highest black buying
power are New York, California, Texas and Illinois.

As expected, black buying power in Georgia is highest in metro Atlanta, where it
is expected to reach $ 13.8 billion in 1997, an increase of 69.2 percent from
1990.

This year, Georgia's 10 largest black markets at the county level will be
Fulton, DeKalb, Richmond, Chatham, Cobb, Muscogee, Bibb, Clayton, Dougherty and
Gwinnett counties.

The University of Georgia's Humphreys said retailers and corporations should not
overlook the strength of the black consumer.

Unfortunately, said Cyrus Daniels, president of Visions USA, an Atlanta
advertising agency, they often do.

"We try to get them to realize that they're leaving money on the table by not
focusing an effort to capture this increasingly growing powerhouse that black
consumers are building," Daniels said.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Buying Power: A graph of black buying power in Georgia in millions,
 showing growth in buying power since 1990 through 1997
 .. Atlanta: 69.2%....Savannah: 60.9%
 .. Augusta: 57.7%....Chattanooga: 57.4%
 .. Macon: 58.5%......Albany: 66.3%
 .. Columbus: 61.6%.. Athens: 77.5%
 Source: The Selig Center for Economic Growth, Terry College of Business,
 The University of Georgia
 PAIGE BRADDOCK / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              422 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 7, 1997, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Georgia's stature rising in black personal income;
Rate of growth since 1990 beats national average

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01F

LENGTH: 454 words


Black buying power in Georgia is expected to reach $ 26 billion this year,
making it among the nation's strongholds of black economic strength, according
to a study by the University of Georgia.

The annual study, conducted by the Selig Center for Economic Growth, is expected
to be released this week and covers 1990 to 1997. The study is often used as a
gauge to determine the economic clout of the African- American community in
Georgia and the rest of the nation.

Black buying power is defined as the total personal income of blacks that is
available, after taxes, to spend on products and services. The study does not
specify how that money is spent.

"There is continued strong growth in black buying power, and that reflects both
the strong demographic push of an expanding black population as well as the
strength of the current business cycle," said Jeffrey M. Humphreys, director of
economic forecasting at UGA.

Against the rest of the country "we compare very well. This tells us that this
is probably the most attractive market in the country in terms of black
consumers, and also a concentrated market."

Humphreys said African-Americans spend one in every six dollars spent in
Georgia.

From 1990 to 1997, black buying power in Georgia is expected to have jumped 69
percent ---making the state the 12th-fastest gainer. That is also ahead of the
national average of 54.2 percent. That figure, however, can be somewhat
misleading.

For example, the state with the highest gain is Idaho, which is expected to show
a 160 percent change during the period. "All the leading states have relatively
small black populations so, statistically, that's very easy to double," he said.


The study also found:

Overall black buying power nationwide is expected to rise 54.2 percent to $ 469
billion in 1997 from $ 304 billion in 1990. States with the highest black buying
power are New York, California, Texas and Illinois.

As expected, black buying power in Georgia is highest in metro Atlanta, where it
is expected to reach $ 13.8 billion in 1997, an increase of 69.2 percent from
1990.

This year, Georgia's 10 largest black markets at the county level will be
Fulton, DeKalb, Richmond, Chatham, Cobb, Muscogee, Bibb, Clayton, Dougherty and
Gwinnett counties.

The University of Georgia's Humphreys said retailers and corporations should not
overlook the strength of the black consumer.

Unfortunately, said Cyrus Daniels, president of Visions USA, an Atlanta
advertising agency, they often do.

"We try to get them to realize that they're leaving money on the table by not
focusing an effort to capture this increasingly growing powerhouse that black
consumers are building," Daniels said.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Buying Power: A graph of black buying power in Georgia in millions,
 showing growth in buying power since 1990 through 1997
 .. Atlanta: 69.2%....Savannah: 60.9%
 .. Augusta: 57.7%....Chattanooga: 57.4%
 .. Macon: 58.5%......Albany: 66.3%
 .. Columbus: 61.6%.. Athens: 77.5%
 Source: The Selig Center for Economic Growth, Terry College of Business,
 The University of Georgia
 PAIGE BRADDOCK / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              423 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 7, 1997, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Georgia's stature rising in black personal income;
Rate of growth since 1990 beats national average

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01F

LENGTH: 454 words


Black buying power in Georgia is expected to reach $ 26 billion this year,
making it among the nation's strongholds of black economic strength, according
to a study by the University of Georgia.

The annual study, conducted by the Selig Center for Economic Growth, is expected
to be released this week and covers 1990 to 1997. The study is often used as a
gauge to determine the economic clout of the African- American community in
Georgia and the rest of the nation.

Black buying power is defined as the total personal income of blacks that is
available, after taxes, to spend on products and services. The study does not
specify how that money is spent.

"There is continued strong growth in black buying power, and that reflects both
the strong demographic push of an expanding black population as well as the
strength of the current business cycle," said Jeffrey M. Humphreys, director of
economic forecasting at UGA.

Against the rest of the country "we compare very well. This tells us that this
is probably the most attractive market in the country in terms of black
consumers, and also a concentrated market."

Humphreys said African-Americans spend one in every six dollars spent in
Georgia.

From 1990 to 1997, black buying power in Georgia is expected to have jumped 69
percent ---making the state the 12th-fastest gainer. That is also ahead of the
national average of 54.2 percent. That figure, however, can be somewhat
misleading.

For example, the state with the highest gain is Idaho, which is expected to show
a 160 percent change during the period. "All the leading states have relatively
small black populations so, statistically, that's very easy to double," he said.


The study also found:

Overall black buying power nationwide is expected to rise 54.2 percent to $ 469
billion in 1997 from $ 304 billion in 1990. States with the highest black buying
power are New York, California, Texas and Illinois.

As expected, black buying power in Georgia is highest in metro Atlanta, where it
is expected to reach $ 13.8 billion in 1997, an increase of 69.2 percent from
1990.

This year, Georgia's 10 largest black markets at the county level will be
Fulton, DeKalb, Richmond, Chatham, Cobb, Muscogee, Bibb, Clayton, Dougherty and
Gwinnett counties.

The University of Georgia's Humphreys said retailers and corporations should not
overlook the strength of the black consumer.

Unfortunately, said Cyrus Daniels, president of Visions USA, an Atlanta
advertising agency, they often do.

"We try to get them to realize that they're leaving money on the table by not
focusing an effort to capture this increasingly growing powerhouse that black
consumers are building," Daniels said.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Buying Power: A graph of black buying power in Georgia in millions,
 showing growth in buying power since 1990 through 1997
 .. Atlanta: 69.2%....Savannah: 60.9%
 .. Augusta: 57.7%....Chattanooga: 57.4%
 .. Macon: 58.5%......Albany: 66.3%
 .. Columbus: 61.6%.. Athens: 77.5%
 Source: The Selig Center for Economic Growth, Terry College of Business,
 The University of Georgia
 PAIGE BRADDOCK / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              424 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 7, 1997, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Georgia's stature rising in black personal income;
Rate of growth since 1990 beats national average

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 01F

LENGTH: 454 words


Black buying power in Georgia is expected to reach $ 26 billion this year,
making it among the nation's strongholds of black economic strength, according
to a study by the University of Georgia.

The annual study, conducted by the Selig Center for Economic Growth, is expected
to be released this week and covers 1990 to 1997. The study is often used as a
gauge to determine the economic clout of the African- American community in
Georgia and the rest of the nation.

Black buying power is defined as the total personal income of blacks that is
available, after taxes, to spend on products and services. The study does not
specify how that money is spent.

"There is continued strong growth in black buying power, and that reflects both
the strong demographic push of an expanding black population as well as the
strength of the current business cycle," said Jeffrey M. Humphreys, director of
economic forecasting at UGA.

Against the rest of the country "we compare very well. This tells us that this
is probably the most attractive market in the country in terms of black
consumers, and also a concentrated market."

Humphreys said African-Americans spend one in every six dollars spent in
Georgia.

From 1990 to 1997, black buying power in Georgia is expected to have jumped 69
percent ---making the state the 12th-fastest gainer. That is also ahead of the
national average of 54.2 percent. That figure, however, can be somewhat
misleading.

For example, the state with the highest gain is Idaho, which is expected to show
a 160 percent change during the period. "All the leading states have relatively
small black populations so, statistically, that's very easy to double," he said.


The study also found:

Overall black buying power nationwide is expected to rise 54.2 percent to $ 469
billion in 1997 from $ 304 billion in 1990. States with the highest black buying
power are New York, California, Texas and Illinois.

As expected, black buying power in Georgia is highest in metro Atlanta, where it
is expected to reach $ 13.8 billion in 1997, an increase of 69.2 percent from
1990.

This year, Georgia's 10 largest black markets at the county level will be
Fulton, DeKalb, Richmond, Chatham, Cobb, Muscogee, Bibb, Clayton, Dougherty and
Gwinnett counties.

The University of Georgia's Humphreys said retailers and corporations should not
overlook the strength of the black consumer.

Unfortunately, said Cyrus Daniels, president of Visions USA, an Atlanta
advertising agency, they often do.

"We try to get them to realize that they're leaving money on the table by not
focusing an effort to capture this increasingly growing powerhouse that black
consumers are building," Daniels said.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Buying Power: A graph of black buying power in Georgia in millions,
 showing growth in buying power since 1990 through 1997
 .. Atlanta: 69.2%....Savannah: 60.9%
 .. Augusta: 57.7%....Chattanooga: 57.4%
 .. Macon: 58.5%......Albany: 66.3%
 .. Columbus: 61.6%.. Athens: 77.5%
 Source: The Selig Center for Economic Growth, Terry College of Business,
 The University of Georgia
 PAIGE BRADDOCK / Staff

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              425 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 2, 1988, Wednesday, City Edition

Poor applications slowing loans to black businesses

BYLINE: GLENN BURKINS

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 424 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - It's been a slow beginning for the Tampa Bay Black Business
Investment Corp., a nonprofit agency created to help nurture    black-owned
businesses in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties.

     The agency was formed last year with $ 1.65-million in loan money    for
black business owners. But so far, after nearly five months of    accepting
applications, the group has approved only one loan, for    $ 35,000.

     The flow of incoming applications has been steady, but only three    have
reached the loan committee, said Carolyn Reed, president of the    investment
company. The problem is that many of the applicants are not    trained in
putting together business proposals.

     "I don't want it to look like we are not doing our job," Reed    said
Tuesday. "The problem is not making loans, it's getting workable    packages in
the door."

     To help solve its dilemma, the investment corporation is endorsing    a
series of business classes sponsored by Hillsborough Community    College.
Similar classes are being proposed for Pinellas County.

     The Hillsborough program, held at the Bay Area Chamber of Commerce,
instructs applicants on putting together business plans and loan    packages. It
also teaches techniques of verbal communication,    purchasing and inventory
control.

     The classes meet once a week - each Monday - for a month. The next
series of classes begins March 7 and costs $ 7.20.

     The investment corporation is an offshoot of the state-sponsored    Black
Business Investment Fund, established with $ 5-million set aside    by the 1985
Legislature. The money was divided among six state regions,    and local banks
provided matching funds.

     Reed said the money is used for low-interest loans and is not given    away
as grants. Interest rates range from the current prime rate to two    points
above prime.

     The one loan approved by the agency went to a Tampa construction    company
that needed working capital. Another loan application was    rejected and a
third was tabled pending additional information.

     Hillsborough County ranks sixth among Florida counties with    black-owned
businesses and Pinellas ranks seventh. In 1982, the latest    year for which
information was available, the two counties had 1,682    black-owned businesses,
mostly small retail and service shops.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              426 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             March 28, 2005 Monday

It's the pasta, stupid

BYLINE: Ralph R. Reiland

LENGTH: 759 words


"The idea is to build an 'AfricaTown,' similar to Little Italy and Chinatown,"
explained Charles Oliver in a recent issue of Reason magazine, referring to the
vote by Detroit City Council to spend $30 million a year in public money to
develop a blacks-only, race-based district of entrepreneurship in downtown
Detroit.

"By a 7-2 vote," reported Oliver, "the council has decreed that only black
businessmen and investors can qualify for the money." The concept of this black
version of Little Italy originated in a $112,000 report commissioned by the
council: "A Powernomics Economic Development Plan for Detroit's Under-Served
Majority Population."

Detroit's population is poor, shrinking and overwhelmingly black. By official
count, 26 percent of the populace is living below the poverty line and 83
percent of the city's population is black. It's this "under-served majority
population," according to the "Powernomics" report, that is being passed up
economically by a mixed bag of nonblack newcomers.

More specifically, the report complains that entrepreneurial immigrants from
Latin America and the Middle East are opening up too many stores and selling too
much of everything to blacks. In doing so, it's alleged that these money
-grubbing greenhorns are stealing jobs and business opportunities from blacks.

The plan is to create a black Little Italy, dubbed AfricaTown, funded in large
part by taxpayers' dollars and made up of black-owned businesses catering to a
black clientele. The analogy to Little Italy, of course, doesn't work. There's
nothing about the proposed development of AfricaTown that bears the least
resemblance to how Little Italy happened.

The Italian immigrants first settled in the Lower East Side of Manhattan in the
1850s, eight decades before the U.S. even had a minimum-wage law (i.e., 25 cents
an hour in 1938) and long before the federal government got in the business of
safety nets. The Italians, in short, came to Mulberry Street for an opportunity,
not a handout.

A 1901 study by Dr. Kate Holladay Claghorn, "The Foreign Immigrant in New York,"
describes the beginning days of Little Italy: "The little handful of Italians
that made up the immigration from Italy in the early decades were mainly a
vagabond but harmless class of organ grinders, ragpickers, bear laders and the
like."

Reported Claghorn: "There was little pauperism among these people, if we may
judge from the relative infrequency of Italian cases appearing in the reports of
private charitable societies. They were a class of people who worked and paid
their rent. They were strict in keeping their agreements. They are considered
very desirable tenants."

The "handful," in short order, grew to "a great army of barbers, bootblacks,
fruiterers and shoemakers," along with "about 400 persons employed in macaroni
factories" and "many Italian watchmakers, bakers, confectioners, keepers of
cafes and ice cream saloons, wine dealers, grocers, dry-goods dealers, and many
in other businesses."

What worked was hard work. Again, as Claghorn recounted: "The Italian fruit
peddler bestows a considerable amount of his inherited racial art sense in
'composing' his wares to form an attractive picture; the Italian barber pays
considerable attention to the attractiveness of his place; the Italian bootblack
is not the little ragged urchin of yesterday with battered box and a shrill
velocity of motion, but a well-kept looking individual anywhere from 15 to 30
years of age, with a regularly established place of business ranging from the
throne-like arm chair and umbrella to the regular shop as well-kept as the
barber's."

Across the board, reported Claghorn, rich or poor in Little Italy, "all classes
are highly industrious, thrifty, and saving" -- the exact formula for upward
mobility and business expansion. "The tradespeople prosper rapidly," she
reported. "The Italian barber enlarges his shop, perhaps finally sells out and
becomes a banker; the fruit peddler buys a little shop, then a bigger one and
may finally become a wealthy importer; and in like manner with other
shopkeepers. The more ambitious and successful move to the suburbs and become
property owners in Long Island City, Flushing, Corona, Astoria, etc."

That's how Italians got rich. It's how America got rich. Or as historian John
Steele Gordon explained it: "If America is famous for its get-up-and-go, it's
because we have ancestors who got up and came."

Little Italy, in short, was successful because the spaghetti was good, not
because someone got a handout from city council.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               August 04, 2000, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Loan money available for businesses

BYLINE: LEONORA LaPETER

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



The next round of Front Porch dollars for neighborhoods south of Tropicana Field
has arrived and it's taking the form of business loans.

The Governor's Revitalization Council of South St. Petersburg, a group of
residents and business owners who live and work in those neighborhoods, learned
Thursday night there would be more than $ 100,000 in loan money available for
starting or expanding businesses in the area.

The Tampa Bay Black Business Investment Corp. just signed a contract with the
state to administer up to $ 100,000 in loans for small businesses in Front Porch
neighborhoods seeking up to $ 15,000. The Florida Black Business Investment
Board has about $ 300,000 to divide between the six Front Porch communities
statewide, providing larger commercial loans of up to $ 50,000.

St. Petersburg's share of that would be about $ 50,000, but an official with the
board said it would take applications on a first-come, first-serve basis because
the money needs to be spent before the Legislature meets next year.

"If the funds are used in a productive way, then we can go back to the
Legislature with the governor's support and get more money," said Gregory L.
Hobbs, executive director of the state organization. "It's not enough money to
do something comprehensive, but it's clearly something that's going to make a
difference."

Hobbs said he already has some candidates for the money, , but nothing is
concrete. Still, he's started looking for potential recipients earlier than the
Department of Juvenile Justice, which distributed a $ 500,000 grant for the
Front Porch community in June.

The state agency left itself just six weeks to find applicants and issue grants,
a rushed process that resulted in questionable decisions and the community
losing $ 142,000 which it was entitled.

The Front Porch program is Gov. Jeb Bush's attempt to revitalize poor city
neighborhoods with resident input. But it has been plagued by government
inefficiency and local infighting.

A struggling Front Porch Council spent more than 2 1/2  hours Thursday night
trying to get through an agenda ranging from a proposed office lease to its
financial report. The meeting was frayed by tension and disagreements over
financial discrepancies and poor communication.

The group couldn't agree on the boundaries of the Front Porch community and
decided to seek advice from Front Porch officials in Tallahassee. The area is
supposed to made up of six neighborhoods,  but some believe there might even be
six more that could come under the umbrella of Front Porch.

"Let's not be about leaving people out when it's about empowering the people,"
said Theresa Jones of the city's Business Development Center, who attended the
meeting at the 20th Street Church of Christ.

Interested?

Anyone interested in getting more information about the $ 15,000 loans available
through the Tampa Bay Black Business Investment Corp. can attend a 4:30 p.m.
Tuesday meeting at the Enoch Davis Center, 1111 18th Ave. S. For information on
the larger commercial loans, call the Florida Black Business Investment Board at
(850) 487-4850.


LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              428 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 6, 1995, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Blacks spending more on travel and computers, less on cars

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 3E

LENGTH: 314 words


Blacks are changing their buying habits, focusing more on items that improve the
quality of their lives, according to a study by a Chicago research firm that
tracks black consumers.

The Buying Power of Black America study looks at what blacks spent in 1994 on
some 450 products and services in 28 categories.

"New cars and new clothes seem to be of less importance than technology and
travel," said Ken Smikle, publisher of Target Market News, which did the study.
"This shows that blacks have money and how they prioritize their expenditures."

The study polled 3,000 households nationwide.

Atlanta is the 12th-largest black consumer market - with $ 2.3 billion spent in
1994 - behind such cities as New York, Chicago and Detroit.

"When you look at the basics, it doesn't matter what the consumer's skin color
is," said Keith Tudor, a marketing professor at Kennesaw State College. "He's
got to have housing and transportation. After those big expenditures, that's
where the differences occur."

General market spending data was unavailable.

Among the study's findings: > Spending for computers and software rose to $ 328
million from $ 205 million a year earlier;

> Blacks spent $ 4.5 billion on travel and lodging, a 36 percent increase;

> Money spent on apparel dropped by 2 percent to $ 19.6 billion.

The study is the second survey on black spending released in the last two weeks.
A University of Georgia study last week said blacks' disposable income
nationwide in 1996 will climb to $ 427 billion, up 40 percent from 1990.

Smikle also noted that from 1992 to 1993, the value of financial assets rose $
1,000 per black household, while white families experienced little change in the
value of their assets.

Despite the increase, Smikle said, black households will lag far behind their
white counterparts in building financial assets.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: The buying power of blacks
Blacks spent more than $ 300 billion nationwide in 1994. Among the top
expenditures of blacks in Atlanta and nationwide:
..............................ATLANTA......... NATIONWIDE
Housing....................$ 675 million.......$ 88.0 billion
Food.......................$ 312 million.......$ 40.7 billion
Apparel....................$ 150 million.......$ 19.6 billion
Entertainment, Leisure......$ 71 million.......$ 10.7 billion
Telephone...................$ 66 million........$ 8.7 billion
TOTAL......................$ 2.3 billion......$ 304.0 billion
Source: Target Market News / Tom Kelley / staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              429 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            February 28, 2003 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Scholarship opens door for B-CC film students

BYLINE: Cindi Brownfield Education Writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 530  words

DATELINE: ORLANDO


Hollywood has Spike Lee and John Singleton. But faces of color are hard to find
among the ranks of filmmakers in Florida.

State leaders have a plan they hope will change that.

Gov. Jeb Bush on Thursday announced a new scholarship program -- in partnership
with the United Negro College Fund -- to encourage black college students to
major in film.

As part of the new program, Bethune-Cookman College will partner with the
University of Central Florida for a new five-year film degree program. Students
will attend B-CC for the first three years, then transfer to UCF -- earning
bachelor's degrees from both schools.

"We have so few minority students involved in filmmaking in Florida," said
Johnson Akinleye, chairman of the Division of Humanities at Bethune- Cookman.
"The idea is to increase that number."

Attracting more minority talent to filmmaking is important, college officials
say, because black directors open doors for black actors, screenwriters and
technical support staff.

The new scholarship program and partnership between Bethune- Cookman and UCF
were announced in Orlando at a United Negro College Fund fund-raiser. B-CC is a
member institution, receiving about $1 million a year from the college fund for
scholarships and operating expenses.

None of the private historically black colleges in Florida have film programs
because they are expensive to operate, Akinleye said. Many B-CC students who are
interested in directing have had trouble getting into highly competitive film
programs such as the one run by UCF, he said.

Most of the 90 or so students majoring in film at UCF are white, and the Film
Department is eager to diversity, said Anthony Major, associate chairman of the
department.

The main barrier, Major said, is a lack of money. African- American families
often have less money for college than their white counterparts, and students in
the film program have to buy expensive supplies and pay for film developing.
That's on top of normal tuition, fees and dormitory expenses.

"We lose out on a lot of good students that way," Major said. "These
scholarships will help students who previously thought these programs were
off-limits to them."

Depending on how much money can be raised, up to three Bethune- Cookman students
a year will be awarded full scholarships, Akinleye said. The scholarships and
B-CC's new program with UCF will begin this fall. Students already majoring in
mass communications at Bethune-Cookman will be eligible to apply.

The first recipients of the new UNCF/Richard E. Norman Scholarship for African
American Cinema will be announced in June at the American Black Film Festival in
Miami Beach, Bush said. Norman, a Jacksonville native, made six feature films to
help establish black cinema in the early 1900s.

The film festival and the Governor's Office of Film & Entertainment are working
with the United Negro College Fund to raise money for the scholarships.

Minority film program partnerships will also be created between Florida State
University and historically black Edward Waters College in Jacksonville, and
between the University of Miami and historically black Florida Memorial College
in Miami.

cindi.brownfield@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2003 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2003 News-Journal Corporation


                              430 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 4, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Middle-Class but Not Feeling Equal, Blacks Reflect on Los Angeles Strife

BYLINE: By ISABEL WILKERSON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1609 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


Every so often, Dr. Delaney Smith will pull out a year-old videotape and relive
the Los Angeles riots on his wide-screen television, watching the flames rise
against the night sky and feeling the rage of his people all over again as the
liquor stores and gas stations burn only blocks from his home.

"It has never left me," Dr. Smith, an internist who specializes in emergency
medicine, said recently. "It brings me back to my roots. I don't ever want to
forget."

For middle-class blacks who are living evidence of the nation's civil rights
gains, the beating of Rodney King and the recent second trial of four white
police officers in the case have been agonizing reminders of how much more has
to change before they are truly accepted as equals.

Interviews with more than 70 well-to-do blacks in Los Angeles and around the
country suggest that blacks did not find the convictions of two of the four
officers a catharsis or a cause for celebration. Rather, they saw those verdicts
as a grudging half step toward justice, a bittersweet culmination of a very
bleak year.

'The Deepest Sadness'

"When I heard the verdicts, I couldn't stop crying," said Dr. Donna Franklin, a
Chicago writer and consultant. "It was crying of the deepest sadness. One piece
of it was release. The other was, 'Will our children ever know the absence of
racism?' "

She and others interviewed said they had lowered their expectations about race
relations over the last year. They told of efforts to stand up to indignities
and said they were rethinking their spending habits, putting money and economic
clout behind other blacks and black-owned businesses.

Despite the whoops and cheers from a black church near the South-Central
district that bore the brunt of the riots, there was no jubilation along
predominantly black Crenshaw Boulevard or in the black middle-class sections of
Leimert Park or Inglewood, all in or near the South-Central area.

"Justice was blind in one eye," said Dr. Richard Williams, a Los Angeles
cardiologist. "Here was a black man who was severely beaten, and they only
convict 50 percent of the people charged with beating him."

Those interviewed in Los Angeles said they had spent the last year trying to
focus the anger they felt toward the officers who beat Mr. King, toward a Simi
Valley jury that had acquitted them of state criminal charges, toward what they
see as unequal treatment for blacks in everyday dealings in a white-dominated
society.

The people who embraced integration in their climb into the middle class are now
talking with bitterness and resignation about separation and solidarity. Last
year's despair, they said, has turned to defiance.

"We have had to look in the mirror of our society," said Steven Lott, an
architect here. "What I see is very ugly."

Citing Toll of Verdict

He and others say they were angered that the officers' guilt in the beating took
two trials, millions of dollars in legal fees, riots, millions more in lost
property and dozens of lives to prove.

"Look at what it took to get this verdict," said Doris Davis, a Los Angeles
teacher, a quaver in her voice.

While others talk of healing, those interviewed talked of doing for themselves
and supporting one another in the way they said the Jews and Asians had done.

Many have turned inward in the last year, transferring money to black-owned
institutions from white-owned banks, seeking out black businesses to repair
their automobiles or buy wall-to-wall carpeting. They have been creating
consortiums and cooperatives to serve the inner city and generally viewing the
country as a more hostile place than they did before the Simi Valley jury
verdict.

"We carry around a rage in us," said Walter Allen, a professor of sociology at
the University of California at Los Angeles, who has written on racial issues.
"We carry the weight of the race and the weight of racism. The Rodney King case
has radicalized black folks that used to be mild-mannered. It has brought people
face to face with the country's racial caste system."

Some are showing solidarity by putting their money where their concerns are.
Since the riots, some black businesses are reporting banner years, with black
customers seeking out the companies to show their support.

"I will drive on fumes to get to a black gas station," said Zna Portlock, a
lawyer who, while recently looking for a new doctor, went down a list of
physicians and called their offices to see which ones were black.

Gerald Hutchinson, owner of an auto-body shop in the Crenshaw District, said the
beating case had done more for business than the few advertisements he used to
buy. "It's a shame to have this happen for people to be more aware," he said,
"but it's paying off."

The three black-owned financial institutions in Los Angeles posted gains in
deposits despite the recession, which slowed growth at some other banks. At
Founders National Bank in South-Central, deposits rose to $75 million from $60
million. The accounts held by black churches tripled to 50 after the riots, said
Carlton Jenkins, the bank's managing director.

Deposits at the black-owned Broadway Federal Savings and Loan rose to $3 million
from $2 million, while those at Family Savings Bank rose to $113 million from
$109 million.

Mr. Lott, the architect, said he had transferred his firm's account to Founders
after nine years at a white-owned bank, which he said had made the company jump
hurdles for routine services like providing a line of credit despite the firm's
good credit rating.

Making Banking Inconvenient

Allysunn Walker, executive director of a youth program here, recently closed her
account at Security Pacific Bank and opened a checking account, savings account
and certificate of deposit at a black institution, Family Savings Bank.

The location of the bank, in the heart of the South-Central district, was not
especially convenient, the rates were no better and, in fact, the switch meant
she had to rearrange her schedule to do her banking in the daytime, when she
feels safer in the neighborhood. But the place is black-owned, they know her by
name and she likes the idea that the money will go for loans to blacks.

"My money is a little money, but it's mine," she said. "I feel like I'm
indirectly helping my people."

Others are showing a new and tentative sense of oneness in other ways. Barbara
Blackman, a librarian, stood in line at a Pasadena beauty-supply shop with her
teen-age daughter Cherika and a half-dozen blacks recently and grew
uncomfortable as she watched an Asian clerk scold a black man trying to make a
return.

"The clerk was yelling and screaming at him," Mrs. Blackman said. "It was very
disrespectful. He had only made the purchase an hour before. Suddenly someone in
line said: 'We don't have to take this. We can take our money somewhere else.' "

The whole line of customers set their shampoo and rollers on the counter and
walked out. "It was a matter of supporting this man," Mrs. Blackman said. "I
said, 'Cherika, let's go.' Society needs to realize that we do have a certain
amount of dignity and pride."

This has not been an ordinary year, as Mrs. Davis, the school teacher here,
found when she was collecting some forms from her fellow teachers. She said she
had asked a white teacher for hers. When the teacher did not have it ready to
turn in, she appeared nervous and agitated and said, "What are you going to do
if I don't get mine in -- burn down my house?"

She said racial fears reached an absurd point one day when her 23-year-old
nephew visited her school in his baggy pants and dreadlocks. When he waved to
her from down the hall, two white co-workers ducked.

"No matter how far we thought we had gotten, we haven't gotten anywhere," she
said, the pain of years of rejection in her voice. "We've tried to become part
of this country. Trying to impress white people is like trying to impress your
daddy. No matter what you do, they still see color first. I say, forget them."

Blacks and the rest of Los Angeles are tensely awaiting the next legal
developments in the case -- the sentencing of the police officers and the trial
of four blacks in the beating of Reginald Denny, a white truck driver, on the
first day of rioting.

Some blacks are already angry at what they see as a double standard, where the
black defendants face higher bail than the white officers and more serious
charges -- attempted murder -- for what they see as a nearly identical beating.
They say they are troubled by the implication that crimes against whites are
considered more serious than those against blacks.

"When they do something to a white man, all of a sudden it matters," Professor
Allen said. "If they do something to a black person, it's fine."

At the core of all this is the sense that no matter how much shampoo or gasoline
they buy from black businesses, there is little they can do about economic and
racial inequities that create privileged white suburbs and desperate minority
ghettos.

"It wasn't us that needed to change," said Wesley Snipes, the actor who lives
just west of Los Angeles. "The change has to come from white America."

Indeed, there is deep frustration that the riots got so much more attention than
the unemployment, poverty, crime, isolation and racism that many believe set the
scene for the turmoil.

"What matters is what led to the rebellion in the first place, and none of that
has been addressed," said Dr. Medria Williams, a black clinical psychologist who
counsels teachers and students in the South-Central district. "The country has
learned nothing from this, and that is the tragedy."

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: After the Los Angeles trials, many blacks are putting money and
economic clout behind other blacks and black-owned businesses. Allysunn Walker,
right, executive director of a youth program in the South-Central district,
recently started banking at a black-owned institution. (Monica Almeida/The New
York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              431 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                              April 3, 2006 Monday

CAPITAL IDEAS;
Analysts on trail of donations to Black say some appear fishy

BYLINE: Mark Schreiner

SECTION: LOCAL/STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 621 words

DATELINE: RALEIGH


You probably don't know him, but if you've ever given big money to a North
Carolina politician, Bob Hall probably knows who you are.

In fact, your name is likely among the hundreds of thousands of campaign finance
records he has sorted and categorized in his computer.

And, if House Speaker Jim Black is brought down by the allegations now swirling
around him, some of the credit will go to Hall, a mustachioed civic watchdog in
his early 60s who has studied religion and driven a New York City taxi.

The Jim Black affair is just his latest project.

Hall, then at the Institute for Southern Studies, basically invented the modern
study of campaign money and politics more than 20 years ago. Then, he mapped the
donors - and their economic interests - to both Democrat Jim Hunt and Republican
Jesse Helms in the 1984 U.S. Senate race.

"It was a huge undertaking, and that was in the days before the Internet," Hall
said. His investigative tools were old-fashioned city directories and the
Library of Congress.

Now, as a campaign finance analyst for Democracy North Carolina, he's pulled the
first threads that threaten to unravel the political world of Black, a Democrat.

He started by looking at the tedious forms campaigns file detailing donations
and expenses.

In 2002, candidates spent $22.4 million trying to win seats in the state House
and Senate, more than three times what they spent a decade earlier.

That money, Hall said, threatens confidence in the legislature. Does money buy
access?

After the 2002 elections, Hall noticed something peculiar on the disclosure
forms for Black's campaign.

There were a number of big donations from people whose occupations were listed
as convenience store employee. They lived in a rural part of the state known
more for peaches than politics.

He called a few of them.

"They said you've got the wrong person; I never made the donation," he said.
"But there it was, the correct name, the correct address."

Hall had another question for them: Know anything about video poker?

That was the connection.

Some had uncles in the business. Others were patrons. At least, it looked like
someone had made donations in the name of another, an improper act. There was
reason to believe that donation limits might have been exceeded.

All told, he found $100,000 in donations related to the video poker industry.

"There were many that were legal," he said. "But there were plenty that seemed
fishy."

Democracy North Carolina filed a complaint with the N.C. State Board of
Elections in June 2004.

State board investigators followed the trail Hall started. It led them to the
campaign of former Rep. Michael Decker, a Republican for Forsyth County. His
defection to the Democrats in 2003 kept Black in power.

Similar handwriting on a number of checks led investigators to find that
partially blank checks from optometrists had moved to Black and then to Decker.

Last month, the state elections board asked the Wake County district attorney to
investigate.

Black maintains he has done nothing illegal, knew nothing of illegal
contributions to his campaign and wants the elections board decisions reviewed.

Meanwhile, Hall continues to pore over campaign data.

His family history inspires his work, he said. His grandfathers were preachers
and missionaries. At college, he studied math and religion.

"I'm using fifth-grade math to make the case that we can have a better
democracy," he said. "I believe we are all equal when we stand in front of the
ballot box; that is an article of faith that is important. It's the cornerstone
of equal rights and self-determination."

See, he said, "I can preach, too."

Mark Schreiner is chief of the Star-News bureau in Raleigh. Reach him at (919)
835-1434 or mark.schreiner@starnewsonline.com.


LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                             August 8, 1993, Sunday

Then and Now: Label swapping

SECTION: COMMENT PAGE; Page 18

LENGTH: 262 words


1963: Berry Gordy's new Motown record label has established itself with a string
of black dance hits. The company would launch Marvin Gaye, Smokey Robinson,
Diana Ross and the Supremes and Stevie Wonder.

''Looking back today, most black Motown veterans remember this period as a
special golden time of laughing, of drinking - and of a warm feeling of
blackness enveloping the company. Berry, however, had already learned a very
valuable lesson about American business: his black enterprise needed whites
inside it to prosper. Because of Berry's skin colour, some may have romanticised
his motives, but only if they misread his message. He was preaching success in
1963, not black success. Part of the Motown mystique has been that it was black
-owned. It was, however, never entirely black- operated.

''First of all, I make the money, it's my money,'' Berry once said to a black
reporter who asked him why he hired whites. ''I do what I want with it. But
black people have shown a lack of understanding of what I'm doing as a general
market businessman. They say 'Why do you hire this white man, or why this or why
that?' Because this white man can do what I've hired him for better than I can
do it.'' ' (Where Did our Love Go?: The Rise and Fall of the Motown Sound, by
Nelson George, Omnibus Press)

August 1993: Dutch record company PolyGram pays $ 301m ( pounds 205m) for
Motown, which Gordy had sold to Boston Ventures and MCA in 1988. However, his
successful Jobete label will get the lion's share of revenues from the use of
Motown's 1960s hits.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1993 Independent Print Ltd


                              433 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                             July 16, 2009 Thursday

Business Digest

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 396  words


Conrad Black loses last bid to get bail

Conrad Black has lost his last attempt to get bail pending a Supreme Court
hearing of his fraud case.

Judge Amy St. Eve, who presided over the original trial in Chicago, denied
Black's bid, saying he failed to establish that a ruling in his favour was
likely to result in reversal of his obstruction of justice conviction.

She says in her decision she also doesn't think that a successful appeal will
lead to a shorter sentence than the amount of time he'll have spent in jail
awaiting appeal.

The Supreme Court has agreed to hear Black's case but denied him bail, sending
the matter down to the lower court.

A jury found Black and three co-defendants guilty of fraud in 2007 after a
four-moth trial, while Black was also found guilty of obstruction of justice.

Investors bail out of money market funds

TORONTO - Investors made a huge shift last month, pulling nearly $3 billion out
of short-term money-market funds and putting about two-thirds as much into
longer-term mutual funds, according to industry statistics released Wednesday.

Overall redemptions of Canadian mutual fund units outweighed sales in June by
$834.7 million, according to the Investment Funds Institute of Canada.

However, sales of long-term funds were $1.97 billion - the highest for the month
of June since 1997.

That was offset by $2.8 billion of net redemptions from money-market funds, IFIC
said Wednesday in its monthly report on its member firms.

Industry assets under management increased in June, ending the month at $547. 1
billion - up from $537.8 billion in May and $507.1 billion at the beginning of
the year.

Compared with June 2008, however, assets under management were down
substantially from $639 billion.

Kodak settles lawsuit by black employees

ROCHESTER, N.Y. - Eastman Kodak Co. has agreed to pay $21.4 million to settle
legal action brought by black workers who claim the photography products maker
discriminated against them.

The deal was given preliminary approval by a U.S. federal judge last month. It
would have the Rochester company pay amounts ranging from $1,000 to $75,000 to
more than 3,000 past and current workers.

Kodak is admitting no wrongdoing and says it agreed to the settlement to avoid
further litigation.

A final approval hearing is scheduled for Sept. 15 in federal court in
Rochester.

Sources: The Canadian Press and The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2009 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             August 28, 1998 Friday
                                  City Edition

Black market in Indian remains driven by collectors -- agents

BYLINE: JODI RAVE, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 527 words


American Indian skeletal remains are being sold on the black market -- with some
items selling for $5,000 or more, say criminal investigators.

"I work a lot of cases under cover," said John Fryar, an investigator with the
Bureau of Indian Affairs. "There have been Native American skulls purchased,
mummified human remains purchased. It's happening all over the country.

"This has probably been one of our busiest reporting years," said Fryar, an
Acoma Indian. "Next week I'll be taking possession of some Indian remains in
Oregon. It's been a long process, but we found out someone had some human
remains from a reservation in Nevada."

In fact, the amount of money involved in archeological resources crimes ranks
only behind drugs and money laundering, according to Interpol, the International
Criminal Police Organization, based in Lyon, France.

Undercover agents say the black market in Indian remains is largely driven by
Indian-enthusiast collectors. Many are willing to pay $5,000 or more for some
items, Fryar said.

"A lot of the collectors seem to have a need to possess what nobody else has,"
he said. "I don't know if it's bragging rights or what."

Ed Grace, a U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service special agent in New York City, said:
"People start collecting things. With some people, it's macabre."

For example, Grace went undercover last April to investigate a man selling
endangered species bones out of a natural history store in Man hattan. He
unexpectedly found Indian bones for sale, too.

Skulls, sacks of bone fragments and a human jaw had price tags stuck to them,
with prices ranging from $150 to $1,400.

William Stevens, the store owner, was sentenced in June for violating a criminal
provision of the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act of 1990.
The maximum sentence for selling Indian bones requires Stevens to spend one year
in jail. He also was ordered to pay repatriation costs to the Seminole Tribe in
Florida, and to the Peoria Tribe in Oklahoma.

"This is a serious issue," Grace said. "We had Native American representatives
come and speak to the judge during the sentencing phase. This is something very
important to them.

"It's important to us, too," he added, noting the difference between Indian and
non-Indian grave protection. "It wasn't until NAGPRA got passed in 1990 that
Indian graves were protected, whereas white graves have been protected for
hundreds of years," he said.

Richard Maniscalco, among the first in the United States prosecuted for
violating NAGPRA's criminal provisions, was convicted about two years ago for
selling American Indian bones from the Little Bighorn battlefield.

Selling Indian bones is a felony, but few law enforcement agents are assigned to
investigate such trafficking, said Donald Sutherland, a BIA federal preservation
officer.

Hester Davis, a state archeologist with the Arkansas Archeological Survey in
Fayetteville, Ark., said, "I think the selling of human remains is relatively
rare. I think people now are nervous because they know there is a law.

"A lot of them are trying to sell what they have. It certainly is not being done
in the open, or certainly not as open as it used to be."

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Examines vandalism: An archaeologist examines vandalism at a major
archaeological site in central Texas. Artifacts taken from American Indian
burial mounds by vandals have sold for hundreds of dollars to buyers in Japan
and Germany. b/w photo, COURTESY AMERICAN INDIAN REPORT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Record (Kitchener-Waterloo, Ontario)

                            December 16, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Black now facing U.S. charges for racketeering, money laundering; If convicted,
fallen media baron could serve up to 95 years in jail

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 728  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


The U.S. Attorney's Office in Chicago upped the ante in its case against Conrad
Black yesterday, dealing out new federal charges including allegations the
former media mogul was involved in racketeering.

The 61-year-old Black was hit with four new charges in total. They collectively
add 55 years to the potential 40-year jail sentence Black was already facing if
convicted on eight counts of fraud.

The new counts are racketeering, obstruction of justice, money laundering and
wire fraud. They stem from Black's time at the helm of Chicago-based newspaper
publisher Hollinger International Inc., owner of the Chicago Sun-Times and
former proprietor of the London Telegraph, Jerusalem Post and other publications
in the United States, Canada and abroad.

Black pleaded not guilty to the eight fraud counts at the beginning of this
month. He is scheduled to appear in a Chicago court this morning to face the
additional charges, which were laid by Patrick Fitzgerald, the U.S. Attorney for
the Northern District of Illinois.

Racketeering charges, under the U.S. Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations Act, known as RICO, are rare, said former U.S. federal prosecutor
Marc Mukasey, who was trained by Fitzgerald.

They were created as a tool to fight traditional organized crime such as the
Mafia and foreign drug cartels.

Under the racketeering count against Black, Fitzgerald is seeking forfeiture of
more than $92 million US from the former press baron.

Fitzgerald alleges that Black was the leader of an enterprise at Hollinger which
between 1998 and 2002 was operated through a pattern of frauds.

"What he's saying is that Black used his company as a racketeering enterprise,''
Mukasey said.

According to the U.S. Attorney's office, the purpose of the Hollinger enterprise
included:

Enriching Black and associates at the expense of Hollinger, its public
shareholders, and Canadian tax authorities.

Promoting and maintaining Black's control over the Hollinger.

Concealing fraudulent activities and proceeds received by Black, his associates
and their entities.

The indictment alleges that Black and his associates arranged for non-compete
fees paid after the sale of Hollinger International newspapers to go to
themselves, rather than the company, and that they made false statements to the
board's audit committee.

In addition, Black and Boultbee stand accused of letting Black abuse perks, such
as using the Hollinger jet to fly for a vacation in Bora Bora and expensing tens
of thousands of dollars for his wife's birthday bash.

The obstruction count against Black, who lives in Toronto, alleges that he
illegally took more than a dozen boxes out of the offices at 10 Toronto Street,
Hollinger Inc.'s then headquarters near the Bay Street financial district in
Toronto.

A Canadian court had ordered that documents not be removed from the building
without permission.

At about 5 p.m. on May 20 -- three hours after his assistant was thwarted in an
attempt to take some boxes and put them in her car -- Black showed up at the
office building and helped remove the boxes, the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

The charges of money laundering and fraud allege that Black illegally
transferred $2.15 million US in fraudulent proceeds from his Canadian account to
Hollinger's Chicago bank account to buy a New York apartment on Park Avenue from
the company.

Yesterday's indictment, which supersedes the earlier charges, also added one new
count of wire fraud to the eight counts that co-defendant and former Hollinger
executive John Boultbee was facing.

The B.C. resident pleaded not guilty to the original eight counts earlier this
month and was released on a $1.5 million bond, the week after Black was freed on
$20 million US bail.

Boultbee and former Hollinger lawyer Mark Kipnis are both also scheduled to
appear in the Chicago federal court today.

Toronto resident Peter Atkinson, another co-defendant, has been excused from
appearing because of a previously scheduled trip to Italy.

All of the defendants are accused of participating in a scheme to divert more
than $80 million US from Hollinger into its executives' pockets.

Meanwhile, David Radler, the 63-year-old former publisher of the Chicago
Sun-Times and chief operating officer of Hollinger International, pled guilty in
September to one count of fraud and has agreed to co-operate in the case against
his former friend and boss.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: CANADIAN PRESS FILE PHOTO , Conrad Black, pictured in Toronto
last month, was hit yesterday with new U.S. federal criminal charges in addition
to fraud counts he's already facing.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 15, 2001 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

STARS LET HULL TEST FREE AGENCY

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Shorts Column; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 802 words


Brett Hull, whose first season in Dallas ended with a Stanley Cup-winning goal,
will be an unrestricted free agent July 1 after the Stars decided not to
exercise a $7 million option for 2001-02.

Hull still could return to the Stars for a fourth season.

"We had a very logical and direct conversation about the situation as it stands,
and the possibility that could unfold in the near future," Stars general manager
Bob Gainey said Thursday. "Our paths could cross again after July 1."

For now, the Stars will pursue other options to find an accomplished goal scorer
younger than Hull, who will become 37 in August.

Among the potential free agents that could fit are Phoenix's Jeremy Roenick, 31,
and Detroit's Martin Lapointe, 27. The Stars were expected to pursue John
LeClair, but he signed a five-year deal Thursday worth about $9 million a year
to stay in Philadelphia.

* Eric Lindros told the Philadelphia Flyers that in addition to Toronto, he will
accept a trade to the Blues, Detroit or Washington, the Philadelphia Inquirer
reported.

The Blues, Detroit and Washington are the same teams Lindros said he would
accept at the trade deadline last season. Detroit and Washington were not
interested. The Blues talked with the Flyers, but a trade could not be completed
by the deadline.

* Two former Blues players have been elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in
Toronto.

Dale Hawerchuk and Craig Patrick, who spent part of their careers in St. Louis,
joined Viacheslav Fetisov, Mike Gartner and Jari Kurri as former NHL greats who
will be inducted Nov. 12. Patrick was selected for his contributions in coaching
and management.

BASKETBALL

Cavaliers reportedly tab Lucas for coach

Denver Nuggets assistant John Lucas has been offered the head coaching job with
the Cleveland Cavaliers, an NBA management source told The Associated Press.

Lucas also is reported to be a finalist for Portland's coaching vacancy.

* The Kentucky Supreme Court ended the brief playing career of Louisville center
Muhammed Lasege on Thursday by setting aside an injunction that had held the
NCAA at bay. By a 4-3 margin, the justices said a lower court abused its
discretion in issuing an injunction that allowed Lasege, a recruit from Nigeria,
to play for the Cardinals.

Lasege signed with Louisville in 1999 but sat out the subsequent season while
awaiting word from the NCAA on his eligibility. Before going to Louisville,
Lasege played briefly with a professional team in Russia but claimed the "pro"
experience was 13 games for a junior club team and that he played for room and
board, not money.

* Sam Clancy, Southern California's leading scorer and rebounder last season,
has withdrawn his name from the NBA draft and will return to the Trojans for his
senior season.

* Astou Ndiaye-Diatta scored 20 points and the WNBA's Detroit Shock set a team
record from the free throw line in a 80-65 victory over the visiting Washington
Mystics.

Detroit (2-3) hit its first 18 free throws before Edwina Brown missed in the
final two minutes.

* Natalie Williams had 25 points and 12 rebounds as the visiting Utah Starzz
beat the Charlotte Sting 73-59.

* Sports agent William "Tank" Black was sentenced to nearly seven years in
prison on a money-laundering charge, becoming the second man sent to prison in
the federal case in two days.

U.S. District Chief Judge Lawrence Zatkoff ruled that Black's six-year, 10-month
sentence would be followed by three years of supervised probation. Black, 44, of
Columbia, S.C., also was fined $15,000.

Black still faces Florida charges that he bilked millions of dollars from about
a dozen pro football players.

On Wednesday, Zatkoff sentenced former Black associate James Albert Franklin,
also of Columbia, to 32 months behind bars, two years of post-prison probation,
and $10,000 in fines. Franklin had been the general counsel at Black's South
Carolina-based Professional Management Inc.

MISCELLANEOUS

Safin stumbles in Wimbledon warm-up

Top-seeded Marat Safin was beaten 4-6, 6-4, 7-6 (8) by Peter Wessels at the
Stella Artois grass-court championship in London.

Rain twice interrupted Pete Sampras' third-round match against Jan Siemerink of
the Netherlands. Sampras was leading 2-1 on serve when play was postponed until
today.

* Mark Philippoussis, Richard Krajicek and Mary Pierce have withdrawn from
Wimbledon with injuries.

* Top-ranked doubles player Corina Morariu was released Thursday from the
hospital in Miami where she was being treated for leukemia.

* British 400-meter runner Mark Richardson, who was banned for two years after a
positive test for nandrolone, was reinstated by track and field's world
governing body.

* The Washington Redskins agreed to a one-year, $1.1 million deal with offensive
lineman Ben Coleman.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - Brett Hull might be back in
Dallas if the Stars don't find a replacement.; (2) Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS
- Eric Lindros reportedly told the Flyers that again he is willing to be traded
to the Blues.

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              437 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

$76 million in civil penalties ordered against West Jefferson man and
co-conspirators

BYLINE: Hannah Myers, Jefferson Post, West Jefferson, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 562 words


Aug. 04--ASHE COUNTY -- Keith Simmons of West Jefferson, who was sentenced to 50
years in prison in connection with a $40 million Ponzi scheme, was recently
ordered by a federal judge to help pay $76 million in civil penalties.

Simmons was the owner of Black Diamond Capital Solutions, LLC and High South
Realty in Jefferson and reportedly solicited and accepted approximately $40
million from more than 400 victims nationwide, including Ashe County, from April
2007 through Sept. 2009.

Simmons was convicted of one count of wire fraud, one count of securities fraud
and two counts of money laundering in 2010 and was ordered to pay more than $35
million in criminal restitution as well as forfeit property, a vehicle, funds
obtained from the sale of real estate and funds obtained from the sale of shares
of ultimate fighting companies. He was sentenced to 50 years in prison in 2012.

"A 50-year sentence is an enormous sentence, but there seems to be no other
sentence...that would accomplish justice in this case," Judge Robert Conrad said
during the 2012 sentencing.

Simmon's co-conspirator Deanna Salazar of Yucca Valley California was convicted
on charges of fraud conspiracy and tax evasion. She was sentenced to 4.5 years
in Dec. 2010 and ordered to pay $5 million in criminal restitution.

On Friday, July 31, the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC)
announced that Judge Robert J. Conrad, Jr. of the U.S. District Court for the
Western District of North Carolina entered separate Consent Orders against
Simmons and his company, Black Diamond Capital Solutions, LLC and Deanna Salazar
and her companies, Life Plus Group, LLC and Black Diamond Holdings, LLC.

The Orders find that Simmons, Salazar and their companies fraudulently solicited
and accepted millions from their victims, telling them he was putting their
money in a foreign currency trading program (off-exchange forex) known as Black
Diamond. It was found that the trading program didn't exist and Simmons and
Salazar misappropriated millions of dollars of customer funds.

According to filed court documents, the defendants operated "hedge funds" as
part of the Black Diamond Ponzi scheme, and in doing so, lied to get money from
their victims by claiming, among other things, that they had done due diligence
on Black Diamond and were operating legitimate hedge funds with significant
safeguards when, in reality, neither claim was true.

According to filed documents and court proceedings, when Black Diamond began
collapsing, the defendants and others created a new Ponzi scheme and with a
separate Ponzi account. Thereafter, new victim money was deposited into the
Ponzi account and used to make Ponzi payments to other victims and to fund the
defendants' lifestyles.

According to CFTC, Bryan Coats of Clayton, North Carolina and his company,
Genesis Wealth Management, LLC, and Jonathan Davey of Newark, Ohio and his
companies, Divine Circulation Services, LLC, Divine Stewardship, LLC, Safe
Harbor Ventures, Inc., Safe Harbor Wealth Investments, Inc., and Safe Harbor
Wealth, Inc. were also charged.

The CFTC's litigation against these Defendants is ongoing.

Hannah Myers can be reached at 336-846-7164 or on Twitter @cmedia_hmyers.

___ (c)2015 the Jefferson Post (West Jefferson, N.C.) Visit the Jefferson Post
(West Jefferson, N.C.) at www.jeffersonpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150804-1WJ-76-million-in-civil-penalties-ordered-against-West-Jefferson-man-an
d-co-conspirators-0804-20150804

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1WJ


                         Copyright 2015 Jefferson Post


                              438 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           December 11, 2007 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Conrad Black gets 6 1/2-year prison term;
Media mogul also to forfeit $6.1 million in fraud case

BYLINE: Greg Farrell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 467 words


Conrad Black, the international press baron who gave up his Canadian citizenship
to become a British Lord, will soon have a new identity: prison inmate.

The former CEO of Hollinger International was convicted in July of diverting
$6.1 million of company funds to himself and members of his inner circle. On
Monday, he was sentenced by a federal judge in Chicago to six-and-a-half years
in prison,  fined $125,000 and ordered to forfeit $6.1 million.

The sentence, to begin in March, was at the low end of guidelines for the
charges, but relatively severe given the amount of money involved. Bernie
Ebbers, the ex-WorldCom CEO who was convicted in an $11 billion accounting
fraud, is serving 25 years in prison; former Enron CEO Jeff Skilling, convicted
of misrepresenting his company's true financial condition, is serving a 24-year
sentence.

For Black -- who at the height of his powers controlled The Daily Telegraph of
London, The Chicago Sun-Times and The Jerusalem Post -- the prison sentence
culminates a spectacular fall from grace. Known in Britain as Lord Black of
Crossharbour, the jet-setting newspaper executive served in Britain's House of
Lords and befriended leaders such as Margaret Thatcher, Ronald Reagan and
Richard Nixon. At Hollinger, his board of directors included Henry Kissinger and
former defense policy adviser Richard Perle.

"He did what he did, not for some justification of making his company better,
but to enrich Conrad Black," says Jack Coffee, an expert in securities law at
Columbia University. "This is a soap opera about a very arrogant man who reached
over the head of his board of directors."

Now Black's the latest CEO being sent to jail in the Justice Department's war on
corporate crime. But unlike WorldCom and Enron, companies that collapsed, the
Black case more closely resembles the criminal case against Dennis Kozlowski,
former CEO of Tyco, says Samuel Buell, a former federal prosecutor who teaches
at Washington University in St. Louis.

Kozlowski was convicted in 2005 of looting his company of hundreds of millions
of dollars. He was given a sentence of eight-and-a-half to 25 years.

Mark Zauderer, a white-collar criminal defense lawyer in Manhattan, says that in
a personal way Black's case is similar to those of Ebbers, Kozlowski and others,
even if the amount of money was less.

"There is a key protagonist, the CEO, who is found guilty of misusing corporate
power for private gain, and took unusual risks, perhaps having lost
perspective," says Zauderer. "If you're a very successful and highly compensated
CEO in the middle of your life, the two things you should care most about are
your good health and your freedom. With Tyco and this and Bernie Ebbers, you
have very wealthy principals taking extraordinary risks."

Black plans to appeal his conviction.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Tom Hanson, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 26, 1989, Monday, City Edition

Blacks seeking Super share

BYLINE: ROBERT SAMEK

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 970 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - Don't talk to Alyce Brown about the economic impact of a    Super Bowl.

     In January 1984, Brown was among 20 minority small-business owners    who
expected to share in an $ 87-million bonanza from the Super Bowl,    pro
football's championship game, which was being played at Tampa    Stadium.

     Brown and the other business owners, most of them struggling to    survive,
pooled their resources for a Super Bowl weekend festival at    Macfarlane Park.
They erected a giant tent and set up booths. Brown,    who owned a restaurant,
bought hundreds of dollars of food. They sat    back and waited for the crowds,
and dollars, to pour in.

     It never happened. Instead, only a few visitors came by. Brown said    she
lost several thousand dollars that weekend and, ultimately, her    entire
business.

     "With all of the money coming into the city, none of us got any of    it,"
Mrs. Brown said. "It was a disappointment."

     In January 1991, the Super Bowl will return to Tampa. But this    time, a
number of black activists want to make sure that Tampa's    minority population
gets a better share of the Super Bowl profits.

     Although the Super Bowl won't be played here for another 19 months,
planning is well under way. Last week, a group led by the Rev. Abraham    Brown
met to discuss how blacks can benefit from Super Bowl    opportunities.

     "My job is to coordinate the black community so that this time the    black
community will be involved in the festival of the Super Bowl and    to make it
possible for businessmen, individuals and groups to become    part of the profit
of the Super Bowl," Brown said.

     Those profits could be substantial. The Tampa Bay Super Bowl Task    Force,
which is responsible for providing hotel rooms, transportation    and other
services for the game, estimates an economic impact of    $ 150-million.

     "A lot of money is going to be spent in this town," Brown said.

     The question is, how much of that money will be pocketed by    minority
businesses?

     Brown said he will help black businesses and individuals identify    money
-making opportunities, acting as a liaison between those who need    the goods
and services and those who can provide them. For example, he    said caterers
will be in great demand.

     In 1984, part of the problem was that Tampa had never played host    for a
Super Bowl, he explained. No one really knew what to expect, and    when
shortcomings were discovered, particularly the lack of    participation among
blacks, it was too late to correct them.

     "Perhaps it was an oversight on my part," said Brown, who coached    high
school football for 23 years. "I was happy, the fact that Tampa    had a Super
Bowl."

     But others did not share his joy.

     Mrs. Brown, who is not related to the minister, said she and the    other
business people planned the Macfarlane Park festival for months.

 She said the Super Bowl committee did little to promote or boost the    event.
As a result, few out-of-town visitors showed up.

     "It was a disgrace," said Robert Gilder, one of Tampa's veteran    black
activists. "They got some black businesses and put them in a    little corner of
a park."

     Corene Collins, a member of the task force, said the event could    have
succeeded had it been more accessible to those attending the game.

 The park, while not far from the stadium, is removed from the main
thoroughfares leading to Tampa Stadium.

     "Accessibility is very important," she said. "People aren't    going to be
out there hunting."

     Collins said one reason blacks failed to benefit from the 1984    Super
Bowl was few blacks were involved in the planning process.

     "I don't think it was unintentional," she said.

     Another reason, Collins said, was the limited number of black    businesses
that were available to provide services during the Super    Bowl.

     "If black businesses are going to benefit from dollars coming in    because
of the Super Bowl, then black businesses will need to be in a    position to
provide those services," Collins said.

     Walter Baldwin, chairman of the Super Bowl Task Force, said he    appointed
Brown to lead the community relations committee because of    complaints about
the lack of black involvement in the 1984 Super Bowl.

     "They're right in the front-line trenches this time," Baldwin    said. "We
will let them decide what they want to do, how they want to    do it and where
they want to do it."

     Although some black activists are pleased by the level of their
involvement, others believe they weren't included soon enough.

     Henry Carley, president of the Tampa NAACP, complained that black    people
were excluded when Tampa prepared its bid to be the Super Bowl    host. Carley
said he would have asked that hotels and restaurants,    which will profit the
most from Super Bowl visitors, hire more blacks.

     Gilder agreed that few blacks are employed in the industries that    make
the most money from Super Bowls.

     "I will give you $ 100 if you can find any black waitress working    in an
integrated restaurant," Gilder said. "I can say about the same    thing for desk
clerks."

     Gilder said the problem that blacks face goes beyond economic
opportunities during the Super Bowl. Blacks need jobs that will last    beyond
the Super Bowl.

     "People just don't need to make money one weekend every 20    years," he
said.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (5); REV. ABRAHAM BROWN; CORENE COLLINS; ROBERT
GILDER; HENRY CARLEY; WALTER BALDWIN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              440 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Post-Bulletin (Rochester, Minnesota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Fundraiser 'is something we could do' to fight racism

BYLINE: Jeff Kiger, Post-Bulletin, Rochester, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 368 words


Sept. 14--Dozens of people of various faiths gathered Sunday in Rochester to
combat the flames of racism.

"It's time to take a stand," said the Rev. Paul Bauch, of Peace United Church of
Christ.

The northeast Rochester church was host to "Respond with Love: Rebuild Black
Churches," an event to raise money for six black churches that burned earlier
this summer. While the exact causes of all the blazes have not be determined,
they happened in the days following a racially motivated June 17 shooting at a
prominent black church in Charleston, S.C., that left nine black Americans dead.

A group of friends in Southeast Minnesota were struck by how the shooting and
fires showed that racist violence is still a problem in the U.S.

"We were so shocked and horrified by it all," said organizer April Horne, of
Eyota. "We decided this is something we could do -- raise money for the
churches."

The event ended up at Peace United Church, partially because it offered a
suitable outdoor venue and it had already planned to set up stages for a Sunday
morning church event.

"We're a church that takes everything on. We're very involved with social
justice," Bauch said. "The church burning really hit home. It made it personal
for us."

He stressed that a large group of people of from many religious faiths and
backgrounds came together to pull the event together.

Horne's church, Faith United Methodist Church of Eyota, filled tables with baked
goods for sale. A prominent Twin Cities poet, Mary Moore Easter, moved the crowd
with emotional poems about the Charleston shootings. W.C. Jordan, Jr., president
of the Rochester Branch of the NAACP, spoke of how acts of violence pull the
curtain back on systemic racism in the U.S. and showed why the NAACP is still
needed.

Three local bands -- the Reunion Band, KnuFunK and Uptown Jazz -- donated their
time to entertain at the fundraiser. Four food trucks served up goodies to the
crowd and donated a portion of their profits to the cause. Others hosted games
and crafts for children, including a dunk tank.

"This truly is a community effort," Horne said.

___ (c)2015 the Post-Bulletin Visit the Post-Bulletin at www.postbulletin.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150914-RC-Fundraiser-is-something-we-could-do-to-fight-racism-0914-20150914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RC


                          Copyright 2015 Post-Bulletin


                              441 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 14, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Rights Group Urges Delay For Whitman

BYLINE: By JERRY GRAY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Page 37; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1191 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Nov. 13


Staking a markedly different position than have a number of black ministers and
some noted civil rights leaders, the New Jersey Chapter of the N.A.A.C.P. urged
Gov.-elect Christine Todd Whitman today not to take office until investigations
clear her of allegations that Republicans spent $500,000 to suppress the urban
black vote.

"There is no peace between the clergy of this state and Mrs. Whitman," the Rev.
Calvin McKinney, the first vice-president of the General Baptist State
Convention of New Jersey, said at a news conference called by the N.A.A.C.P. "We
expect her to respond to and follow the recommendations of the N.A.A.C.P."

Mrs. Whitman's chief spokesman, Carl Golden, said tonight: "Nothing has arisen
that would prevent Mrs. Whitman from taking office. We expect the inauguration
to proceed as planned on Jan. 18."

Trying to quash the controversy, Mrs. Whitman's campaign and the Republican
State Committee today released the campaign's financial reports through Election
Day. The reports showed that together they spent nearly $48,000 in so-called
"street money" on Election Day with most of it dispersed in payments of $50
apiece to scores of poll watchers, $20 each to workers to get out the vote and
miscellaneous expenses for transportation and lunches.

Most of the money, the records showed, was spent in Essex and Hudson counties,
where scores of poll workers were paid between $30 and $240apiece; most got $50
for the day's work. Dozens of workers hired to get out the vote received between
$15 and $40. Of the street money on the list, $2,875 was paid to a supervisor,
Mark Campbell of Jersey City, to be disbursed among the "challengers," poll
watchers who monitor voter eligibility at polling places.

The release of the report did not put to rest questions that have dogged Mrs.
Whitman since Tuesday, when her campaign manager, Edward J. Rollins Jr., said
workers had used the street money to suppress the black vote in urban areas. The
matter put Ms. Whitman to the test just one week after she narrowly won
election, and today's call by the N.A.A.C.P. was a clear sign that to some, the
legitimacy of her victory was in question.

Mrs. Whitman has steadfastly denied that payoffs were made to suppress the black
vote. On Friday she met with the Rev. Jesse Jackson and the Rev. Al Sharpton in
an effort to quell black anger over Mr. Rollins's assertion, and the two
ministers had kinds words for the Governor-elect after she pledged a full
investigation.

Despite their public show of support, Mrs. Whitman is facing a politically
daunting task because of the position taken by the N.A.A.C.P. and by Mr.
McKinney, whose General Baptist State Convention is the largest black church
organization in New Jersey, with 700 churches.

Short of the jabs at Mrs. Whitman by the Democratic State Committee, which has
filed a lawsuit asking that the outcome of the gubernatorial election be
invalidated and that a new election be ordered, the N.A.A.C.P. has taken the
harshest position yet against the Governor-elect.

"With this election cloud hanging over New Jersey, the State Conference of the
N.A.A.C.P. urges Christine Todd Whitman not to accept election certification
until her name is clear of this alleged black vote suppression issue," said
Elaine C. Harrington, president of the State N.A.A.C.P.

Neither she nor the N.A.A.C.P., she said, had any knowledge that anyone was paid
to discourage black voters.

At the news conference, which was held in Paterson at the Seminary Baptist
Church, Ms. Harrington said she had spoken to Mrs. Whitman in recent days about
the controversy and the N.A.A.C.P.'s position.

Cloud Over the State

"She reiterated to me that it didn't happen," Ms. Harrington said. "I impressed
upon her that a cloud was hanging not just over her, but over the entire state.
I urged her to get to the root of why Rollins would come out with a public
statement of this nature. And she said she would be willing to work with us to
get to the root of this."

Mrs. Whitman released her financial report today nine days before she was
required to by law. The Republican State Committee's release of its records came
a full two months before its Jan. 15 reporting date.

"We did it to convince those who still remain to be convinced that absolutely
nothing happened," said Mr. Golden, her chief spokesman. "Nothing in those
reports provide even the remotest support to the allegations that have been
made." Mr. Golden gave out the reports without explanation, but said that they
included about $48,000 in "street money" from the Republican State Committee.
Ms. Whitman's campaign reimbursed the party $11,200 of that amount.

The reports that were released today did not include all the funds that were
circulated by or for the Republicans on Election Day. County committees control
their own funds, as do the Republican majorities in the Senate and the Assembly.

Mrs. Whitman was not present today at the news conference where the records were
released, and Mr. Golden turned aside all questions.

Apology Comes Too Late

In one of the closest gubernatorial races in New Jersey's history, Mrs. Whitman
defeated the incumbent, Gov. Jim Florio, a Democrat, by about 30,000 votes out
of nearly 2.5 million cast. The tally for Mr. Florio in urban areas averaged
20,000 votes below the numbers he received four years ago when he won his first
term.

Mr. Rollins said that contributions were made to the "favorite charities" of
ministers who agreed not to press the Governor's cause from the pulpit and that
Democratic Party workers were paid to sit out Election Day. A day later, under
intense pressure from an incensed Mrs. Whitman, he recanted and issued an
apology, but too late to cap the controversy.

Federal and state officials have already begun investigating Mr. Rollins's
initial claims and the New Jersey Election Law Enforcement Commission has said
it will hold a separate investigation into how street money was spent in the
campaigns.

In Paterson, Democratic officials said the party had difficulty recruiting
workers to go door-to-door and urge people to vote on Election Day in the city's
predominantly black First and Fourth Wards.

'Wanted More Money'

"It was harder to get the people we usually get," said Paterson's Mayor, William
J. Pascrell Jr., who is also a State Assemblyman.

Nancy Grier, a party field worker in charge of the recruiting drive in the two
wards, said she had a budget for 119 workers this year but was able to round up
only 50. The party offered supervisors $35 and field workers $25 for four hours
of get-out-the-vote canvassing on Election Day, she said.

Ms. Grier said some who refused to work this year complained they received $60
to work on Nov. 3, 1992, when President Clinton was elected.

"They just wanted more money," Ms. Grier said. "People came to me and said other
field workers were getting $75 and $200. Nobody ever told me they were getting
money from Republicans. They just said 'I know where I can get more money from.'
I honestly believe there was money out there, but I can't pinpoint who was
giving it out."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The New Jersey chapter of the N.A.A.C.P. held a news conference
at the Seminary Baptist Church in Paterson, N.J., calling on Governor-elect
Christine Todd Whitman to delay taking office until investigations are completed
into allegations that Republicans spent $500,000 to suppress the urban black
vote. The Rev. Alfred Steele explained their position. (Jim Estrin/The New York
Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              442 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 April 26, 1997

PRIDE AND PREJUDICE: SOUTHERN DISCOMFORT

BYLINE: Alexander Chancellor

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN WEEKEND PAGE; Pg. T7

LENGTH: 1760 words


You probably think that the most important people in Nashville, Tennessee, are
country music people. But you are wrong. The most important people in Nashville
are the people who live in the grand mansions of Belle Meade, a leafy paradise
which would be called an 'exclusive suburb' if it didn't happen to be
eccentrically situated right in the heart of the city. The people in Belle Meade
are very rich. Most of them are much richer than any of the country music
millionaires. And their money is old money, so old that some of them cannot even
remember where it came from. This is known as being 'rich for ever'.

Their two main preoccupations are spending money and being exclusive. Their
houses contain large quantities of excellent china and silver, most of which is
kept on display. The women possess jewellery so spectacular that it wouldn't
look out of place in the Tower of London. They travel a great deal, sometimes on
shopping trips to New York or London, sometimes on exotic holidays. Britain is a
favourite destination, and within Britain, the Cotswolds. I suspect they have a
feeling that dear little Britain is in itself as exclusive as the Belle Meade
Country Club.  This is probably because Britain - the way they experience it, at
any rate - is fantastically expensive, even if it doesn't quite cost half a
million dollars to join, as the Country Club does.

Their yearning for exclusivity climaxes each year in the Swan Ball, the most
lavish and most revered social event of the South. This is a charity ball
started in 1963 to raise money for the art collection and botanical garden of a
Belle Meade mansion called Cheekwood, which was donated to the city by its
former owners, the Cheeks. But the importance of Cheekwood and its uninspiring
art collection is massively overshadowed by the importance of the ball itself,
of which the New York Times accurately wrote this week: 'It is hard to overstate
what the Swan Ball means to Nashville society.' Every year one Nashville woman
is selected to be chairman of the ball. This is usually the most important
moment in her life, after which she will be able to die happy and fulfilled.
This year's chairman was a nice and enthusiastic lady called Carol Sergent who,
despite the different spelling of her name, claims a family connection to the
painter, John Singer Sargent. Every Swan Ball chairman does her best to leave
her mark on Nashville society history, but none has ever succeeded as well as
Mrs Sergent has. For she took a momentous decision which will remain the talk of
Nashville for years to come: she invited a substantial number of black people.

There is some disagreement about how historic this decision was. Mrs Sergent
herself claims that blacks have never been excluded from the Swan Ball, but
nobody can remember more than one or two token blacks ever attending it in the
past. Last Saturday, by contrast, there were about 30 blacks among the 900
guests - a small but visible presence. It was sufficient to attract the
attention of the mighty New York Times, which sent a reporter to the ball and
published his account of it under the headline 'Diversity Makes A Debut At
High-Society Party'.

Nashville is whiter than many southern cities, with blacks forming only 23 per
cent of its population. But they include some of its most prominent citizens,
among them doctors, professors and college presidents. According to Mrs Sergent,
black community leaders have been invited to the Swan Ball in the past but have
usually declined. This time the invitations were followed up by telephone calls
begging them to attend, and quite a few did.

It was good of them to come, for attendance at the Swan Ball is no light
undertaking. It costs $ 500 per person, and male guests have to get themselves
kitted out in white tie and tails. Given that the vast majority of Swan Ball
guests are rich whites who have little regular contact with blacks except as
servants, one wouldn't expect blacks to feel particularly comfortable there. But
they received a lot of polite attention and seemed to be pleased about that.

Some white guests were privately questioning the wisdom of this calculated
integration, but only one went on the record. This was the husband of the ball's
founder, a 90-year old former American ambassador, who told the New York Times
reporter: 'I'm not against it, but I just don't see any particular point in it.
With only a few of them (blacks) here, I would think they would feel they're at
the wrong place. I'd feel at the wrong place at their parties.' Nevertheless,
the reporter concluded in his article that the presence of a handful of blacks
at this year's Swan Ball represented 'another halting step on the road to a new
South'. He might have found it harder to arrive at that meaningless conclusion
if he had attended one or two of the other social events which took place in
Nashville during the run-up to the Swan Ball. The night before the ball there
was a black-tie 'dinner dance' in honour of the chairman, at which all the
guests were white and all the waiters black.

This racial pattern was repeated next day at 'The Swan Ball Luncheon', with the
small difference that one of the waiters was white and came from Bury in
Lancashire. This dainty luncheon (la soupe de carottes et noix en croute,
artichauts avec salade de crevettes, Charlotte Russe au Citron) was held al
fresco at Hunters Hill, a neo-gothic baronial castle belonging to the extremely
'for ever rich' Mr Harold Henry Stream III, known to his friends as Spook Stream
because he was born on Hallowe'en.

Present there, as everywhere else, was a reporter and female photographer from
the society magazine Town And Country who spookily reminded me of Frank Sinatra
and Celeste Holm in those roles in the film High Society - the main difference
being that the Town And Country reporter was treated with ridiculous deference
by the Nashville toffs and looked, unlike Frank Sinatra, as if he would have no
objection to being a millionaire. I thought no journalist could ever have been
so fawned over until I witnessed the treatment meted out to the New York Times
reporter, who was almost subjected to sexual abuse. It is strange how people can
pursue both exclusivity and publicity with equal fervour.

It was a swell party all right, and - in the self-congratulatory words of the
Swan Ball programme - 'a magical time' for everyone (except, that is, for some
hundreds of rich white Tennesseeans bristling at home with indignation that
blacks had been invited and they had not). Also missing were any of the
aristocrats listed as members of the ball's International Committee, such as the
Duchess of Marlborough and the Countess of Wilton (not to mention HRH Princess
Maria Pia de Savoie and HH the Rajmata of Jaipur).

A lot of money must have been raised for Cheekwood from the proceeds of an
auction which was held after the sit-down dinner for 900 people in a vast
marquee on the lawn. I thought of bidding for a private aeroplane which seemed
very reasonably priced at $ 22,000, but this then turned out to be the price,
not of the plane itself, but of a single flight in it. Well, did you evah?

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              443 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 9, 2013 Saturday

SWAT team arrests suspect in Salt Lake City taxi robberies

BYLINE: By Brooke Adams The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 460 words


Police on Friday night arrested, again, the man suspected of robbing six Salt
Lake City taxi drivers last month.

A SWAT team from Saratoga Springs, with help from the Salt Lake Gang Unit,
arrested the suspect after learning he was at a home in the community. Officers
received a search warrant to enter the home from a 3rd District Court judge. The
25-year-old man was taken into custody without incident, according to Saratoga
Springs police.

He faces six counts of aggravated robbery, a first-degree felony. His bail is
set at $125,000.

According to a probable cause statement, a man dressed in black and wearing a
black mask allegedly held up a taxi cab driver at 10:33 p.m. on Oct. 18. The man
allegedly opened the taxi's passenger door and pointed a black handgun at the
driver, telling him "don't move and give me all the money." The driver tossed
cash at the man, who gathered up the money and fled.

Fifteen minutes later, another cab driver reported that as he arrived to pick up
a fare a man wearing dark clothing with a black scarf over his face opened the
passenger door, flashed a handgun and demanded his cash. The man ran away after
getting the money.

At 11:07 p.m., a third taxi cab driver contacted police and said a man dressed
in black with a scarf over his face approached the cab and demanded to be let
in. The driver took off after the man pulled a handgun from his waistband. A
fourth taxi cab driver called police 20 minutes later and reported being robbed
by a man wearing a mask and armed with a handgun.

Just before midnight, a fifth taxi cab driver contacted police and reported a
male passenger had pointed a handgun at him and demanded his money. The
passenger jumped out of the taxi after the driver said he'd pushed his emergency
button and police were on their way.

A sixth taxi cab driver contacted police at 1:23 a.m. on Oct. 19 and said a male
with a black mask partially covering his face had opened his passenger door,
pointed a handgun at him and demanded money. The driver took off without handing
over his cash.

Shortly after that, Salt Lake police pulled over a vehicle on a tail light
violation that had been observed trailing a taxi cab. The driver wore clothing
that fit the description of the robbery suspect. Officers found a black baseball
hat, dark scarf and dark jacket in the backseat of the vehicle and a Glock 17
handgun and several hundred dollars of cash in the center console. Several
victims later stopped at the scene and were able to identify the driver as the
man who allegedly robbed or attempted to rob them.

The man, who had an outstanding arrest warrant, was booked into the Salt Lake
County Jail but was released Oct. 24. An arrest warrant was issued for him a day
later.

brooke@sltrib.com

Twitter: Brooke4Trib

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           September 18, 2015 Friday

FBI Requests Public's Assistance Identifying and Locating Serial Bank Robbery
Suspect

LENGTH: 251  words


Special Agent in Charge (SAC) J. Britt Johnson requests the public's assistance
with regard to a series of armed bank robberies in the metro Atlanta area.

On August 12, 2015, at approximately 12:38 p.m., a lone black male entered the
Wells Fargo Bank branch located at 1120 Fairburn Road in Atlanta, Georgia, and
presented a demand note to the teller. The robber obtained an undisclosed amount
of money and departed the bank without further incident.

On same date, August 12, 2015, at approximately 4:21 p.m., a lone black male
entered the Best Bank branch located at 4875 Floyd Road in Mableton, Georgia,
and brandished a handgun while demanding money from a bank teller. After
obtaining an undisclosed amount of money, the robber departed the bank without
further incident.

On August 20, 2015, at approximately 7:03 p.m., a lone black male entered the
Publix grocery store located at 2035 Mt. Zion Road in Morrow, Georgia, and
displayed a handgun to a cashier while demanding money.

On August 27, 2015, at approximately 7:07 p.m., a lone black male entered the
Kroger grocery store at 3959 Lavista Road in Tucker, Georgia, and displayed a
weapon to a cashier and demanded money.

The individual suspected in all of the above robberies is described as being a
light skinned black male, late 20s to early 30' in age, 6'0" in height, weighing
approximately 180 pounds, with curly hair.

Anyone with information regarding these robberies should call Crime Stoppers
Atlanta at (404) 577-8477. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 19, 1993, Tuesday

Too many young African Americans using racism as an excuse not to try

BYLINE: By William Raspberryblacks; race; discrimination; teenagers

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Section A; Page 13

LENGTH: 656 words


WASHINGTON - I've just bought a Lotto ticket, and I'm driving to work with
thoughts of liberation on my mind. If I'm lucky, I will shortly be able to stop
worrying about money, do some serious traveling, buy some clothes and lose some
weight. . . .

Lose some weight? How did that get on the list? The more I think about it, the
more I think it got on the same way most of the other items got on. Lack of
money can be such a big barrier to the things we want to do that we come to
consider it the only barrier. It isn't. I certainly could use some more money;
I've got three children in college. But then I think of the things I really want
to do and I'm surprised at how little they have to do with money.

I don't travel as much as I'd like because I'm too busy, or it's too hard to get
family vacation times coordinated. I don't buy clothes because I refuse to
invest in a wardrobe until I first lose weight and get in shape. Why don't I
lose weight and get in shape? I don't know, but it has nothing to do with money.

Why am I going on about these things? Because they remind me of what I hear so
many young African Americans going through. For them, the culprit isn't lack of
money but racial disadvantage.

If it weren't for racism, I'd have better grades and I'd be able to get into
graduate school. If it weren't for racism, I'd have had my promotion by now. I
wouldn't have been stopped for speeding. You think that cop would have arrested
me for what I said if I'd been white?

I find these recitals - excuses - as fanciful as my dreams of winning the
lottery. Most of the things complained of would be considerably eased by some
combination of exertion, self-discipline and mouth control. Racism serves as a
sort of generalized rationalization for not trying.

Sometimes it's subtle, as when students seek to write papers that are merely
passable, convinced that their strivings for excellence will be ignored by a
white professor. Sometimes it's overt. Recently I heard a young man on Black
Entertainment Television's "For Black Men Only" say words very close to these:
"There's no point in trying, because they are not going to let a black man
succeed."

I hear versions of that thought with dismaying frequency. College students will
tell you that all your exhortations to excellence and hard work are worthless
because "the black man doesn't stand a chance." Law- enforcement officers,
judges and test administrators are all members of a giant conspiracy to keep
black people down.

Point to those black people who have not been kept down, and they'll turn the
tables on you. "Oh, they'll let a few get through, just to make the system look
good." These chosen ones, it goes without saying, never include outspoken,
tell-it-like-it-is folk like themselves - only those who are willing to "go
along with The Man's program."

And what does going along with the program mean? Don't be surprised if it turns
out to mean something as simple as trying.

My lottery musings don't obviate the fact that I could put the money to good
use. Similarly, my criticism of the "no hope" rhetoric of young blacks does not
disprove their sense of racism. It's out there, and it does, in fact, put unfair
limits on them. They'd love to see an end to racism, believing that when that
day finally comes, they'll spread their wings and soar. But the truth is that
most of the things I say I'd do if I had the money are things I could at least
begin doing right now. And for many of them money is an utter irrelevancy.

So it is with my young friends. Most of what they imagine they'd do but for
racism they could begin to do now. It's fine if I keep dreaming of Lotto and if
they keep dreaming of some magical evaporation of racism - as long as we both
accept the necessity of doing what we can right now.- (c1993.)

William Raspberry is syndicated by the Washington Post Writers Group. His column
appears in The Journal occasionally.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH930270046

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              446 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

'Fight for Air Climb' in Oakbrook Terrace

BYLINE: American Lung Association

SECTION: NEIGHBOR; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 301 words


Melissa Bakel of Lacon lost her mother just three months after she was diagnosed
with stage 4 lung cancer.

Natalie Laudadio of Chicago lost both of her parents to lung disease -- her
mother died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and emphysema and her
father died of lung cancer.

Lung disease -- lung cancer specifically -- is the No. 1 cancer killer in the
country.

That's why these women and thousands of others are participating in the American
Lung Association in Chicago's 2016 Fight for Air Climb on Valentine's Day, Feb.
14, at Oakbrook Terrace Tower, 1 Tower Lane. The climb has staggered starts from
7 a.m. to 1 p.m.

The event raises money for research to help put an end to lung disease.

Hundreds from across the state and the Midwest will participate in the event.
Individuals of all fitness levels will stair climb the suburbs' tallest
building, standing at 31 floors with 680 steps.

Participants can climb the tower once in the traditional climb, or two or three
times in the Extreme or Ultimate Challenges.

Register online at FightForAirClimb.org or by calling (312) 781-1100. Climbers
can register for $25 until Tuesday, Feb. 9, and $45 after.

Participating in the Fight for Air Climb empowers individuals to invest in their
own personal health and fitness. They're not just climbing up stairs; they're
fighting for an end to lung disease. Through fundraising, climbers help improve
the lives of patients across the country and locally in Illinois. Almost 90
cents of every dollar raised goes directly to education, research and advocacy.

The mission for the American Lung Association in Greater Chicago is to save
lives by improving lung health and preventing lung disease. For information
about the American Lung Association or to support the work it does, call (800)
586-4872 or visit lung.org.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com/February 2014 Hundreds of people from
across the area will gather on Valentine's Day to participate in the 2016 Fight
for Air Climb at the Oakbrook Terrace Tower. Participants will climb the steps
of the 31-floor tower once, twice or three times to raise money and awareness of
the fight against lung disease. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com/February 2014
Hundreds of people from across the area will gather on Valentine's Day to
participate in the 2016 Fight for Air Climb at the Oakbrook Terrace Tower.
Participants will climb the steps of the 31-floor tower once, twice or three
times to raise money and awareness of the fight against lung disease. Mark
Black/mblack@dailyherald.com/February 2014 Hundreds of people from across the
area will gather on Valentine's Day to participate in the 2016 Fight for Air
Climb at the Oakbrook Terrace Tower. Participants will climb the steps of the
31-floor tower once, twice or three times to raise money and awareness of the
fight against lung disease.Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.comOakbrook Terrace
Tower was the site of the annual Fight for Air Climb to benefit the American
Lung Association on Sunday morning. The tower is the tallest building in the
suburbs. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.comOakbrook Terrace Tower was the site of
the annual Fight for Air Climb to benefit the American Lung Association on
Sunday morning. The tower is the tallest building in the suburbs. Mark Black/
mblack@dailyherald.comOakbrook Terrace Tower was the site of the annual Fight
for Air Climb to benefit the American Lung Association on Sunday morning. The
tower is the tallest building in the suburbs. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com,
2014 Oakbrook Terrace Tower will again be the site of the annual Fight for Air
Climb to benefit the American Lung Association on Valentine's Day, Feb. 14. Mark
Black/mblack@dailyherald.com, 2014 Oakbrook Terrace Tower will again be the site
of the annual Fight for Air Climb to benefit the American Lung Association on
Valentine's Day, Feb. 14. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com/February 2014 The
Oakbrook Terrace Tower is the tallest building in the suburbs with 31 floors and
680 steps. Mark Black/mblack@dailyherald.com/February 2014 The Oakbrook Terrace
Tower is the tallest building in the suburbs with 31 floors and 680 steps. Mark
Black/mblack@dailyherald.com/February 2014 The Oakbrook Terrace Tower is the
tallest building in the suburbs with 31 floors and 680 steps.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              447 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

Expanded gaming: Black Hawk ahead after first year of changes: Amendment 50's
new games and higher stakes prove a winner for Denver-area casino town

BYLINE: Pablo Carlos Mora, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 736 words


Aug. 08--BLACK HAWK -- One year after higher betting limits and other changes
took effect in Colorado's three mountain casino towns, a bottom-line winner has
emerged: The casino town of Black Hawk outside of Denver.

In 2008, voters approved Amendment 50, which raised $5 betting limits to $100
and also allowed table games such as roulette and craps and 24-hour casino
operations.

The changes took effect July 2, 2009.

Don Burmania with the state Division of Gaming said revenue figures have been
tabulated for the last fiscal year.

"Statewide, casino revenues are up 9 percent," Burmania said of the period from
July 1, 2009, to June 30, 2010.

"Adjusted gross proceeds -- the amount wagered minus payoffs, or what the casino
keeps at the end of day -- rose 12.6 percent in Black Hawk and 1.7 percent in
Central City," Burmania said.

Cripple Creek reported a dip in adjusted gross proceeds of 0.6 of a percent.

Amendment 50 has proven lucky for Black Hawk, Burmania said.

"Black Hawk has always been the heavy hitter because of its proximity to the
Denver area and the size of its casinos," he said. "They have the big casinos
that have the resources to add the new games and be open for 24 hours.

"Also, Black Hawk has 18 casinos, Central City has seven and there are 15 in
Cripple Creek."

While casino revenue was up 9 percent, tax revenues rose by 13.4 percent.
"That's because of the graduated tax system -- the better big casinos do, the
better the state does," Burmania said.

"Tax revenue from the casinos was $107.6 million compared to $94.9 million for
the last (fiscal) year," he said. "Of that increase, $9.9 million under Colorado
law is attributable to Amendment 50 revenues."

The additional revenue means more money for the state's community colleges.

"Amendment 50 includes a formula for determining the amount of money the
community college system will receive from additional revenue generated by the
amendment," Burmania said.

After administrative and other costs to the state are deducted, Teller and
Gilpin counties and the three casino towns will receive revenue checks.

About "$6 million will go to the community college system this year," Burmania
said.

Rhonda Bentz, director of media and government relations for the Colorado
Community College System, said the money will be dispersed based on full-time
equivalent, or FTE, enrollment figures.

"We will allocate it according to their FTEs. The individual colleges can spend
it according to constitutional requirements that the money be used for financial
aid and classroom instruction," Bentz said.

"The four colleges receiving the money -- besides our 13 system colleges -- are
Aims (Community College), Colorado Mountain College, Adams (State College) and
Mesa State," Bentz said.

The state will keep close watch on spending, she said.

"Obviously, we want to be as flexible as possible within constitutional
boundaries. Front Range Community College needs may be different than what Lamar
(Community College) needs," Bentz said.

"We are going to be very careful because we have to be accountable to voters and
the Legislature."

The $6 million to be allocated to colleges is a far cry from the $29 million in
revenues projected by state financial analysts prior to Amendment 50's approval.

Prior to state elections, Colorado voters are offered "blue book" projections of
possible fiscal impacts from ballot proposals. The legislative council, a
nonpartisan research branch of the Legislature, prepared the estimate.

The estimate of $29 million in new revenues for community colleges should
Amendment 50 pass "was based on estimates completed mostly in the first half of
2008," one state budget analyst said. "The national economy was showing signs of
weakness but the Colorado economy was doing pretty well . . . We looked at what
other states' experiences had been with higher gaming limits and spoke to the
gaming industry."

Then "the economy went into the worse recession in the World War II era," the
analyst said.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100808-PB-HLT-Expanded-gaming-Black
-Hawk-ahead-after-first-year-of-changes-20100808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2010 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              448 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                        March 3, 2000, Friday, Edition 1

CARTER CUTS TIES WITH INDICTED AGENT BLACK

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 209 words



GAINESVILLE, Fla. (AP) - A judge released indicted sports agent Tank Black on $1
million bond yesterday, but not before prosecutors said he was a target of an
investigation into a multimillion-dollar federal drug case in Michigan.

Further spoiling the agent's victory, Raptors star Vince Carter suspended his
relationship with Black pending the outcome of the criminal money laundering and
fraud case.

After the 9 1/2-hour bond hearing, Black walked out of the courtroom smiling.
Asked for any comments, he said: ''Nothing, only that I'll see you all when
court starts."

Still, the day could not be construed as a good one for the South Carolina-
based agent, who is accused of scamming former clients, most of them NFL
players, out of millions.

''I support Tank and his efforts to bring these matters to an early and
successful resolution," Carter said. ''Tank is a good friend and adviser and I
wish him the best. However, I feel I must take this action in the best interest
of my over-all career."

Assistant U.S. attorney Jerry Sanford signalled more legal troubles for Black by
using evidence gathered from an unrelated federal investigation in the Detroit
area to try to prove Black was a flight risk.



LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              449 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 7, 2000, Sunday, Home Edition

Money Talk;
 First steps toward wealth;
 When teens learn to save, the habit sticks;
 MONEY & MORE

BYLINE: Hank Ezell, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3H

LENGTH: 730 words

Jason Black got his first job as soon as he turned 16, making $ 7.50 an hour at
a McDonald's near his Buford home.

That wasn't good enough. Now, only three months later, he works for a contractor
and knocks down $ 100 a day when he isn't in classes at Dacula High School.

Here is the surprise: Black is thinking about putting some of his earnings into
a Roth individual retirement account.

"Ever since I was little, I've wanted to have a lot of money when I get older,"
the young man said. "I see all the rich people, and they always say they
invested when they were younger. They made their money make money."

Black is no doubt an exception. Most of his friends don't even work, much less
save money. In truth, most teenagers don't think about managing their money.
They think about spending it.

Millions of them will start making that money by the end of this month.
Collectively, their summer jobs will bring in huge amounts of money. According
to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, teenagers earn an average of $ 291 a week.

A lot of other families would like to imitate Black and his parents, Doug and
JoAnn. Those parents want to encourage their youngsters to think about their
future and to put away some money.

Debra Trevathan, the certified financial planner who advises the Black family,
thinks that parents have an obligation to do just that.

"It is parents' responsibility to instill in their children a certain sense of
value," she said. "If parents abdicate that responsibility, their kids will,
too."

It may not be easy, but it can be done. The first step: Lay out goals that high
schoolers are expected to meet. That means a budget for summer earnings.

It has to be reasonable. Trevathan suggests the same standard that many
financial experts recommend for all their clients --- save 10 percent of your
paycheck. For the average teenager, that would come to $ 29 a week. "That's not
going to hurt you, and it will grow," she said.

The goal also has to be something that engages the student. Families have
developed a number of stratagems to build enthusiasm, or at least interest:

Demonstrating the value of regular savings. Trevathan supplied Black with a
spreadsheet showing how much money he could accumulate if he invested only $
1,000 a year in a tax-deferred retirement account. Assuming a 10 percent annual
return, the youngster would have $ 486,900 at age 55.

"Jason liked that," Trevathan said.

Adding financial incentives. For example, a family might agree to match any
amount that a youngster puts into an investment account. It's free money, just
like matching money that employers put into 401(k) retirement plans.

Setting student-centered goals. How about a savings account aimed at covering
college expenses in the fall? That could be tuition money for the truly
conscientious or pizza money for the others.

Helping find and establish investment accounts. For underage students, parents
will have to sign on as custodians. The best investments will be those with low
purchase costs and a low minimum initial investment.

For stocks, check out www.sharebuilder.com, www.buyandhold.com or www.
netstockdirect.com.

For mutual funds, Morningstar lists about 80 stock funds that have no front- end
sales charges and allow minimum start-up purchases of $ 100 or less. Among them
are funds managed by Waddell & Reed, PIMCO, Neuberger Berman and Alger.

Suggesting stocks that are of interest to young people. Microsoft and McDonald's
are obvious choices.

Leading by example. "If you want your kids to invest, you should be investing,
too," said Trevathan. "If parents can't save money, why would they expect their
kids to save?"

For students as far-sighted and ambitious as Jason Black, an IRA is indeed
possible. Trevathan favors a Roth rather than a traditional IRA, because all
withdrawals, many years from now, will be tax-free.

The youngster will have to pay taxes now, of course, but at a rate of only 15
percent.

A number of mutual fund families allow IRAs for those under 18, including
Vanguard, Janus and T. Rowe Price.

As with adults, the most important part is taking the first step. "Once you get
a pattern and it's consistent --- 10 cents of every dollar goes into investments
--- you're going to go on throughout your life," Trevathan said.

Next Sunday: Launching your college freshman

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Future millionaire? Jason Black, a sophomore at Dacula High School, does
construction work on weekends and invests much of his earnings.  / BRANT
SANDERLIN / Staff
Graphic
TEENS AND MONEY
High school students may not know a lot about money management ...
77 percent don't know that stocks usually have a higher annual return than
savings bonds, checking accounts or savings accounts.
50 percent don't understand the value of compounding.
62 percent don't know that income tax will double, at least, as income doubles.
 30 percent think that retirement income paid by a company is Social Security.
Only 46 percent got the right answer: pension.
... but they respond well to teaching.
45 percent started saving or began saving more after taking a 10- hour course in
handling their money.
31 percent started using a budget.
30 percent discussed money management with family members.
27 percent began comparison shopping.
Sources: Jumpstart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy, National Endowment
for Financial Education

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              450 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 26, 1996, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
Black Coaches Hear A Plea From Farrakhan

BYLINE: By WILLIAM C. RHODEN

SECTION: Section 8;  Page 2;  Column 1;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 812 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO, Fla.


WHEN word spread that Louis Farrakhan would address the Black Coaches
Association, members reacted with the mixed emotions that characterized
ambivalence toward the Nation of Islam's 63-year-old leader.

There was joy and anger, excitement and trepidation. Some who planned to attend
the association's convention canceled, others said they would come but not
attend the speech. Others eagerly embraced the selection as a breath of fire the
black athletic community needed to hear.

Indeed, midway into his speech yesterday, Farrakhan -- in his classic slashing
delivery -- said that he was a lion. "You're a lion too," he told the coaches.
"But you act like pussycats. You need to hear a lion roar so you know what a
lion sounds like."

Frankly, when Rudy Washington, the executive director and co-founder of the
association, confirmed that the association and Farrakhan on Friday had agreed
to terms, I wondered what took the Nation of Islam so long to rediscover one of
the most lucrative streams of self-empowerment emanating from the
African-American community: muscle.

The sprawling black community, stretched this way and that, from scholars to
laborers, has lacked the coordinated vision to control its athletic gold. The
Nation of Islam, on the other hand, understood the economic and cultural value
of the black presence in sports. In 1963, Cassius Clay became the Nation of
Islam's most celebrated convert.

More than three decades later, young black men form the cornerstone of a
multibillion-dollar industry Farrakhan refers to as the business of "Sport and
Play."

Washington said that the association's reason for inviting Farrakhan this year,
Al Sharpton the year before and Jesse Jackson in 1994 was to help illuminate a
wider path for coaches and, by extension, young players.

"Young African-Americans are making more money in basketball alone than a lot of
small countries in the world," Washington said. "They can change the world with
the earning potential they have. They need guidance."

There was a distinct difference between this B.C.A. convention and others I've
attended. The hotel lobby is normally the sole domain of coaches dressed in
sweats and shorts. This morning they provided a stark contrast to Farrakhan's
security force of young African-American men in neatly pressed suits and bow
ties and women in white silk skirts.

The coaches submitted to polite but firm searches before entering the ballroom
-- men entering on the left, women on the right.

A few moments before the program, one of Farrakhan's aides asked Washington if
three members of the association could join the minister on the stage. That
might be problematic, Washington said. For some members of the association, many
of whom work at predominantly white institutions, inviting Farrakhan was a huge
enough step. They weren't about to share the stage.

Kenny Williamson, an assistant at Seton Hall and a co-founder of the
association, and Washington sat on one side of the stage. Two Nation of Islam
ministers sat on the other side. They were joined by Bighouse Gaines, the
legendary Winston-Salem State University basketball coach. Gaines, now retired,
knew Farrakhan when he was an 18-year-old freshman track athlete at
Winston-Salem State named Louis Eugene Walcott.

"He was as articulate then as he is now," Gaines said. "You could see back then
that he was no ordinary Joe."

For all the hand wringing, no-shows and early departures, Farrakahn was tame:
There was no name-calling, there were no angry denunciations.

He implored the coaches to stop allowing black athletic gold to leave the
community. "Show them the value of the money they're making," he said. "Shaq and
Penny and Michael are great athletes: What institutions are they building with
that money? If they are not building institutions that will last, it's our
fault. Why not steer them to good black agents, steer them to a good black
accountant? Never sell out the future of our people for money."

And that was essentially it. Painless.

After the speech, Farrakhan received a standing ovation as he was ushered off
stage. Large numbers of coaches mobbed the table in the lobby where copies of
the minister's speech were being sold for $8 each.

Everyone seemed to breathe easy. Coaches who had second thoughts about coming
might even be able to go back and tell their athletic directors what Farrakhan
said without fear of reprisal. He spoke about God, guidance and re-erecting a
standard of values that has collapsed.

"The most significant thing I take away from this is the sense of responsibility
you have to educate -- really educate our players off the court," said Paul
Hewitt, an assistant basketball coach at Villanova.

"This was not an endorsement of the Nation of Islam," Washington said. "This was
an opportunity to hear a man speak who has the ear of my children."

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Louis Farrakhan, shown earlier this month at a church in
Brooklyn, spoke yesterday on harnessing the economic power of black athletes.
(Ozier Muhammad/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              451 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      March 20, 1995, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Personal Business;
BLACK/WHITE;
The art of accumulation

BYLINE: S.A. Reid; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1575 words



Building a nest egg is important issue for African-Americans

Editor's note: This is the first of an occasional series on wealth focusing on
African-Americans. Many black families, because of the history of slavery and
generations of poverty, have been unable to accumulate and pass on wealth to
their children. Now there is a rising black middle class struggling with these
issues and trying to change the pattern. In this series, we hope to outline the
issues African-American families face and offer ways to achieve financial
security. Look for future installments in the Personal Business section.

In 1993, Phyllis Starks owned about $ 15,000 worth of shoes, but she had only $
4,000 in savings and investments.

"I was still trying to save a little," the 28-year-old employee benefits
specialist said apologetically. "But I could have saved a lot more had I not
been buying shoes."

Today, partly in response to a financial planning workshop, Starks socks away 25
percent of her salary. She also follows a strict budget. She's not alone.
Increasing numbers of African-Americans are learning to shift their financial
priorities from spending to wealth accumulation. Experts say that is critical to
improving black individual and collective economic health.

"The Civil Rights movement has helped to advance us where we need to go," said
Charles Ross, host of a nationally syndicated personal finance radio program and
author of "Your Commonsense Guide to Personal Financial Planning."

But now, Ross said, "African-Americans must take personal responsibility to
improve our financial life by saving and investing."

The resurgence of investment clubs and interest in financial planning seminars
may be evidence of attitudinal changes, Ross suggests. This trend isn't lost on
financial institutions eager to tap this historically underserved segment. A
major reason: pressure to find new markets for expansion.

Prudential, for one, has launched an urban marketing initiative to increase its
number of financial services offices in urban locations in Atlanta and
elsewhere.

"At this point, the ethnic market is growing and has a large emerging middle
class with the financial wherewithal," said Tom Morabito, senior vice president
at Strategic Research Institute L.P. in New York.

"There's greater demand for services and for institutions to be there physically
to serve them. The institutions are now listening."

More than 300 African-American women, including Starks, attended the "She Means
Business" workshop on money and investing, sponsored by the Georgia Association
of Black Women Attorneys last September. The financial experts were all black.
Building on that success, the group will sponsor a similar seminar Saturday at
the Fox Theatre. This one - "She Means Business & So Does He" - is for black men
and black women.

Starks, at 28, is nowhere near retirement age. But already, she is fretting
about saving for retirement as she watches relatives struggle during their
golden years.

"I wish they had saved more, but back then they didn't have the money," Starks
said. "I just want to be comfortable. I don't want to have that as a concern."

But African-Americans tend not to make saving and investing a priority, said
Cherilynn Castleman, a seminar organizer and Prudential representative.

"Most are first generation investors and savers," she explained. "It's something
we have to build confidence with. It's a learning experience."

Comfort level

There's also a general tendency to put money in less liquid assets, such as
homes, experts said. And, there's a tendency to squirrel money away in low-risk
investments such as real estate, traditional savings accounts and life
insurance, according to Margaret Sims, director of research programs for the
Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies in Washington.

Historically, the lower the risk, the lower the return.

Karen Winstead, 34, once used that approach to saving. But a financial planning
seminar convinced the Atlanta computer operator to do otherwise.

"It feels good," Winstead said. "I want to do more as time progresses and money
frees up - like putting more into a 401(k) plan and buying more stock."

But not everyone can.

Experts cite lack of disposable income, or the lack of knowledge about financial
products such as stocks and bonds. But even as African- Americans become more
affluent and more savvy, the dearth of black financial planners and stockbrokers
is also a hindrance, experts said.

Historically, for example, this community has had negative experiences with
inexpensive "burial" or "dime" insurance policies - and the agents that sold
them. For many, this was their only contact with financial professionals. As a
result, some black people aren't comfortable discussing their money with white
financial experts.

"We usually look to someone like ourselves, someone we can relate to, someone we
feel has our best interest at heart," Castleman observed.

"When I talk to (black) clients and see all their money going toward tangible
assets, I understand how hard they have worked for that money - and how easy it
is to want to reward yourself with things - because I know what it's like to
have to work twice as hard to earn my money, too," she said.

When she shares her own experience, Castleman added, "they can hear how
important it is to pay yourself first, better than they can hear 'put $ 50 away
in a mutual fund.' "

African-Americans wield a collective buying power of more than $ 300 billion, an
amount that rivals the gross national product of some countries.

But that's not wealth. "The reality is that with all that purchasing power we
really don't own anything that's working for us," explained Ronald Smith, an
account executive for investments at Dean Witter.

"We have less than 1 percent of the (available) stocks and bonds in the United
States. Yet, we make up 12.5 percent to 13 percent of the population. There's a
huge disparity between what we have, what we make and what we do with our money.
"

Getting relatively poorer

A 1994 study by Miami-based Market Segment Research & Consulting helps complete
the picture. The study shows that the vast majority of African-Americans
considered financial security very important, but were less likely to have
various financial accounts. For example, only 53 percent of African-Americans
surveyed had savings accounts.

Some experts suggest that this multibillion-dollar buying power may not
translate into enough discretionary income to make saving and investing possible
for the majority. The median income of African- American families, for example,
continues to be significantly less than that of white families, said Edward
Irons, dean of Clark Atlanta's business school.

"Until people have enough money individually to exceed the basic cost of living,
the $ 300 billion doesn't mean much collectively," said Irons.

Financial security valued

When compared with white families, the nation's black families have lost
economic ground in the 25 years since the peak of the Civil Rights era,
according to a recent U.S. Census Bureau report. The median income for black
families in 1993 was $ 21,550, compared with $ 39,310 for whites. That means
black families earned just 55 percent of what white families did. In 1969, the
black-to-white ratio was 61 percent. "Let's get real about this," suggested
Julianne Malveaux, a Washington- based economist, radio personality and
syndicated columnist. "Let's look at this money and talk about how most of it is
used for basic expenses."

That's not the only thing. Conspicuous consumption also contributes heavily to
the lack of funds available for building wealth, some experts say.

"You're talking about a race of people who barely save 4 percent of what they
earn," said Dennis Kimbro, a Clark Atlanta University professor and author. That
is in line with the national savings average. But Kimbro also described
African-Americans as among "the biggest spenders in the world."

For example, Kimbro said, African-Americans are eight times as likely to own a
BMW. Black males ages 13-24 buy one out of five shoes made by Nike, he said.

The problem of debt

Lack of savings and overspending on the trappings of success - clothes, luxury
cars and other items - has helped turn African-Americans into a "debtor nation,"
says George Fraser, author of the best-selling "Success Runs in Our Race: The
Complete Guide to Effective Networking."

"I think a lot of it comes from hundreds of years of not having -and seeing
those as symbols of success," explained Fraser. "They give us a sense that we've
made it."

But financial education brings change.

Melody Horne, for example, got her act together after a financial planning
workshop and additional expert advice. She bought her first home within months
of the seminar.

"Until then, I was loosely spending money," said the 25-year-old intern
architect. "Now savings are much more important to me."

However, Margaret Sims of the Joint Center questions the consumption- oriented
reputation of African-Americans, adding, "I'm not sure how much support there is
for that theory."

Whatever the case, Starks certainly admits her shoe follies and has avoided
buying shoes for a record seven months.

"It's been killing me, but I've been praying about it," she said. "I have to.
It's a habit."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Melody Horne sits on the floor in hew new home. / FRANK NIEMEIR /
Staff Color Photo: Mug shot of Phyllis Starks. / PHIL SKINNER / Staff Photo: Mug
shot of Ronald Smith Photo: Mug shot of Cherilynn Castleman Photo: Mug shot of
Edward Irons Line Graph: Compounding: The startling facts If you want to build a
big pile of money, nothing beats starting right now. That's because of the power
of compounding: Every time your investments earn money, that money itself starts
making more money. Say you invest $ 2,000 a year for the first eight years of a
40-year period and make no more investments. You will earn more, while investing
less, than someone who starts late, investing $ 2,000 annually from the ninth
year through the 40th year. This is what happens, assuming 10% compounded annual
return: Chart show that for the early saver, an investment of $ 16,000 in the
first 8 years becomes a total savings of $ 531,118 in the 40th year. A late
saver who invests $ 60,000 in the last 32 years will have a total savings of $
442,496 at the 40th year. Source: Standard & Poor's Guide to Retirement Planning
/ TOM KELLEY / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              452 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                              May 3, 2012 Thursday

Armed robbers hit southern Durham

BYLINE: KEITH UPCHURCHkupchurch@heraldsun.com; 919-419-6612

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; C; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 365  words


DURHAM - Police are investigating three weekend armed robberies in southern
Durham and trying to determine if they are connected.CrimeStoppers is offering
rewards in all three holdups.The first robbery happened Friday at Bojangles',
5435 S. Miami Blvd. Two men wearing hoodies entered the business around 9:45
p.m. and forced an employee into the office at gunpoint, took money and left.
One suspect was described as black, wearing a tan or yellow hoodie, gloves and
black boots.

He was carrying a handgun. The second suspect was described as black, wearing a
gray hoodie and a T-shirt over the lower half of his face. He was carrying what
appeared to be a toy assault rifle with a tiger stripe or camouflage pattern on
it.The second robbery was Saturday at Cruizers, 4706 N.C. 55. A gunman entered
the business shortly before 1:30 a.m. and demanded money from an employee. The
suspect was described as black, wearing a black hoodie, a black and white
skeleton type mask, a white T-shirt under the hoodie, black and white shoes,
white gloves and black pants.The third holdup was Saturday at Dollar Tree, 4900
N.C. 55. A man approached an employee who was going to her vehicle late
Saturday, told her he had a gun and demanded money. He pushed the employee into
her vehicle, took cash and fled with two other men. One of the men ran into the
side of a moving vehicle, but was able to get up and keep running. The men fled
in a dark-colored, four-door sedan. All wore white masks. One suspect was
described as black, in his late teens or early 20s, 5 feet, 6 inches to 5 feet,
8 inches tall with a medium build. The second suspect was described as white, in
his late teens or early 20s, 5 feet, 6 inches tall with a medium build. He had
blond hair and an olive complexion. The third suspect was described as black, in
his late teens or early 20s, 5 feet, 8 inches to 5 feet, 9 inches with a medium
build.Anyone with information about any of the three robberies is asked to call
Investigator Emanuel at (919) 560-4415, ext. 29306, or CrimeStoppers at (919)
683-1200. CrimeStoppers pays cash rewards for information leading to arrests in
felony cases and callers never have to identify themselves.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                April 26, 2000, Wednesday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

'Runner' Cebrun arrested again

SOURCE: Compiled from Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: MONTGOMERY, Ala.; GAINESVILLE; COLUMBUS, Ohio



Nate Cebrun, jailed in '93 FSU spree, is charged in Chris Porter-payment saga.

Nate Cebrun, who served 30 days in jail because of his involvement in the free
shopping spree at Foot Locker by Florida State football players in 1993, was one
of two men arrested Tuesday on fugitive warrants for illegally providing $ 2,500
to former Auburn basketball player Chris Porter.

Cebrun, who reached a plea-bargain agreement in the FSU case after being charged
with failing to register as a sports agent in Florida, and sports agent Robert
J. Walsh were arrested by Las Vegas police and federal agents and charged with
violation Alabama's sports agent law.

The law prohibits agents from providing money or making improper contact with
college athletes.

In 1994, Cebrun was sentenced to the jail time and fined $ 2,000. He pleaded no
contest to a third-degree felony, was placed on 18 months' probation and ordered
to pay $ 255 in court costs.

Cebrun's actions first were disclosed in Sports Illustrated, which reported in
May 1994 that he and Raul Bey, both of Las Vegas, and Paul Williams of
Tallahassee took Florida State players on a $ 6,000 shopping spree in the middle
of their first national championship season and provided cash and other gifts.

The current arrests came after a grand jury in Lee County returned indictments.

Porter said the money was to help his mother financially and that he didn't know
it was from an agent. But the arrests Monday came on charges accusing Walsh and
Cebrun, a self-described middleman for agents, of being involved in the deal.

Walsh, 39, was arrested during a traffic stop and Cebrun, 54, was arrested at
his apartment, where he was hiding in a bathroom, police said. Both were
released on their own recognizance.

Tank Black trial delayed

GAINESVILLE - A judge has granted a delay for the fraud trial of indicted sports
agent Tank Black. Jury selection has been rescheduled for June 5.

That gives both sides 34 more days to prepare for the criminal case, in which
Black and four associates are accused of scamming former clients out of millions
of dollars.

The attorney for co-defendant Lisa Adams asked for the delay. Black's new
attorney, Joseph Beeler, didn't object.

Black faces up to 25 years in jail if convicted on all counts.

Meanwhile, the attorney defending Black in a separate civil suit filed by the
Securities and Exchange Commission file the required and expected answers to the
complaints brought against Black. The SEC also alleges Black swindled clients
and is attempting to recover the money that belongs to the clients.

"I think it's fair to say that all the substantative allegations of wrongdoing
have been denied," Atlanta-based attorney Michael Wolensky said Tuesday.

Black had to respond to every allegation, even one as seemingly innocuous as his
age. He said he's not 42.

"It's not humorous," Wolensky said. "The SEC has made certain allegations and
we're required to admit them or deny them - whether they got your age wrong or
address wrong, it's a formal legal document. It's not John Rocker shooting his
mouth off."

The next step in the civil suit, Wolensky said, is for the parties to meet and
discuss the remaining pre-trial matters, such as discovery and what witnesses
will be deposed.

Ohio State guard turns pro

COLUMBUS, Ohio - Ohio State's Michael Redd is not among those who doubt his
ability to make it in the NBA.

Disdaining a chance to become the Buckeyes' career scoring leader, Redd said
Tuesday that he would skip his senior season and make himself eligible for the
NBA draft in June.

Redd, who averaged 17.3 points and 6.5 rebounds last season, said he reached his
decision three weeks ago.

"No doubts," the 6-foot-6 Redd said. "Totally confident. If I had any doubts I'd
stay, plain and simple."

MORE BASKETBALL: Duke and Temple lead the 16-team field for the 2000 Preseason
NIT, which also includes Texas and Indiana. John Toombs, a 6-foot-9 forward,
signed a letter-of-intent to play at Georgia.

FOOTBALL: Heisman Trophy winners Marcus Allen and Johnny Rodgers joined John
Elway, Dan Dierdorf and 10 other former players in the latest class of inductees
into the College Football Hall of Fame. Former UCLA coach Terry Donahue and
former Iowa coach Forest Evashevski were also honored at a news conference in
South Bend, Ind. The WAC signed agreements that will give the league guaranteed
berths to the Mobile Alabama Bowl, the Silicon Valley Classic and the
Humanitarian Bowl, commissioner Karl Benson said.

SOFTBALL: Stephanie Strickland and Jessica Hunsinger of Seminole have signed
softball scholarships. Strickland will attend South Florida; Hunsinger will
attend Manatee Community College.

WOMEN'S BASKETBALL: Miami signed EdMarie Lumbsly, a 6-foot-7 center from
Kingston, Jamaica.

MORE BASKETBALL: The Miami women signed EdMarie Lumbsly, a 6-foot-7 center from
Kingston, Jamaica.

BASEBALL: Host Stetson used a six-run fifth inning to blow open a tight game and
beat South Florida 11-6, ending the Bulls' season-high four-game winning streak.

SOCCER: The NCAA reprimanded Indiana's Nick Garcia for head-butting a player
from Santa Clara during the championship game on Dec. 12.

- Staff writers Brian Landman, Ernest Hooper and researcher John Martin
contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press; COLOR PHOTO, JOHN
PENDYGRAFT; Nate Cebrun; Chris Porter, arriving at Auburn's Senior Day after his
suspension, received $ 2,500 from self-described "middleman" Nate Cebrun and
Robert J. Walsh.; Michael Redd surrendered a chance at OSU's scoring record.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              454 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            November 10 1986, Monday

Brinks-Mat bullion raid: 26 million pounds robbery leads Yard to uncover US
crime link

BYLINE: STEWART TENDLER, Crime Reporter

SECTION: Issue 62611.

LENGTH: 1037 words


Scotland Yard's Tintagel House is an undistinguished office block overlooking
the Thames. But for the past 18 months it has been home to a special unit of
detectives set up to unravel the financial legerdemain used to launder the
proceeds of the pounds 26 million Brinks-Mat robbery.

Almost three years after Britain's record robbery, carried out by an armed gang
on a high security warehouse near Heathrow Airport, the police hunt for the
raiders and their proceeds continues unabated. It has cost the life of one
detective and sent others to the banking centres of Latin America, Europe and
the off-shore financial havens of the Caribbean.


In the process the Yard has uncovered a massive international network of shell
companies and accounts moving millions of pounds of American and British
criminal money. The result is what American drug investigators think is an
important break-through leading them from Florida to Boston, Chicago, New York
and a chain of crooked lawyers at the service of the Mafia.

Two men are serving sentences of 25 years after the evidence of a Brinks-Mat
guard who helped them to plan the robbery and then became a police witness.
Detectives believe they have identified another three or four men who took part
in the raid. Pulling apart the network which changed the bullion into cash and
then into investments is well under way.

Four men have been convicted on charges arising from the robbery. Another nine
men and women face charges involving the movement of money generated from the
robbery. Fresh arrests are expected.

The biggest robbery investigation the Yard has ever undertaken began on a
Saturday morning in November 1983 when robbers swarmed into the security
warehouse supplied by Anthony Black, a guard, with photographs of the interior
and a key. Black provided a signal for the robbers to attack.

The gang expected to find pounds 2 or pounds 3 million but neither he nor they
knew a huge consignment of gold had arrived hours earlier from another
warehouse. The robbers took nearly three tons of bullion, 1,000 carats of
diamonds, platinum and travellers' cheques.

The police quickly realized that the robbers had good intelligence. They
screened the staff and discovered that Black's sister was living with a man
called Brian Robinson, a south Londoner whose named figured heavily in Flying
Squad files. One of his partners was thought to be Michael McAvoy. Black cracked
during police questioning and Robinson, McAvoy and a third south London man were
charged. Robinson and McAvoy were convicted but the third man was acquitted.
Black was given six years in jail and the promise of a new life to save him from
revenge.

A year after the robbery the police had convictions but no sign of the gold
although they thought they were on its track. They had been monitoring sales of
furnaces, the appearance of smelted gold on the Hatton Garden market and the
movement of cash to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

A central figure in their investigations was a Kent businessman called Kenneth
Noye. In January last year officers from the Yard's undercover surveillance
department C11 were watching his home.

Two officers climbed into the grounds round the Noye home at night as a police
raid was being launched. They were seen by Noye's guard dogs and Detective
Constable John Fordham was caught by Noye and stabbed to death.

Noye was later acquitted of the officer's murder on a plea of self defence but
he was convicted with two others of moving gold from the robbery back into the
legitimate market and given 14 years in prison. The others convicted were Brian
Reader and Garth Chappell. Matteo Constantino was convicted of VAT fraud.

At Scotland Yard Det Con Fordham's death had not gone unmarked. A 45-strong team
of experienced detectives was formed specifically to look at organized crime and
the laundering of assets.

High on their priorities was the Brinks-Mat case. A year after their formation
as they followed up leads they saw an American called Scott Erico, on the run
from the United States where he was wanted for murder and drug trafficking.
Erico, at present fighting extradition to the US, and his contacts led police
into the middle of the international laundering network servicing the Mafia and
London criminals.

It stretched from the Isle of Man, where police found more than 170 accounts, to
the British Virgin Islands.

Other accounts were traced to the Far East, the City of London and Europe. One
squad of officers concentrated on the international network, working closely
with the Americans.

The re-establishment of extradition arrangements with Spain has however greatly
assisted the police. Before the ink dried on the extradition agreements the Yard
had prepared a list of men it sought and gathered intelligence on their
activities.

At least two were connected to Brinks-Mat. A West Country jeweller, was sought
in connection with handling the gold. Police also wanted to talk to John
Fleming, a Londoner.

Earlier this year the jeweller was flown back to Britain from Brazil and charged
with handling gold from the robbery and a VAT offence. Mr Fleming fled to Costa
Rica from Spain after being faced with expulsion.

Expelled from Costa Rica he went to Florida, was held and is waiting to see if
he will have to return to Britain. One other Briton sought in connection with
the robbery is also thought to be living in the US.

In London police in the past week have charged a solicitor with handling pounds
2.7 million in proceeds from stolen gold.

After a series of arrests in recent months three women and a number of men face
charges involving proceeds from the Brinks-Mat robbery.

The police investigation has led to:

Three men convicted for the robbery and one acquitted.

Three men convicted of handling gold and four acquitted. One convicted of VAT
fraud.

Six men and three women facing charges for handling proceeds of the robbery.

One man facing deportation from US.

Police think that at least pounds 10 million was laundered into cash by a route
they uncovered. Court action is under way to recover major assets from one
convicted person.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              455 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                            November 10 1986, Monday

Brinks-Mat bullion raid: 26 million pounds robbery leads Yard to uncover US
crime link

BYLINE: STEWART TENDLER, Crime Reporter

SECTION: Issue 62611.

LENGTH: 1037 words


Scotland Yard's Tintagel House is an undistinguished office block overlooking
the Thames. But for the past 18 months it has been home to a special unit of
detectives set up to unravel the financial legerdemain used to launder the
proceeds of the pounds 26 million Brinks-Mat robbery.

Almost three years after Britain's record robbery, carried out by an armed gang
on a high security warehouse near Heathrow Airport, the police hunt for the
raiders and their proceeds continues unabated. It has cost the life of one
detective and sent others to the banking centres of Latin America, Europe and
the off-shore financial havens of the Caribbean.


In the process the Yard has uncovered a massive international network of shell
companies and accounts moving millions of pounds of American and British
criminal money. The result is what American drug investigators think is an
important break-through leading them from Florida to Boston, Chicago, New York
and a chain of crooked lawyers at the service of the Mafia.

Two men are serving sentences of 25 years after the evidence of a Brinks-Mat
guard who helped them to plan the robbery and then became a police witness.
Detectives believe they have identified another three or four men who took part
in the raid. Pulling apart the network which changed the bullion into cash and
then into investments is well under way.

Four men have been convicted on charges arising from the robbery. Another nine
men and women face charges involving the movement of money generated from the
robbery. Fresh arrests are expected.

The biggest robbery investigation the Yard has ever undertaken began on a
Saturday morning in November 1983 when robbers swarmed into the security
warehouse supplied by Anthony Black, a guard, with photographs of the interior
and a key. Black provided a signal for the robbers to attack.

The gang expected to find pounds 2 or pounds 3 million but neither he nor they
knew a huge consignment of gold had arrived hours earlier from another
warehouse. The robbers took nearly three tons of bullion, 1,000 carats of
diamonds, platinum and travellers' cheques.

The police quickly realized that the robbers had good intelligence. They
screened the staff and discovered that Black's sister was living with a man
called Brian Robinson, a south Londoner whose named figured heavily in Flying
Squad files. One of his partners was thought to be Michael McAvoy. Black cracked
during police questioning and Robinson, McAvoy and a third south London man were
charged. Robinson and McAvoy were convicted but the third man was acquitted.
Black was given six years in jail and the promise of a new life to save him from
revenge.

A year after the robbery the police had convictions but no sign of the gold
although they thought they were on its track. They had been monitoring sales of
furnaces, the appearance of smelted gold on the Hatton Garden market and the
movement of cash to the Isle of Man and the Channel Islands.

A central figure in their investigations was a Kent businessman called Kenneth
Noye. In January last year officers from the Yard's undercover surveillance
department C11 were watching his home.

Two officers climbed into the grounds round the Noye home at night as a police
raid was being launched. They were seen by Noye's guard dogs and Detective
Constable John Fordham was caught by Noye and stabbed to death.

Noye was later acquitted of the officer's murder on a plea of self defence but
he was convicted with two others of moving gold from the robbery back into the
legitimate market and given 14 years in prison. The others convicted were Brian
Reader and Garth Chappell. Matteo Constantino was convicted of VAT fraud.

At Scotland Yard Det Con Fordham's death had not gone unmarked. A 45-strong team
of experienced detectives was formed specifically to look at organized crime and
the laundering of assets.

High on their priorities was the Brinks-Mat case. A year after their formation
as they followed up leads they saw an American called Scott Erico, on the run
from the United States where he was wanted for murder and drug trafficking.
Erico, at present fighting extradition to the US, and his contacts led police
into the middle of the international laundering network servicing the Mafia and
London criminals.

It stretched from the Isle of Man, where police found more than 170 accounts, to
the British Virgin Islands.

Other accounts were traced to the Far East, the City of London and Europe. One
squad of officers concentrated on the international network, working closely
with the Americans.

The re-establishment of extradition arrangements with Spain has however greatly
assisted the police. Before the ink dried on the extradition agreements the Yard
had prepared a list of men it sought and gathered intelligence on their
activities.

At least two were connected to Brinks-Mat. A West Country jeweller, was sought
in connection with handling the gold. Police also wanted to talk to John
Fleming, a Londoner.

Earlier this year the jeweller was flown back to Britain from Brazil and charged
with handling gold from the robbery and a VAT offence. Mr Fleming fled to Costa
Rica from Spain after being faced with expulsion.

Expelled from Costa Rica he went to Florida, was held and is waiting to see if
he will have to return to Britain. One other Briton sought in connection with
the robbery is also thought to be living in the US.

In London police in the past week have charged a solicitor with handling pounds
2.7 million in proceeds from stolen gold.

After a series of arrests in recent months three women and a number of men face
charges involving proceeds from the Brinks-Mat robbery.

The police investigation has led to:

Three men convicted for the robbery and one acquitted.

Three men convicted of handling gold and four acquitted. One convicted of VAT
fraud.

Six men and three women facing charges for handling proceeds of the robbery.

One man facing deportation from US.

Police think that at least pounds 10 million was laundered into cash by a route
they uncovered. Court action is under way to recover major assets from one
convicted person.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1986 Times Newspapers Limited


                              456 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              February 01, 2000, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Bush vows to keep pushing for One Florida

BYLINE: WILLIAM YARDLEY

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Dissent and protest won't deter him from reworking affirmative action, he tells
an education task force.

The sharpened criticism cast toward Gov. Jeb Bush for his plan to overhaul state
affirmative action policies apparently has hurt.

"I've gone through the last couple of weeks with a pretty heavy heart, to be
honest with you," Bush said Monday, speaking to a task force he appointed to
study disparities in school funding.

The governor told the group he was committed to increasing diversity and to
ensuring that all Florida children receive equal chances to learn - including at
low-performing schools where the majority of students are minorities.

"It's at the core of why I want to serve as governor," he said.

Bush said that his motives have been questioned but that he remains resolved to
end racial and gender preferences while increasing diversity with other
measures.

"I'm going to keep at this and emotions will subside at some point," he said.

Many heads nodded when Bush spoke to the group, and the governor greeted nearly
everyone by first name. At least half the 24 members on the panel are black, and
many of the black members supported the governor in his 1998 campaign.

Sen. Kendrick Meek, D-Miami, and Jacksonville Democratic Rep. Tony Hill, who
staged a sit-in two weeks ago to protest Bush's One Florida plan to overhaul
affirmative action, have accused the governor of listening only to blacks who
support him.

One black member made a point of assuring Bush of her support on Monday.

"I think you're the greatest thing yet," said Dr. Gwen Chandler-Thompson, a
media and library specialist from Jacksonville.

Bush established the task force as part of One Florida. The group met for the
first time Monday. The meeting was intended to be held last fall but was
delayed, in part, because its original chairman, Miami Sen. Daryl Jones, left
the committee. Jones, a black Democrat, initially supported One Florida but
reversed himself under pressure from black lawmakers and constituents.

Bush told the group that students at poorly performing public schools too often
are the victims of inadequate funding and low expectations.

"It's not just money . . . we should have high expectations for every child," he
said.

Later in the day, Lt. Gov. Frank Brogan urged the group to focus less on state
education expenditures and more on ways to hold local school districts
accountable for how and where they spend education money.

Bush said a campaign car ride around Broward County in 1998 convinced him that
some schools receive money and attention while others are neglected.

He touched the shoulders of two committee members, Fort Lauderdale women who
drove him from wealthy east Broward to the struggling northwest. "The reason why
we're doing this is because of my travels around Broward County with you guys,"
Bush said.


LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Gov. Jeb Bush (ran SS edition of Metro & State)

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              457 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

Search continues for pair accused of robbing Millcreek bank

BYLINE: Tim Hahn, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 501 words


Jan. 08--Millcreek Township police said a masked man with a fur-rimmed coat hood
and with a gun in his hand guarded the door of a West Eighth Street bank Tuesday
morning while another masked man pointed his gun at tellers and demanded cash.

Undisclosed sums of money were taken from two tellers inside the First National
Bank branch before the robbers fled, running south, and possibly left the area
in a silver vehicle, according to investigators.

Tuesday's robbery was the 17th of a bank in Erie County in the past year and the
second at the branch in 17 days. Millcreek police were still working to identify
the suspects Wednesday, and they released photos and video from the bank's
surveillance cameras to local media in an effort to generate assistance from the
public.

No one was injured in the robbery, which happened Tuesday at 9:57 a.m. at the
First National Bank at 2765 W. Eighth St.

Police said the suspects walked into the bank with guns, and one served as a
lookout while the other approached a teller and demanded money. The second
suspect then went to another teller and took money from both, according to
investigators.

Police said the robbers were last seen in the area of the Korean Presbyterian
Church, 908 Hillborn Ave., and they may have fled in an older model, silver
vehicle parked behind the church.

One of the suspects was described as a black male in his late 20s or early 30s
who was 5 feet 9 inches to 6 feet tall. He was wearing a black coat with brown
fur around the hood, a light gray hooded sweatshirt, gloves and a ski mask.

The second suspect was described as a black male in his late 20s or early 30s
who was about 5 feet 6 inches tall and had a mustache. He was wearing a black
coat with a black hooded sweatshirt underneath, gloves and a ski mask.

Millcreek Police Chief Michael Tesore said Wednesday that investigators are
looking for a possible connection between Tuesday's robbery and the robbery of
the First National Bank branch on Dec. 20. A man wearing a black hooded
sweatshirt, black pants, light-colored gloves and a scarf covering part of his
face robbed the branch of cash while pointing a gun at a teller, according to
police.

Erie police continue to investigate an attempted bank robbery that also occurred
Dec. 20. According to city police detectives, the suspect walked into the Widget
Financial branch at 1595 W. 26th St. about one hour and 15 minutes before the
First National Bank robbery, pulled out a gun and demanded money. When he was
told that the bank didn't have money in that area of the branch, the robber
started walking the manager to another area of the bank before suddenly turning
and fleeing, Erie police said.

Anyone with information on the Millcreek bank robberies is asked to call
township police at 833-7777.

TIM HAHN can be reached at 870-1731 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNhahn.

___ (c)2015 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150108-EI-Search-continues-for-pair-accused-of-robbing-Millcreek-bank-0108-201
50108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2015 Erie Times-News


                              458 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 12, 2009 Thursday

Former bakery associate loses BART contract

BYLINE: By Josh Richman THE CHAUNCEY BAILEY PROJECT

SECTION: POLITICS; My Town; Alameda; Commuting; News; Local

LENGTH: 498 words


A longtime Your Black Muslim Bakery associate with a checkered past in handling
public money lost a BART lighting-improvement contract worth up to $1 million
when he failed to provide certain documents by a Thursday-evening deadline.

But state funding for the project required that contracts be awarded by Oct. 31,
so it's unclear whether the North Berkeley station work can proceed. BART is
"exploring its options," spokesman Linton Johnson wrote in an e-mail to
reporters shortly after a joint venture led by Nedir Bey's Solar Eclipse Group
missed its 5 p.m. deadline and so terminated the contract that had been
conditionally awarded Oct. 30. Bey didn't return a call and an e-mail seeking
comment.

Bey, 48, born Victor Rene Foster, was a confidante and "spiritually adopted" son
of the late Yusuf Ali Bey, founder of Your Black Muslim Bakery. Once a respected
community institution, the bakery has been linked to decades of various frauds,
abuses of women and children, and violent episodes including several homicides.
Nedir Bey's own past includes a $1.1 million Oakland city loan in 1996 that was
never repaid and city council campaign matching funds questionably raised and
spent in 2002, all following a 1995 felony conviction from an incident in which
he and cohorts attacked someone.

Solar Eclipse was the original low bidder on a lighting and energy efficiency
contract for the North Berkeley and 12th Street/City Center stations, but its
bid was based on outdated information   Bey said he hadn't received an e-mailed
update   and so was rejected. When the project was reworked and rebid, LINC
Lighting & Electrical Group of San Jose was the low bidder and the only one
under the in-house estimate, so BART staff recommended that LINC get the
contract.

But directors Lynnette Sweet, Carole Ward Allen and Bob Franklin refused at
their Oct. 22 meeting, blaming BART staff for letting the bid process get so
close to the funding deadline and for letting a paperwork error foul up a low
bid from a minority-owned local small business. Berated by Bey and several
supporters, most of whom cited BART's often-rocky relations with minority
contractors, the board voted 8-0 to split the contract between LINC and Solar
Eclipse.

Solar Eclipse's base contract would have been for $562,129 worth of work at the
North Berkeley station; BART would have been able to exercise options for
another $438,000 worth of work. But Bey had failed to provide certain insurance,
bond and license documents by Oct. 31, so he was given until 5 p.m. Thursday to
file them.

LINC's work at the 12th Street station will proceed, and Johnson later Thursday
evening said BART's options might include letting LINC handle the North Berkeley
station work, too.

"We think we can move the funding to LINC ... since we did execute a contract
and we have someone eminently qualified," he said. "We're exploring those
options. We don't know 100 percent but we think we can."

Reach Josh Richman at jrichman@bayareanewsgroup.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Nedir Bey, a longtime Your Black Muslim Bakery associate with a
checkered past in handling public money, lost a BART lighting-improvement
contract worth up to $1 million when he failed to provide certain documents by a
Thursday-evening deadline. A longtime Your Black Muslim Bakery associate with a
checkered past in handling public money lost a BART lighting-improvement
contract worth up to $1 million when he failed to provide certain documents by a
Thursday-evening deadline. A longtime Your Black Muslim Bakery associate with a
checkered past in handling public money lost a BART lighting-improvement
contract worth up to $1 million when he failed to provide certain documents by a
Thursday-evening deadline. (D. Ross Cameron/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            April 13, 2006 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

FINANCIAL FAITH;
LOCAL CHURCHES INVESTING IN ONLINE BANK FOCUSED ON THE BLACK COMMUNITY

BYLINE: DAN FITZPATRICK, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 823 words


James Mundy's campaign to create a black-owned, Internet-only bank brought him
to Pittsburgh several times last December, his visits culminating in a series of
breakfasts, lunches and dinners at The Rivers Club with the Rev. William Curtis
of the Mount Ararat Baptist Church.

The trips from Boston paid off for Mr. Mundy.

In January, the East Liberty church became the first African-American church in
the country to invest money in Mr. Mundy's new national banking venture, called
BankBlackwell. While its investment was relatively small -- $50,000 -- the
participation of Pittsburgh's largest black church (7,500 members) knocked loose
similar-size investments from the Macedonia Baptist Church in the Hill District
and several churches in other states, including South Carolina, Georgia,
California, Michigan, Texas, Massachusetts and Washington, D.C.

Why invest the church's money?

While the Rev. Curtis, 39, believes most banks in Pittsburgh are "pretty
responsive" to the black community, the thought of creating a national black
-owned bank was too exciting to resist. "I want to see [BankBlackwell] succeed,"
he said.

BankBlackwell is targeting black churches nationwide in its effort to raise
$16.5 million in capital by June 23 -- a deadline set by regulators. Mr. Mundy
says he has $5 million to 6 million in hand now. The goal is to open the first
black-owned bank with a national footprint -- albeit without physical branches
-- and recycle the growing wealth of African Americans back into city
neighborhoods via mortgages, development assistance and financing for
traditional pillars of the African-American community, such as churches.

Banks -- the center of wealth in any community -- still are largely out of the
hands of African Americans. The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation lists only
45 black-owned institutions in the United States -- and none has more than $1
billion in assets. The largest is New York's Carver Federal Savings Bank, with
$648 million in assets. Most black-owned banks are regional in scope, focusing
almost exclusively on their cities of origin, and many find it difficult to
compete with the larger, better-financed banks in their communities.

Pittsburgh's only contribution to the national list is The Dwelling House
Savings & Loan Association, based in the Hill District. The Dwelling House,
which Robert Lavelle took over in 1957, was the first lender to target the
low-income Hill neighborhood, and it still provides credit to people who
otherwise would be turned down. Its asset base of $19.9 million ranks 40th
nationally, out of 45 black-owned institutions.

Mr. Mundy, the founder of BankBlackwell, is a former executive with Boston-based
OneUnited Bank, the second-largest African-American-owned bank in the country
with $540 million in assets. He left OneUnited in 2003 to create a bank without
any branches, operating entirely on the Internet. Other such cyber banks already
exist, but none is owned by an African American, according to Mr. Mundy.

OneUnited, Mr. Mundy's old employer, began offering online banking earlier this
year, saying it will open accounts for customers anywhere in the country.

Executives with OneUnited have argued that Mr. Mundy's idea will appeal only to
the affluent and that most customers still feel more comfortable placing their
money at physical banks -- rather than those that exist entirely in cyberspace.

Mr. Mundy admits that his target is middle- and upper-income black Americans,
citing the growth in black wealth across the United States. The number of black
households with more than $50,000 in income is up from 2 million in the early
1990s to almost 4 million a decade later, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.
And wealthy blacks are "more inclined than their white counterparts to make
purchasing decisions based on community or race," writes Mr. Mundy in a pitch to
potential investors.

It makes sense for Mr. Mundy to target black churches as part of his
fund-raising effort -- there are 70,000 in the United States with 21 million
members who tend to be wealthier and better educated than non-church goers, he
said. The woman who made many of the first introductions for Mr. Mundy in
Pittsburgh was 46-year-old Madelyn Toliver, a Mount Ararat church member and
independent human resources consultant.

And Mr. Mundy is not the only one to use black churches as a conduit for new
business. Chuck Sanders, for example, sponsors gospel concerts and hands out
leaflets after Sunday services as a way of promoting Urban Settlement Services,
a business that helps with real estate closings, and Urbanmortgage.com, a
company that provides home ownership loans. Retired Pittsburgh Steelers running
back Jerome Bettis is a partner in Urbanmortgage.com.

Relying on churches for investment capital is "something old that has become new
again," said Mr. Sanders, 41, who works from the Hill. "It's nothing that
African Americans didn't do 50 to 100 years ago."

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Dan Fitzpatrick can be reached at dfitzpatrick@post-gazette.com or
412-263-1752.

GRAPHIC: DRAWING: Daniel Marsula/Post-Gazette

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              460 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

GRIDDER'S KIN HUNTED IN SLAYINGS. COUSIN MAY BE TIED TO FATAL SCHEME

BYLINE: BY ALISON GENDAR, HENRICK KAROLISZYN and RICH SCHAPIRO DAILY NEWS
WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 586 words


POLICE are hunting for the cousin of ex-Jets linebacker Jonathan Vilma in
connection with the slayings of two African immigrants believed to have been
killed in retaliation for running a fake money swindle, police said yesterday.

Investigators believe that Vilma's cousin, who allegedly used a remote to allow
himself inside the NFL star's gated community in Woodbury, L.I., Thursday, may
be linked to the murders, police sources said.

"They want to talk to him," Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly said.

Vilma's unoccupied home was found splattered with blood and bleach and littered
with black paper - the material, investigators say, used by Sekou Sakor, 31, and
Ansu Keita, 32, in an elaborate fraud known as the "Black Money Scam."

In the scheme, which originated in western Africa, victims are told black
construction paper is actually money painted black that can only be cleaned with
a special chemical.

"It may have been discovered that in fact people were being defrauded, and that
they were killed in retaliation for this," Kelly said.

Kelly added that Vilma, 26, who moved out of the condo in 2007 and now plays for
the New Orleans Saints, is not believed to be connected to the scam or its fatal
end.

Still, detectives plan to interview Vilma to determine "how his cousin got
access," Kelly said.

Michael Tein, Vilma's lawyer, said his client has already spoken to cops and
will "continue to completely cooperate to help the police solve this crime."

"No one had permission to stay in or use that condo," Tein said. "It was all
without Jonathan's permission or knowledge."

Tein declined to comment on the nature of the relationship between Vilma and his
cousin.

The bodies of Sakor and Keita were dumped in Brooklyn and Queens. They each had
been shot once in the head, execution-style, cops said.

Cops believe Sakor and Keita may have been lured to Vilma's $900,000 pad before
they were slain.

Cop sources said that only Vilma's cousin, sister and a real estate agent had
access to his condo.

Police found black paper and bleach in the Bronx apartment the two Liberian
immigrants shared. Investigators also recovered a host of chemicals and Vitamin
C, which is used in the scam.

Abe Gutman, who sits on Eagle Chase's condo board, said the violence has shaken
residents of the luxury compound.

"It's a very quiet community," Gutman said. "I would never expect this type of
thing to happen in our community. It's just an incredible thing."

rschapiro@nydailynews.com

Graphic: ANATOMY OF A SCAM

Known as the "Black Money Scam," the elaborate scheme that led to the death of
two Liberian immigrants stretches from western Africa to New York and beyond.
Here's how it works:

1. Thousands of e-mails are sent out, alerting people that they have inherited
millions of dollars.

2. When people respond, they are told the money has been covered in black paint
to smuggle it out of the country.

3. They are asked to pay a fee to have the trunk of cash sent to their home
country.

4. More money is requested to complete the deal. When the victims become
suspicious, the scammers set up a meeting with associates in that country. The
victims are invited to check the contents of the trunk laden with black
construction paper.

5. The victims are told the painted cash can only be cleaned with a special
chemical they must pay for. The scammer will take a bill he coated with glue and
iodine and wash it off using a solution of water and Vitamin C.

6. The scammer leaves with the cash. More money is requested until the victim
finally gives up.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                              461 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                  September 21, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Clothes That Could Walk Off the Runway

Teresa Wiltz , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 800 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK, Sept. 20


We have a confession to make: Dissing designers makes for good sport. Never mind
that some poor artiste slaved over his/her creations for months. It's ever so
much fun to cock an eyebrow, curl a lip and snarl, "Who in their right mind
would ever wear that?"

The sad news is we can't really do that this season. (Of course, hope remains.
There are two days left of the women's spring ready-to-wear collections. Let's
hope someone dares to show something truly out of the box.)

Now we could bemoan the dearth of original ideas and the demise of truly
cutting-edge fashion as designers stick to the trite and true, recycling
classics from days gone by.  And we do bemoan. But basically: You can wear this
stuff. We would even wear this stuff--if, that is, we hadn't taken a
journalistic vow of poverty.

Judging from the phalanx of heavyweight retail buyers staked out at his show,
Ralph Lauren certainly hasn't taken any vows of poverty. No toiling away in a
garret for Ralph Lipshitz from da Bronx. But then again, he's peddling the idea
of old money, money, money, money. And it works. This time around, his
collection was truly a collection: Sixty-three carefully chosen pieces done up
in a limited palette: stark ebony, rich cream and deep, yummy chocolate.

He kicked things off by sending out a series in white leather. There was the
neat little white sleeveless shift trimmed in thick black piping; a crisp suit,
also featuring black piping, with a cropped jacket and sleek pants slung low
around the hips; and a skirt and jacket in creamy crocodile. He offered the
perfect white T-shirt, the cut-just-so black cashmere tank, the gotta-have-it
white button-down shirt and the sleek jersey dresses that skimmed and floated
over the body.

Here and there, he played with patterns, like the chevron-striped sequins
decorating jackets and tees in stark black and white, or the windowpane checks
of brown and cream marching over a leather coat.

These were clothes designed to flatter the figures of both younger and older
devotees, with trousers that hug curves and trousers that obscure them, like the
accordion-pleated evening pants that shimmered. For his finale, Lauren sent his
models back out onto the runway, this time sporting black tees emblazoned with a
pink Ralph Lauren logo. Hey, when it comes to making cold hard cash in the
fashion game, it's all about the logo.

At Donna Karan's DKNY, it was all about the presentation. Instead of showing, as
most designers did, in the Bryant Park tents, Karan opted to display her
secondary line in an art gallery deep in far-west Chelsea. (Watch your step, or
you'll end up in the Hudson River.)

Loved that postmodern, art-brut aesthetic of cramming fashionistas into a
factory-style freight elevator. The whole hierarchical seating thing has become
so elitist that we welcomed the chance to stand. Loved the irony of gazing at
gallery photos of beautiful and not-so-beautiful people sporting eyeglasses--and
then trying to see what was on the runway. What we did see was interesting, but
not inspiring. Karan seems to be perpetually toying with the idea of who her
DKNY customer is: Is she a hot young thing or is she a career woman who hankers
for a good suit?

Apparently, Karan has decided that she's both. And so there were pinstripe wool
bodysuits that plunged dangerously low in both front and back; boxy wool
jackets, also in pinstripe, and a similarly pinstriped bias-cut chiffon dress
with a nonexistent back that Jennifer Lopez would dig. Karan used butterscotch
leather to rig up a miniskirted suit and a trench coat. Evening wear was simple:
sequined tees and miniskirts in blue, gray and white.

Michael Kors, after serving up a retro '30s Art Deco collection last season,
this time around sent out an "anti-retro and pro style" collection that drew its
influences from Martha Graham, Millicent Rogers, Ali MacGraw and Lauren Hutton.

Clearly, judging from his Western-flavored belts, leathers and flat-heeled
boots, Kors has also been spending his time musing about being home on the
range. Earth tones ruled here, from the rawhide barrettes jammed into the
models' tousled 'dos to the rough-and-ready suedes and thick leather belts. With
the proliferation of nubby knits, wafer-thin shearlings and yes, fur, we had to
remind ourselves that we were checking out Kors's spring collection and not his
rethinking of this fall. Still, the clothes were lovely, evoking a casual,
unstudied glamour.

We couldn't dis them. And so we sought our entertainment elsewhere, giggling at
the gaggle of society "it" girls staking out the front row at Kors, modeling the
hot new accessory among the moneyed set: the bulging belly. This season,
apparently, it's good breeding to show that you're breeding.




LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              462 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            August 26, 2006 Saturday

Run of robberies hits B&A Trail

BYLINE: HEATHER RAWLYK; Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1016  words


She wasn't always this way.

But after hearing of various crimes occurring along the trail system recently,
Glen Burnie resident Susan McLamb said she doesn't have a choice.

The runner insists on bringing two things along with her on her bi-weekly jogs
on the Baltimore & Annapolis Trail - a running buddy and a mace key chain.

"You hear stories and you don't know which ones are true, but you know you ought
(to) take them all seriously," McLamb said. "I realize I'm not Wonder Woman. Bad
things can happen to me."

And a string of bad things have been happening along the trail in the past two
months, county police said.

Since June 20, there have been seven robberies - four involving weapons - on the
B&A Trail.

The most recent robberies occurred on three consecutive nights in early August,
in the same vicinity, with similar suspect descriptions.

On Aug. 12, a 33-year-old woman said three black men approached her on the trail
near Marley Station Mall around 7:45 p.m. and asked to borrow her cell phone,
said Lt. David Waltemeyer, county police spokesman. The men grabbed the phone
and ran away.

The previous night, a 47-year-old man was riding his bicycle just north of the
mall around 8 p.m. when a black male threw a bicycle in front of him, causing
him to crash. Once the man was on the ground, two more black men appeared with
metal pipes in hand and demanded his money. The man gave them what he had and
then all the men fled toward the Ferndale area.

The night before that, Aug. 10, a 14-year-old boy told police he was walking the
trail near the mall around 7:20 p.m. when three black men confronted him, pushed
him to the ground and stole his bookbag.

County Department of Recreation & Parks officials sent letters Monday warning
residents living in communities along the 15.5-mile stretch of the B&A Trail,
which runs from Jonas Green Park in Annapolis to Dorsey Road in Glen Burnie, of
the recent crimes.

On July 30, a 37-year-old man and 38-year-old woman were bicycling the trail
near Round Bay Road in Severna Park around 5 p.m. when two men, one of them with
a gun, knocked them off their bikes and demanded money, county police said. Then
the man told them they didn't have any money, one of the men hit him in the head
with the handgun. The robbers then grabbed the woman's backpack, which contained
her credit cards and cell phone, before running away. The man and woman were
treated for minor injuries at Anne Arundel Medical Center.

On July 27, a 15-year-old boy was confronted by three black men near Hoyle Lane
in the Severna Park area around 11:30 p.m. They took the boy's sneakers, cell
phone, and basketball jersey.

On July 22, a 16-year-old boy approached by two black and one white man just
south of the Route 100 pedestrian bridge around 9:30 p.m. The men asked the boy
for a cigarette and then pulled out a handgun, robbed him and ran away.

On June 20, a 16-year-old boy said a 15- to 18-year-old, black or Hispanic man
stepped out in front of him near Hoyle Lane in the Severna Park area around 6:30
p.m. He threatened him with a box cutter and stole several items, county police
said.

"It is unusual for incidents of this type to occur on our trails and it is a
shock to realize that crime can occur even in our own backyards," county
officials wrote.

The statement said the B&A Trail has similar public safety incidents as other
trails in the country, and that while they are not magnets for crime, they are
not immune from it either.

County officials said the trail system is as safe as the Department of
Recreation and Parks can make it. Park rangers and TrailBlazer volunteers said
they conduct daily patrols and safety inspections to ensure a safe environment.

Anne Peret, county recreation specialist, said rangers have been patrolling more
frequently following the spikes in crime in certain areas.

County police have also stepped up patrol along the B&A Trail, Lt. Waltemeyer
said. He said county police have increased bike and tactical patrols along the
trail - specifically near Marley Station Mall.

Five of the recent incidents occurred just north or south of the mall. The
others occurred in the Severna Park area, which has seen its share of crime
along the trail.

In August 2004, a then 24-year-old woman was dragged off the trail in Severna
Park and raped at knife point. The woman was walking on the trail when Harvey
Edward Brown, a 28-year-old living in a shack nearby, grabbed her, put a knife
to her throat and led her into the woods, where he raped her.

The Capital does not identify rape victims. Mr. Brown was sentenced to life in
prison in November 2005.

Lt. Waltemeyer and Ms. Peret said these broad-daylight incidents are rare and
that most crimes along the trail system occur at night, when the paths are
closed to visitors.

"Officially, our parks are closed at dusk - they're not meant to be a public
space after that time so our rangers are off-duty," Ms. Peret said.

Three of the seven recent incidents happened after 8 p.m.

County police encourage visitors to use the trails during daylight hours and to
travel with others whenever possible. Lt. Waltemeyer said to watch out for
certain ploys, such as a person asking for a dollar, cigarette, or to use a cell
phone.

He has also seen other schemes, such as a person acting injured.

"I've seen it where a male is laying on the side of the trail, saying he's hurt,
and asks a woman if she'd come into the woods and help him," he said. "We
certainly would want them to get help by calling 911, but I'd discourage them
from going off the trail."

These sort of precautions may prevent certain incidents, but do not guarantee
safety, county officials said.

"The victims from Sunday's (July 30) incident could have done all these things
and they would still have experienced the same frightening scenario," officials
said in the written statement. "That type of ambush attack is completely in the
control of the criminal who can wait for just the right victims at just the
right place and time.

"They will strike only when the odds are in their favor. We have no practical
way to predict when or where they may act."

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              463 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Black fights back but could lose it all

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO -- With numerous lawsuits claiming hundreds of millions of dollars in
damages from Conrad Black for allegedly looting the corporate coffers of
Hollinger International, there may be little left of his personal fortune.

The worst-case scenario for Black may never come to pass, since he and the firms
he controls have repeatedly denied wrongdoing and are putting up a vigorous
legal fight.

But in the post-Enron era of corporate scrutiny, when people such as
home-decoration diva Martha Stewart and a host of other corporate executives
face fines and jail time for their business dealings, it's unlikely Black will
emerge unscathed.

In fact, the front-page publicity that the Hollinger special committee report
received in major U.S. papers will provide added incentive for the Securities
and Exchange Commission to investigate Black and others named in the report.

"I don't think it ranks with Martha Stewart, because Martha Stewart was part of
the popular culture," said Robert Meyers, a securities lawyer in New York with
Dewey Ballantine LLP, referring to the non-stop coverage of Stewart's trial.

However, he said Black is in much the same situation as former Enron executives,
who weren't known until the Houston-based energy company suddenly collapsed.
That has resulted in companies and individuals paying hundreds of millions of
dollars in fines and other financial penalties in settlements with the SEC.

"The SEC is not shy about coming after people for lots of money," said Ivan
Knauer, a securities lawyer with Pepper Hamilton in Washington, D.C., who
defends companies and individuals.

"It is at least conceivable that, at the end of the day, some of these
individuals will end up bankrupt and riding the bus."

A three-man special committee of Hollinger's directors, formed last year to
examine concerns from minority shareholders, alleges Black and others diverted
$400 million US to themselves and their companies through various means.

Many of the report's allegations had previously been made in a lawsuit filed by
the company that it's seeking $1.2 billion US in damages from Black and other
defendants.

While Black is fighting that case vigorously, he has already paid several
million dollars to Hollinger International, part of the money he received as
non-compete fees when the company sold some of its papers.

But as an indirect shareholder, Black may be entitled to some of the proceeds
from the recent sale of the London Telegraph or any other money distributed by
Hollinger International to shareholders.

"Anything that's collected out of one of his pockets goes right back into the
other," said Peter Greene, a securities lawyer with the Toronto firm Affleck
Greene Orr LLP.

In addition, none of the allegations levelled against him by a special committee
of Hollinger's board of directors has been proved in court. Legal experts say
the report itself can't be used in court.

"The best way to look at this report is as a potential blueprint for government
charges against individuals named in the report," said Jacob Frenkel, a former
SEC enforcement lawyer.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Canadian Press; Conrad Black (left) and his wife Barbara
Amiel may find their lifestyle seriously curtailed if investors and regulators
succeed.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              May 30, 2008 Friday
                                  City Edition

Utility regulator seeks funding for a nuclear power plant study

BYLINE: Jack Money, Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 977 words


The old news Geiger counter is beginning to tick.

Jeff Cloud, chairman of Oklahoma's Corporation Commission, is embarking on a
quest to get state money to determine the feasibility of building a nuclear
power plant within the state.

Cloud said he believes the source needs to be studied as a way to help meet
Oklahomans' future energy needs, and that utility companies need some financial
incentives to do that.

This week, Cloud did not list a dollar amount he would be seeking from
Oklahoma's Legislature and governor to pay for a study. But he said the money is
needed.

"A lot of our surrounding states - Kansas, Arkansas, Missouri and Texas - have
nuclear power plants already," Cloud said. "Now, plants are being proposed to be
built in a standardized way. But for utilities, there is a huge amount of risk
from a regulatory and financially when they try to get a plant study.

"They will need to do extensive studies, to identify and acquire a site, to
design the plant, and they could be turned down. It is worth Oklahoma
considering removing some of that up-front risk."

The historical perspective  An Oklahoma utility company has looked at building a
nuclear power plant before.

During the 1970s, Public Service Company of Oklahoma spent $270 million to
engineer and build the Black Fox nuclear plant that was to operate near Inola.

But after problems like the 1979 accident at the Three Mile Island reactor in
Pennsylvania, the nation lost its appetite for nuclear energy.

Projects were canceled, including Black Fox in 1982. When that project was shut
down, only a fraction of its construction had been done.

Black Fox also was controversial. An Oklahoman woman, Carrie Dixon, led the
fight against the plant. Dixon, a teacher, nutritionist, baker, mother, wife and
farmer, had to sell her farm to pay her legal bills. She died in 2006.

Upon her successful bid to halt the nuclear plant, she said, "Our children won't
have that legacy to live with."

Commissioner Cloud said he remembers debates, both on a state and national
level.

"It was political, and almost cultural," he said. "I remember the 'no nukes'
movement, the scare over Three Mile Island, and "The China Syndrome."

"Nearly all of these plants, though, like the one in Arkansas, have been there
for a long, long time. People are realizing that they are safe."

What about the waste?  A political trip wire these days, he said, is the
question about what to do with a plant's waste. While the federal government has
designated a site in Nevada for disposal, the site is not yet available.

Plants are storing spent rods on-site until that question can be resolved, he
said.

Meanwhile, Oklahoma's Legislature conducted an interim study on the topic about
a year ago. State Rep. Doug Cox, R-Grove, asked for the study. Cox said Thursday
he would be willing to carry a bill with Cloud's request for the funding.

"Given today's fuel prices, I believe people would be more agreeable" to nuclear
power, Cox said, adding that Oklahoma needs to be offering the same types of
study incentives being offered by surrounding states today.

Why nuclear power?  Oklahoma Corporation Commissioner Jeff Cloud lists as some
of nuclear power's advantages:

Environment

He notes the power source is clean today, meaning it would not pollute the
environment as it produces electricity. Coal, as a contrast, produces a
significant part of the nation's carbon dioxide emissions.

Cost

Cloud said the power source comes with a stable cost, protecting consumers from
significant changes in their bills when fuels used to generate electricity go up
or down in cost.

Jobs

The commissioner observed that building a plant in Oklahoma would be good from
an economic perspective, creating construction and operational jobs.

What do utilities say?  Oklahoma's two regulated electric utility companies said
this week they have been focusing on meeting their customers' short-term energy
needs by adding generation capacity through gas-fired power plants and wind
energy. Long-term, though, company officials agree Oklahoma should consider
whether nuclear power is a viable energy source.

PSO  Stuart Solomon, president and chief operating officer of PSO, said
Wednesday he believes the question is one of vital importance.

"There is no question that costs are rising to produce electricity," Solomon
said, "and you can see that with our price for natural gas going up more than 40
percent, just in the past year.

Solomon said utilities have only three options to add base load capacity to
their electrical systems - coal, natural gas and nuclear. The Corporation
Commission voted in 2007 to deny authorizing pre-approval costs for building a
coal plant, prompting both PSO and Oklahoma Gas and Electric Co. to abandon
undertaking that project. Natural gas prices, meanwhile, have increased
dramatically.

And the cost of conducting a feasibility study for nuclear power is an expensive
one, he added.

"We are going to need all of those sources of capacity going forward, in
addition to renewable resources like wind," Solomon said. "We are going to need
the whole spectrum of energy sources to meet customer demand and continue to
drive the economy and forward in the state and country. I believe it is
important we have all of these sources on the table, available to us."

OG&E  Brian Alford, a spokesman for Oklahoma Gas and Electric Co., said more and
more utilities across the country are re-examining nuclear power as a generation
source because they all need broad arrays of sources to meet future needs.

An in-depth evaluation could cost potentially tens of millions of dollars, he
said.

Alford said OG&E applauds state Corporation Commissioner Jeff Cloud's
willingness to explore the issue.

Cloud said he is thinking long-term about Oklahoma's energy future.

"We are going to need power from all types of sources," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Our commitment to accuracy: Carrie Dickerson, who led the fight against
the Black Fox nuclear power plant in northeast Oklahoma, was incorrectly
identified Friday in the Business section. (05/31/08)

GRAPHIC: (nuclear power plant photo illustration) - PHOTO ILLUSTRATION BY CHRIS
SCHOELEN, THE OKLAHOMAN GRAPHICS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 20, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Victory Slipping Away for Black Farmers;
USDA, Justice Dept. Thwart Payouts to Most in Landmark Settlement, Report Says

BYLINE: Darryl Fears, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A15

LENGTH: 738 words


The Department of Agriculture has denied payments to almost 90 percent of black
farmers who sought compensation for discrimination under a landmark court
settlement the agency reached with African American growers five years ago,
according to a report set for release today by a Washington-based environmental
group.

A two-year investigation by the Environmental Working Group found that USDA
officials contracted Justice Department lawyers to aggressively fight the
farmers' claims after the settlement of the $3 billion class-action lawsuit. Of
the 94,000 growers who sought restitution for discrimination in a process set up
by the court, 81,000 were turned away, the report says.

The report, funded by the Ford Foundation, said the USDA's actions "willfully
obstructed justice" and "deliberately undermined" the spirit of the settlement.

Vernon Parker, USDA assistant secretary for civil rights, was traveling to
Yakima, Wash., to visit Latino farmers and could not comment. His spokesman, Ed
Lloyd, took issue with the report's conclusion.

Lloyd said the court sought to appoint an independent arbitrator to oversee
individual claims under the settlement. USDA provides information regarding each
farmer's case to an arbitrator and then steps out of the way, Lloyd said.

The settlement came in a class-action lawsuit that claimed the USDA
discriminated against black farmers in providing loans and other aid. Under its
terms, black farmers could file for compensation along two tracks. Track A
promised an automatic payment of $50,000 if a claim was approved. Track B, which
provided the possibility of greater compensation, required a hearing before
restitution could be made.

According to the report, about 40 percent of the 22,100 farmers whose claims
were reviewed under Track A were denied. Of the 173 farmers who filed cases
under Track B, only 18 won compensation. Arbitrators never reviewed an
additional 72,000 claims, saying they were filed late.

Linwood Brown, who grew tobacco, corn and soybeans in Brunswick County, Va.,
south of Richmond, received $490,000 for his discrimination claim, but he said
he was challenged at every step.

"They challenged it for four or five years, saying that wrongdoing is not the
same thing as discrimination," Brown said. "They said I must be able to prove
that I was discriminated against and show that a white farmer got his money on
time. I was able to do that because I kept records."

Brown and John Boyd, another Virginia farmer, said discrimination in the state
was routine.

"I know quite a few farmers who were turned away" even though their cases were
similar to his, Brown said. "The white farmers got money on time," he said. "
Black farmers didn't get money on time. We always got turned down."

Federal lawyers fought claims aggressively, the farmers said, forcing growers to
present documents that were hard to find in incidents that were almost a decade
old.

The Justice Department spent 56,000 hours of attorney and paralegal time
challenging 129 claims, and billed USDA $12 million, according to the
Environmental Working Group report.

Carolyn Cooksie, USDA deputy administrator of farm loans, said time and money
was spent to have Farm Service Agency and Justice officials review the claims.

Black farmers, particularly those in the southern United States, complained of
discrimination by USDA long before farmer Timothy Pigford filed a lawsuit
against USDA in 1997.

During the process, other black farmers joined the suit and the agency admitted
to discrimination throughout its system, which denied black farmers loans and
other resources that white farmers received. Native American and Latino farmers
have similar class-action claims pending against USDA.

The lawsuit came when black farmers were on the verge of extinction. There were
nearly 1 million at the end of the 1920s, but fewer than 30,000 exist today.

For the farmers, many of whom were hundreds of thousands of dollars in debt, the
settlement offered hope that they could continue farming.

Within days of hearing the settlement terms, black farmer organizations
complained that their lawyers had failed them.

"The . . . settlement is a complete failure," said Arianne Callender, a lawyer
for the group, known as EWG. "In part, it was the plaintiffs' lawyers who failed
them. But USDA took advantage of every aspect of the court's rules and the
settlement's shortcomings to avoid responsibility."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              466 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       April 8, 2001 Sunday, Home Edition

Officials: 'Black tax' scam preys on the elderly

BYLINE: Ernie Suggs

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 1586 words


Tanga Oakes is patiently waiting in Stone Mountain. Her niece, Tammy Polk, and
her friends and neighbors are waiting in the small town of Leakesville, Miss.

During this tax season, Oakes, Polk and thousands of other black Southerners are
awaiting their "40 acres and a mule," more than $40,000 apiece in reparations
some say are owed them because their ancestors were slaves.

"I feel like it was worth the effort," Oakes said. "Indians have gotten money.
Japanese people have gotten money. We haven't been reparated for it at all."

But Oakes might be in for a long wait.

Recently, the Internal Revenue Service announced that thousands of black people
across the country are being conned into filing for a nonexistent "Slave
Reparation Act" or "black tax" credit with an amended tax form. But there is no
law providing for a tax credit as slave reparations, and anyone filing a tax
claim for reparations after they receive a denial notice from the IRS can be
fined $500.

Over the last six months, about 100,000 such claims have been rejected in
Georgia alone, according to Mark Green, an IRS spokesman. He said it is hard to
estimate how many people across the nation have filed such claims because of the
volume of filings the IRS gets during tax season.

"African-Americans should not let themselves be victimized by this," said Green.
"This is a national scam that has been around since 1994."

Now, all across the country, blacks --- mostly older and living in rural areas
--- have allowed people to file for illegal tax credits on their behalf. They
have been convinced to pay $50 to $500 to individuals who say they will help
them receive long-overdue money from the government.

Green said the scam comes in several forms. Aside from the phony tax filing,
victims are also being told to attach a form listing thousands of dollars in tax
withholdings that never occurred.

In the past few months, black senior citizens in some Southern states, including
Arkansas, North Carolina and Mississippi, have received letters saying they were
eligible for $5,000 in slave reparations or Social Security reimbursements. The
letters included requests for Social Security numbers. Arkansas Attorney General
Mark Pryor says the letters are an attempt to get "personal information from
seniors."

Beyond the scams, reparations have been the topic of legitimate discussions.
Since 1989, U.S. Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.) has sponsored a House bill to form
a commission to study slave reparations. Such groups as the NAACP and Urban
League have raised the issue. In February, the first National Reparations
Convention was held in Chicago, followed by a conference at Fisk University in
Nashville.

But not everyone supports reparations. Several college newspapers in the past
few weeks have run columnist David Horowitz's anti-reparations ad, "Ten Reasons
Why Reparations for Slavery is a Bad Idea --- and Racist Too." The ad prompted
protests from some students.

"We have dealt with several people who have been approached," said Houston
County Police Sgt. Tony Brown, who has launched an investigation into
reparations scams. "Sometimes what sounds good is not always true."

Oakes, said she heard about it from friends who live in Statesboro.

The reparations debate has helped make the prospect of collecting money from the
IRS seem real.

"This is widespread and it will not go away. In those small towns, you have one
preacher preaching against it and another one preaching for it," said Bill Cloud
of the Georgia Governor's Office of Consumer Affairs. "We know this isn't true
and we tell people this isn't true. People just don't want to believe it."

Michael Dobzinski, spokesman for the IRS in South Florida, said last week that
the scam has been a problem there since August.

In an effort to raise awareness of possible scams, the IRS in South Florida made
note of slave reparations in its February newsletter. The IRS' criminal
investigators have become involved, being on alert for scam artists. They are
getting the word out through the media and at churches.

Cloud said solving the problem is like catching smoke --- hard to get a handle
on. He said people are not filing complaints about it because they are either
embarrassed or weary of the government, or hope something will happen.

"It is kind of like catching smoke. You can't get somebody to make a complaint,"
said Cloud. "People are hoping they are going to get something. For a lot of the
people spending their $50, it is almost like buying a lottery ticket. They
think, 'If this is true, I am on the list.' Whose list it is? I have no clue."

IRS spokesman Green said the scam comes in several forms. Aside from the phony
tax claim, victims are also being told to attach a form listing thousands of
dollars in tax withholdings that never occurred.

One slave reparations letter circulating in the South was targeted at those born
"prior to the year of 1928 and of the black ethnic race." That letter implies
the federal government is seeking individuals entitled to payments under a
supposed "Slave Reparation Act."

Another letter is targeted at people born between 1917 and 1926. It says these
"notch babies" are due $5,000 apiece because of a glitch in Social Security
collections.

Letters are circulated in black churches and senior centers, and they instruct
people to submit their name, address, telephone number and Social Security
number to the fictitious "National Victims Registrar" in Washington.

"The biggest danger is not losing their $50, but losing their identity," Cloud
said about forms asking for Social Security numbers. "If you give somebody the
front page of your tax return, they have all they need to build an identify in
your name."

Oakes said when she heard about the "black tax" from friends in Statesboro, she
told Polk about it. Polk encouraged her Leakesville neighborhood to apply, as
well as her husband, three nieces, two nephews and brother-in-law, at $51 a pop.

"Everybody in this town has filed for it," she said. "One of my neighbors just
got his papers back the other day."

Polk said she knew nothing about the "black tax" until her aunt told her about
it and had her contact a man named Joseph Jordan in Montezuma, Ga.

Among those encouraging the pursuit of immediate reparations payments is the
Self Determination Committee, an organization, according to its Web site, "born
. . . to educate the African of slave descent on how to become self determined."
Its president is Robert Brock.

Repeated calls to Brock were not returned. Green would not confirm or deny an
IRS investigation, but noted that several federal agencies would have reason to
investigate Brock.

"According to him, Congress has voted on this and passed it. But there is
nothing on the books and although slavery reparations have been addressed,
Congress, nor the president, has signed a proclamation to give those credits
out. There is no law," Green said.

Polk said Jordan told her about the "black tax" and said the government had
cheated blacks out of taxes for 60 years.

"And he said Robert Brock went to court and won a $357 million case and this was
part of that money," said Polk.

To get her share, Polk said, Jordan told her to send him $50, plus her 1997,
1998 or 1999 tax forms, and she would get $43,209. Polk was asked to send the
money in the form of a money order and write "gift" on the memo line.

Polk sent him all the requested records and the payment. She then received a
1040X form, for amended tax form, to file with the IRS. After she filed the
1040X, the IRS sent her a letter warning that her claim was bogus. Cloud said
one reason the scam has been successful is that reparations has been a hot issue
over the last decade. He said con artists rely on a little bit of truth, coupled
with uninformed victims to make their cons more believable.

The original plan for slave reparations dates to the end of the Civil War and
the end of 400 years of slavery in America. In 1865, Union Gen. William T.
Sherman issued an order to give each newly freed black family 40 acres and a
mule. Although thousands of acres of confiscated land in the South were briefly
set aside to provide the land, President Andrew Johnson rescinded the program
and allowed former Confederates to reclaim the property.

Activists seeking reparations for black Americans note that there is precedent.

In 1988, the United States formally apologized to Japanese-Americans interned in
camps during World War II and Congress authorized reparations of $20,000 for
each of 60,000 survivors. Compensation also has been paid to American Indians
for confiscated land.

Both Polk and Oakes said they have been sent actual newspaper and magazine
articles about reparations and the black tax. They also sent her a copy of a
$40,000 check from the government to a woman who filed for the credit, further
legitimizing his claims.

But Green said that is wrong.

"Some people have gotten checks for $40,000, although none in Georgia," said
Green. "They were mistakes and (Brock) gets these checks and shows them to
people and say "see, this is what you can get." But we process a million amended
claims a year and there have been places throughout the nation were people were
mistakenly given checks. But they will be sending us that money back."


Free-lance writers Joe Frisaro and Suzi Parker contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: April 09, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.) has pushed for a study of black reparations. But
until there's such a law, trying to cash in on so-called "black tax" credits is
illegal --- and possibly part of scams to steal identities. / DAVID J. PHILLIP /
Associated Press

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              468 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     October 11, 2003 Saturday CITY EDITION

'BLACK MONEY SCAM' ALLEGED

BYLINE: AMY MAYRON, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 437 words


Federal prosecutors charged two men Friday with trying to scam a Minneapolis
business owner by claiming they would give him a percentage of a large amount of
cash covered in some type of black substance if he invested in a chemical to
clean it.

The con is known as a "black money scam" and happens occasionally, although this
could be the first incident of it in Minnesota, said Brian Snyder, special agent
in charge of the Minneapolis field office of the U.S. Secret Service, which
investigates cases involving U.S. currency.

A criminal complaint filed Friday charged Youseph Idriss and Trokom Moore with
conspiring with the intent to defraud by knowingly passing altered U.S.
currency. Idriss, who was arrested Friday, told authorities he was from Liberia
but has been in Minnesota about three months. Moore remained at large.

The complaint alleges the following: On Sept. 15, Idriss allegedly told Won Kim,
the owner of a Northeast Minneapolis sporting goods business, that he was
royalty visiting from Liberia and wanted to buy his business. He told Kim he had
millions of dollars covered in a black substance that could be removed only with
a very expensive chemical.

Two days later, Idriss and Moore went to the business, where they performed a
demonstration of how the chemical would work on two $100 bills. Idriss claimed
he had an additional $1.5 million in blackened currency and asked Kim to pay him
$30,000 to buy the chemical.

After exchanging multiple phone calls, Kim and a second victim, Steve Rhee,
agreed to give Idriss and Moore the money with the promise that they would
receive $60,000 in repayment once the money was cleaned.

The victims soon realized they had been defrauded and contacted the Secret
Service. On Oct. 6, an undercover agent met with Idriss, who asked the agent to
pay him $22,000 for more chemicals. A few days later, Idriss gave a similar
demonstration to the undercover agent using real money.

Although he would not talk specifically about the Minnesota case, Synder said
many such con artists come up with very creative stories about why the money is
covered in a black substance. One such story is that during World War II, the
Philippine government hid large amounts of cash that they covered with the
substance in anticipation of the U.S. occupation there. "It takes really a lot
of imagination to think it's credible," Synder said. "But some people believe it
and give money, and that's what the con artist is counting on."

Amy Mayron, who covers Minneapolis public safety, can be reached at
amayron@pioneerpress.com or 612- 338-6872.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              469 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Black applies for dismissal of remaining convictions; Lawyers argue he was
deprived of the right to counsel when condo-sale proceeds seized

BYLINE: CP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Conrad Black's lawyers have filed a motion asking to have his remaining
convictions dismissed on the basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" the
former media baron of his right to an attorney.

The request, filed Mon-day in a U.S. district court in Chicago, centres around
law enforcement's seizure of proceeds from the sale of his New York apartment,
which Black purchased from his company Hollinger in 2000 for $3 million U.S. and
later sold for $9 million U.S.

Black's lawyers argue prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two warrants to
seize the assets by concealing in-formation that would have undermined their
case for taking the money.

The former media magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for $9 million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale wasn't
available to Black, his lawyers argue that denied him his right to counsel.

"Conrad Black was intentionally deprived of his right to the counsel of his
choice by knowing of false statements made to the courts by the government as to
its right to seize property," lawyer William Kane argues.

"The deceptive affidavit in support of the pre-indictment seizures of Mr.
Black's assets spun a tale of fraud surrounding the purchase and transfer of the
Manhattan apartment by and between Mr. Black and his company as a basis for
seizing the apartment proceeds."

The filing accuses prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims that Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a purchase
price of $3 million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had paid for it
initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Carolyn Gurland, one of Black's lawyers, said in an interview Monday the
government knew that Black had put $4.6 million U.S. of his own money into the
apartment, thereby raising his investment in the apartment to $7.6 million, but
didn't include documents that reflected that.

"The very documents that they used and did not attach to the documents they
filed to the court to seize his assets contained the very information that made
it clear he wasn't guilty of anything," she said.

"It's not like they didn't have the documents, they had them they just chose not
to attach them ... and they chose to quote what they wanted to from them and
it's a real problem."

Black, who was released from prison last month, would be cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his lawyers' request is successful. The request will
be heard by Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge who presided over
Black's initial fraud charges.

His lawyers say charges related to the Manhattan apartment had no foundation and
were filed to keep Black from his right to an attorney. They add the violation
of Black's rights cannot be overlooked because the government's action does not
fall into one of the limited number of reasons it can legally deprive an accused
person of their right to a lawyer. They say the result "infected" Black's trial,
which means the remaining convictions against him should be dismissed.

"Mr. Black comes before this tribunal one more time to ask for redress of what
was a major constitutional violation born of the overreaching of certain members
of the prosecution team," it said.

The filing states while it is too late to "turn back the clock" and allow Black
access to his chosen lawyers, but not too late to overturn his convictions. That
would al-low Black to defend himself against a continuing legal battle with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and allow him to return to the United
States.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHRIS YOUNG CANADIAN PRESS; Former media magnate Conrad Black's lawyers
argued Monday that their client was denied due process by the actions of
prosecutors in the United States.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              470 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

Black lowers the price on his Palm Beach mansion

BYLINE: Paul Waldie

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; BUSINESS TICKER; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 433 words


Conrad Black has dropped the price of his Florida mansion in an effort to get
the property sold quickly.

Lord Black put the 20,000 square foot house in Palm Beach, Fla., up for sale
last year at $37-million (U.S.). However, he recently dropped the price to
$35.5-million after getting scant offers.

"It had been very quiet," said Linda Gary, the real estate agent handling the
sale.

Lord Black bought the oceanfront house in 1997 for $9.9-million and added a
number of features. The home includes six bedrooms, a movie theatre, marble
floors, an elevator and a tunnel to the beach.

Ms. Gary said she was contacted several weeks ago by Lord Black's
representatives and officials in the U.S. Department of Justice who told her to
get the property sold.

Lord Black has been charged by the U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of
Illinois with fraud, money laundering and racketeering over allegations he used
his position at Chicago-based Hollinger International Inc. to take more than
$80-million. Lord Black has pleaded not guilty and none of the allegations has
been proved. Three other former company executive have also been charged and
pleaded not guilty.

Lord Black was released on $20-million bail, which is largely secured by the
Florida property. Under the terms of his bail conditions, if the Palm Beach
mansion is sold, all the proceeds must be put into escrow "even if proceeds are
in excess of currently secured bond amount."

Lord Black has about $8-million in equity in the home and there is also a
$13-million (Canadian) charge on the property by Canadian tax officials.

Ms. Gary said she has been assured that none of the bail conditions will affect
the buyer. "It will be a regular transaction just like we normally do," she
said. "They'll get clear title."

She added that now that the price has been lowered, she has been fielding a
number of inquiries. "I showed it twice last week and I have two more showings
coming up this following week."

Lord Black has not been in the house recently, she said, but it is still
completely furnished and "shows beautifully."

"I feel confident that we will get it sold in the next month," she said.

Lord Black has been spending most of his time at his home in Toronto. He sold
his house in London for roughly $30-million. He also sold an apartment in New
York for $8.5-million (U.S.) but that money has been seized by prosecutors.

Lord Black borrowed $32.3-million (Canadian) in 2004 and secured it with his
Toronto home. However, most of that loan was repaid with the proceeds of his
London mansion.

He still owes about $11-million.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              471 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 21, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Ex-Official Of BET Given Prison Term

Paul Farhi, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE D10

LENGTH: 205 words


The former chief financial officer of District-based Black Entertainment
Television was sentenced yesterday to 30 months in prison for embezzling $ 1.9
million in company funds from January 1988 to September 1992.

Antonia O. Duncan, 42, pleaded guilty in January to one count of interstate
transportation of money obtained by fraud. The sentence was pronounced in U.S.
District Court in Washington by Judge Joyce Hens Green.

Duncan, a resident of Chantilly, perpetrated the fraud by creating six bogus
production companies that she told the company had rendered goods and services
to BET. She then made out corporate checks to these bogus firms, and
fraudulently obtained signatures from BET's chief executive, Robert Johnson. The
firms' addresses were actually mail drops in Virginia and California.

Duncan used the money to buy real estate in Delaware and Virginia, among other
things, according to U.S. Attorney Eric H. Holder Jr.

A company audit in 1992 turned up the deception.

Duncan is required to make full restitution to BET as part of her sentence, but
a spokesman for Holder said it wasn't clear how much of the stolen money would
be returned.

An assistant to Johnson said BET had no comment on the case.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post

                              472 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               June 03, 1999, Thursday, O South Pinellas Edition

Ex-Gator says agent gave money

BYLINE: JOANNE KORTH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 573 words



A lawyer for agent William "Tank" Black disputes the report, says police coerced
players to change stories.

Former University of Florida football player Johnny Rutledge has admitted to
accepting monthly payments of $ 500 for a span of one year during his college
career from agent William "Tank" Black.

"I don't want to go into how it was given or anything like that," Rutledge told
Florida Today on Tuesday. "I really just want to get it behind me and move on,
move to my new team and my new city and leave it all in the past."

Rutledge, a linebacker drafted in the second round by the Arizona Cardinals, is
one of four members of Florida's 1998 team linked to a University of Florida
Police investigation of Black. Contacted on Wednesday, Rutledge refused to
confirm that he accepted money.

"I really don't want to talk about it," he said.

Rutledge told Florida Today that he and UF linebacker Jevon Kearse and defensive
tackle Reggie McGrew admitted taking money when questioned by the UF police in
May. A fourth player, Mike Peterson, also was interviewed by police. All four
players signed with Black but fired him soon after the NFL draft as news of the
investigation became public.

Black's attorney, Leonard Mungo, said all four players exonerated Black during
interviews with the UF police in April but that police coerced Rutledge and
Kearse into changing their stories in a second round of interviews in May.
According to Mungo, McGrew made no such admission.

"I talked with two of the keystone cops down there and they intimated to me that
they were not happy with statements those players had given under oath," said
Mungo, who plans to ask the U.S. Attorney's Office to investigate the way the UF
police have handled the investigation. "Just because Rutledge and Kearse were
coerced into statements contrary to the truthful ones they made under oath in
April does not mean Tank has done anything wrong."

Kearse, McGrew and Peterson could not be reached for comment Wednesday, with
family members saying all three had reported to their new NFL cities: Kearse as
a first-round choice of Tennessee, McGrew a first-round choice of San Francisco
and Peterson a second-round choice of Indianapolis.

McGrew's father, Taylor McGrew, declined to comment Wednesday.

Peterson's father, Porter Peterson Jr., said his son told him he did not take
money.

"We maintain his innocence," said Peterson, whose family lives in Alachua, 20
miles outside Gainesville. "Mike grew up in the Gainesville area. To pick up the
paper every day and read about this is not a pleasant feeling for us. But I'm a
Christian person and I can maintain my composure."

A search warrant executed May 21 at Professional Management Inc., Black's
offices in Columbia, S.C., produced information that "strengthens allegations"
Black illegally recruited Florida players, according to the UF police.

Black also is being investigated by the NFL Players Association, which last
month filed a disciplinary complaint against Black claiming he provided cash and
cars to players in his efforts to recruit clients.

Florida school officials have said they do not expect trouble with the NCAA
because they reported to the NCAA as soon as they learned about agent activity
involving Gators players. An NCAA official has said agent activity is difficult
for universities to monitor.

- Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.


LOAD-DATE: June 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Johnny Rutledge

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company

                              473 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              May 18, 2008 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Timeline: Blacks in Nebraska

BYLINE: LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 770 words

DATELINE: LINCOLN, NE


TIMELINE: BLACKS IN NEBRASKA

1854--Census lists 13 African Americans, likely slaves, in Nebraska Territory;
total Nebraska population was 2,732.

1861--Nebraska Territory bans slavery; number of blacks begins to grow.

1870--789 African Americans reported in Nebraska; by 1890, the number had risen
to 8,900.

1871--First all-black colony settled in Franklin County near Lovely Creek. All
of the town's money is lost when treasurer loses his pocketbook. Settlers leave,
and their town, named Grant, never takes shape.

***

Many early black pioneers lived in towns and worked as laborers, housekeepers,
cooks and porters. Few black pioneers tried farming on their own, which required
capital they didn't have. Those who did claim homesteads mostly came one by one
in the early 1870s, scattering statewide.

***

1877, 1879--African Episcopal churches founded in Sidney and Nebraska City,
respectively.

1877--Reconstruction ends; federal troops leave South; old regimes of southern
rule enact racist laws.

***

Former slaves flee to Midwest with little money and no idea what to expect, said
historian Todd Arrington of Homestead National Monument near Beatrice.

***

1879-- Mass exodus of black families, known as the Exodusters, heads west. In
March and April alone, 6,200 Exodusters arrived in St. Louis en route to Kansas
and Nebraska.

May 1879--Lincoln State Journal reporter writes from Wyandotte County,Kan., of
700 penniless, hungry black men wandering banks of Missouri River. The virtual
refugees were drawn by rumors of free land and start-up money for ex-slaves; no
such incentives existed here.

***

In May 1879, Nebraska City News reported a "terrible scare" when 450 blacks came
to settle there. Tecumseh also turned away about 40 black settlers. Even
progressive newspapers expressed fears about yellow fever being spread by black
refugees. Around the same time, Plattsmouth took up a collection and sent 163
blacks to Nebraska City, "where they were needed and could be used," according
to "Nemaha County's African American Community," by Patrick Kennedy.

***

July 1879--Committee of supportive whites welcomes 42 black refugees to Lincoln,
according to the 1940 "Negroes of Nebraska."

1879-80--Small numbers of black families settle in Plattsmouth, Omaha, Nebraska
City and other trade and transportation hubs. Others go to areas with open
homestead land.

1880s--Black community forms north of Aurora, following the lead of David
Patrick, a respected early black settler who later served as an elder at a
primarily white church, and a well-liked barber named Graves. Settlers well
accepted by white neighbors.

About 14 black families settle along the Wheeler/Holt County line. Other
settlements can be found in central and western counties.

***

Settlements spring up when the U.S. 9th Cavalry--nicknamed Buffalo Soldiers for
their thick black hair--arrives at Fort Robinson near Crawford and Fort Niobrara
near Valentine. They  include soldiers' families, veterans and  employees of
businesses started to serve the soldiers, including saloons, brothels and
gambling houses.

Valentine newspaper stories said all-black brothels were targeted by police;
Crawford newspapers related various racially motivated incidents against blacks
as well.

***

1889--200 black pioneers spend winter in Harlan County.

1890s--Farmers flee for jobs in town, even as industries and businesses lay off
workers. Census indicates blacks in Nebraska are among hardest hit.

1900--Four black farmers remain in Holt County. Other slaves-turned-farmers went
to larger Nebraska cities, where jobs connected with the railroads were drawing
workers.

1904--Kinkaid Act changes homestead allotment from 160 to 640 acres and helps
stem tide of black settlers away from farms.

***

Racial attitudes turn negative after World War I. Black workers had filled voids
in the wartime labor force, and workplaces and neighborhoods had become more
integrated. But post-war racial tensions flared in larger cities. Lynchings at
North Platte and Omaha may have scared some black settlers out of the state.

***

1920--DeWitty's population has dwindled to 90.

1930--90 percent of Nebraska blacks live in Lincoln or Omaha.

1936--DeWitty's last black settler, Albert Riley, moves away. One last
descendant of the settlers owns land in the area, leasing it to a rancher, until
1986.

Sources: "Negroes in Nebraska II: The Black Experience in Selected Nebraska
Counties 1854-1920," James D. Bish, 1989 master's thesis; "Negroes in Nebraska,"
a Nebraska Writers Project funded by the Work Projects Administration; "Nemaha
County's African American Community," by Patrick Kennedy, Nebraska History,
Spring 2001.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved

                              474 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           January 5, 2011 Wednesday

Baltimore couple accused of robbing York Township bank

BYLINE: AMANDA DOLASINSKI - The York Dispatch

SECTION: LOCAL; Breaking

LENGTH: 576 words


A Baltimore couple accused of an armed bank robbery in York Township spent the
night behind bars after a high-speed chase in southern York County Wednesday
afternoon.

Eric Jawain Watkins, 30, of 1404 Shefford Road in Baltimore, and Sade Tenisha
Long, 21, of 2632 W. Lafayette Ave. in Baltimore, are facing several charges
related to the alleged bank robbery. Watkins is being held on $250,000 bail, and
Long is being held on $150,000 bail Wednesday night.

York County 911 operators notified police there was a bank robbery at Sovereign
Bank, 2690 S. Queen St., York Township, around 11:19 a.m. Wednesday. Bank
employees told operators a short black or Hispanic male wearing a black knit
hat, black hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans pointed a black handgun at a teller
and demanded money, according to charging documents.

The robber then fled the bank and entered a small silver vehicle with Maryland
registration plates, according to the charging documents. The vehicle was last
seen heading toward Leader Heights Road.

A York Area Regional Police officer in an unmarked car began travelling south on
Interstate 83 from Leader Heights Road and was joined by a marked State Police
cruiser. The officers spotted a car fitting the description just north of the
Glen Rock exit, according to charging documents.

Police said it appeared only a black female, later identified as Long, was
driving, but when the officers approached the vehicle they saw another person,
later identified as Watkins, crouched in the passenger seat.

As the State Police cruiser pulled to the rear of the car, the vehicle attempted
to flee, squeezing between the unmarked car and a tractor-trailer. Watkins then
began throwing money out of the car and onto the southbound lanes of I-83,
according to charging documents.

Several bills were stuck in the windshield wipers of the state police cruiser,
according to charging documents.

Long then passed the tractor-trailer on the right-hand berm and led police for
another half-mile until she reached a partial roadblock with the unmarked police
car. The suspects' vehicle pulled to the right hand side of the road, and both
suspects were taken into custody, according to charging documents.

As Watkins was taken into custody, police said, they observed several straps of
money between the seat and the car door frame as well as a latex glove inside a
black, knit glove that was turned inside out, according to charging documents.

The teller was driven to the location and identified Watkins as the robber,
police said.

Police recovered money and a Walther .380 handgun with the serial number removed
along I-83. Both suspects were transported to York Area Regional Police
Department, according to charging documents.

According to the charging documents, Watkins told police he robbed the Sovereign
Bank and threw the gun and money from the car. He also told officers he was
involved in several armed bank robberies in Pennsylvania and Maryland, the
documents say.

Long told police she was the driver and aware Watkins would be robbing the bank,
according to charging documents. She also told officers she was involved in
several armed robberies in Pennsylvania, Maryland and New Jersey, the documents
say.

Watkins and Long are both charged with robbery threatening serious injury,
forceful robbery, theft, two counts of receiving stolen property and two counts
of criminal conspiracy.

- Reach Amanda Dolasinski at 505-5434 or adolasinski@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              475 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                          November 19, 2008 Wednesday

Police Beat

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 682  words


PASADENA

Toy gun fails

A man wearing a skeleton mask attempted to rob a Pasadena bar Sunday with what
looked like a plastic handgun, county police said.

The man walked into Cheers in the 2900 block of Mountain Road at just after 8
p.m., pointed the plastic weapon at an employee, and demanded money.

When the owner refused, the masked man ran away empty handed, police said.

He was described as white, from 20 to 25 years old, 6 feet tall, with a thin
build. He was wearing a camouflage jacket with skulls on it and blue jeans. His
face was covered with a skeleton mask and the hood of his jacket was pulled over
his head, police said.

GLEN BURNIE

Attempted robbery

A masked man tried to rob a Glen Burnie hotel Sunday morning, county police
said.

At first, police said, the man acted interested in getting a room at the
Wynnwood Inn and Suites in the 6300 block of Ritchie Highway about at 4:30 a.m.

After asking for the room, the man pulled out a black handgun and pointed it at
a 43-year-old employee.

Without getting any money, the man ran away, police said.

He is described as white, 6 feet tall, with a medium build. He was wearing a
black heavy coat, black gloves, a black mask, and was armed with a black
handgun.

Gas station robbery

A Glen Burnie gas station was robbed Friday night, county police said.

An employee of the Southgate Shell gas in the 300 block of Hospital Drive told
police he was working behind the counter about 10:40 p.m. when a man with a gun
pointed the weapon at him and demanded money.

The robber snatched cash from the clerk and ran in an unknown direction.

Officers with police dogs searched the area, but could not find the robber.

He is described as black, 35 years old, 6 feet 3 inches, and 200 pounds. He was
wearing black pants, a black rain jacket and eye glasses.

Street robbery

A man was robbed at knife point while walking in Glen Burnie Saturday morning,
county police said.

The 56-year-old man was walking in the 300 block of Hospital Drive about 11:20
a.m. when two men held a homemade knife at him and demanded his money.

As one of the men grabbed the money, he cut the man's left forearm.

The man drove himself to Baltimore Washington Medical Center in Glen Burnie,
where he was treated for his lacerations.

The attack took place in the same block where the Southgate Shell gas station
was robbed the night before.

The robbers in the recent attack are both described as Hispanic, 5 feet 7 inches
tall, with medium build and black hair.

AC stolen

Someone stole five industrial air conditioners worth about $200,000 from Wood
Floors Plus between Nov. 7 and 14, county police said.

The thieves took the units from the business in the 50 block of Orchard Road.

The company's owner told police he followed some of the debris left behind from
the units through the footpath behind the business, which leads into the Morris
Hill area.

linthicum

Knife-point holdup

Five men were charged with armed robbery Friday after allegedly holding a knife
to two men and demanding their money at a Linthicum motel, county police said.

The two men were at the Motel 6 in the 5100 block of Raynor Avenue at just after
10 p.m. when the group of men held them at knife point and stole their cash.

An investigation led officers to one of the rooms at the Motel 6, where all five
men were arrested.

Ryan David Matthews, 21, Rashawn Lamonte Sherwood, 22, Lamar Dayshawn Butler,
19, Demond Antoine White, 21, and a 17-year-old boy were each charged with armed
robbery, robbery, and false imprisonment. Mr. Matthews was also charged with
possession of marijuana.

hanover

Gunman robs station

A man robbed a Hanover gas station at gunpoint Saturday morning, county police
said.

The man walked into the Fort Meade Shell station in the 2600 block of Annapolis
Road about 12:45 a.m., pointed a gun at a 25-year-old employee, and demanded he
hand over cash from the register.

The robber took the cash and ran out of the building.

He is described as black, clean-shaven, 5 feet 10 inches tall, about 155 pounds,
from 40 to 50 years old, with short hair. He was wearing a blue and white
checkered flannel shirt and blue jeans.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              476 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     January 9, 1999 Saturday Final Edition

Loewen at centre of fraud trial: African-American cleric charged in $3m swindle

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 918 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER


The deal struck aboard Ray Loewen's yacht was supposed to make money for
American black church-goers and for the Loewen Group, North America's second
largest funeral company.

Aboard the yacht in August 1995 was Reverend Henry Lyons, head of the National
Baptist Convention USA Inc., which claims eight million black members.

This month, in a courtroom in Clearwater, Fla., Loewen Group executives will
testify at Lyons's trial that the preacher swindled more than $3 million from
Loewen.

Lyons and his church group were to market Loewen's funeral services and cemetery
plots to the African-American market in return for a share of revenues Loewen's
company projected at $400 million US a year.

Court documents allege money from Loewen's headquarters in the Vancouver suburb
of Burnaby, which was supposed to support a sales force, was used by Lyons to
buy homes, jewelry, a Mercedes-Benz and other features of a lavish lifestyle.

Lyons is to go on trial next Monday on more than 50 charges including
racketeering, grand theft, bank fraud, wire fraud, mail fraud, extortion and
money laundering.

The case, as described by the St. Petersburg Times based on records seized by
prosecutors, began in 1995.

Lyons, new president of the National Baptist Convention, met Loewen, who
controlled 1,100 funeral homes throughout North America.

But southern blacks continued to deal with independent local undertakers. And
Lyons, who had already linked the National Baptist Convention to credit cards
and phone services, wrote to Loewen: "We, too, share in the hope of the
rainbow."

Lyons asked for a donation to his Christian Education Fund. Loewen gave $30,000.
Bank records show most of the money went into Lyons's own account.

On Aug. 28, 1995, Loewen flew Lyons and 10 ministers to Vancouver. They enjoyed
dinner and a cruise, and the next day signed a contract. Loewen Group would pay
33 per cent of sales as commission to sales counsellors, pastors, churches and
the National Baptist Convention itself.

Lyons asked for a larger "education" donation in September and Loewen wrote a
cheque for $70,000. Lyons took $50,000, according to bank records.

In December, Lyons wanted money for a "drug rehabilitation program" and promised
Loewen a meeting with U.S. President Bill Clinton.

Private school

Loewen agreed to inject $100,000 -- money alleged to have gone to Lyons, a
jeweller and a private school attended by an associate's children.

No drug program or presidential meeting developed.

By late 1995, the Loewen Group was embroiled in a Mississippi lawsuit launched
by a mortician who alleged unfair competition. Loewen lawyers called an
assistant to Lyons to testify before the largely black jury.

The lawyers hoped to display the Loewen Group's altruism. But the competitor's
lawyers brought in an accountant who said Loewen could earn $3 billion from
National Baptist Convention members.

Appalled jurors awarded the suing mortician $500 million US.

Lyons then contacted Loewen, suggesting the company had been "railroaded"
because it employed "white honky lawyers." There were rumours of jury tampering,
Lyons said, and he could get to the bottom of things -- but it might cost $2
million.

Executives at Loewen agreed to the plan, but at the same time were dealing for a
smaller award. On Jan. 26, 1996, the Mississippi court reduced the amount to
$175 million.

The same day, Lyons made a down payment of $34,000 on a $700,000 waterfront home
he shared with associate Bernice Edwards.

Despite the settlement, Loewen officials promised Lyons $1 million for his
investigative efforts, wiring $500,000 immediately. Records show much of the
money went into the house, a Volvo and a five-carat diamond.

When Loewen executives balked at paying the remaining $500,000 without expense
details, Lyons is said to have threatened to hold a news conference denouncing
the company. The Loewen Group paid up.

In addition to submitting vague expense reports demanding $50,000 or more a
month, Lyons was charging $16,667 monthly in salary -- $200,000 a year -- plus
$12,500 a month each for Edwards and another associate.

By mid-1996, Loewen hoped to have 50 sales people making $400,000 worth of sales
a month. Instead, seven counsellors did $38,000 worth in three months.

BLACK PRESS

Meanwhile, the black press attacked. White Hands Want Black Bodies, headlined
the Final Call in Chicago. Black Undertakers Under Attack, warned the
Afro-American in Washington.

Lyons urged Loewen to finance a "crisis communication strategy." At the same
time, he bought a $135,000 US Mercedes-Benz and $130,000 in jewelry, and signed
papers to buy a $925,000 mansion in Charlotte, N.C.

In May 1997, Lyons sent Loewen a bill for $1.2 million for the image recovery
campaign -- a mailing to 8.5 million National Baptist Convention members at
33,000 churches. The convention's records show only one million members at fewer
than 5,000 churches.

Lyons sought $3 million more to continue the campaign. After an attempt to
assert spending control was rebuffed, Loewen wired $250,000.

By May 1997, Loewen had paid $3.1 million to Lyons. Total sales were $1.2
million.

Loewen officials finally demanded an accounting.

On July 6, 1997, Lyons's wife Deborah set fire to the waterfront home he shared
with Edwards. This prompted investigations that culminated in charges against
the pastor.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Canadian Press; Ray Loewen, former chairman and CEO of the
Loewen Group, made a deal with a Baptist minister.

TYPE: Business;; Crime

                    Copyright 1999 Metroland Media Group Ltd

                              477 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 30, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Gay and Minority Groups Compete for AIDS Money

BYLINE: By JAMES BARRON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 606 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, March 29


With the number of AIDS victims increasing faster than the money available to
help them, some minority and gay groups serving neighborhoods hit by the disease
now find themselves battling for the same government dollars.

The amount of money in dispute here now is small - less than $15 million of a
proposed AIDS budget of $135 million. But AIDS experts say similar controversies
could mar future budget negotiations as the caseload skyrockets.

''The budget has made the gay and black community fight,'' said Lori Behrman, a
spokeswoman for the Gay Men's Health Crisis.

State Senator Israel Ruiz, a Bronx Democrat, raised the same point in a separate
interview.

''The budget they put together is very lacking as far as blacks, Hispanics and
poor people go,'' he said. ''The big chunk of the money from the state goes to
gay groups because they're more vocal, more organized and have more access to
the power brokers.''

'Governor Cuomo Is to Blame'

At the center of the dispute here is Governor Cuomo. Both sides say he has
spoken eloquently of the suffering of AIDS patients but has failed to match his
words with money.

''If there is any fighting, Governor Cuomo is to blame,'' Ms. Behrman said.
''He's not providing enough to allow all these organizations to be on the front
lines.''

Cuomo administration officials defended the AIDS budget proposals but
acknowledged that some of the money might be shifted from one program to another
as budget negotiations continue.

''This Governor has spoken out compassionately on the subject and he has backed
it up with money, more, we think, than any other state,'' said Anne Crowley, a
spokesman for the Governor. ''New York has one of the most comprehensive
programs and the Federal Government hasn't come anywhere near it.''

'We Need a Larger Pie'

Officials of gay and minority groups say they are concerned that competition for
state money could weaken their efforts to treat their different constituencies.
''What we're saying is we cannot let different communities fight over a small
piece of the funding pie when we need a larger pie,'' said Tim Sweeney, deputy
executive director for policy at Gay Men's Health Crisis.

Neither gay groups nor those representing minorities want to take money away
from the other. To fight for increased financing for both groups, a coalition of
more than a dozen gay and minority groups this month proposed adding $25 million
to the AIDS budget, including $4.4 million for existing community health
organizations that treat people with AIDS. Officials of these groups say that
despite soaring caseloads, the Cuomo budget recommends a far smaller increase,
$440,000, or 9 percent, from the current $4.3 million figure.

The coalition also proposed adding $6.05 million to the budget to expand drug
treatment services. Yolanda Serrano, director of the Association for Drug Abuse
Prevention and Treatment in New York City, said this would help centers that can
handle only 43,000 addicts deal with a caseload of 250,000.

In the Legislature, where budget negotiations stalled today on an unrelated
issue, Assemblyman Roger L. Green, Democrat of Brooklyn, said he was ''concerned
and disturbed'' that the Cuomo budget did not provide what he said was enough
money to treat intravenous drug users with AIDS. AIDS experts say they are
increasingly at risk as the homosexual population takes precautions against the
disease.

''We need to have clear signs that the actions of the state government are going
to be equal to the rhetoric of state government,'' said Mr. Green, chairman of
the Legislature's Black and Puerto Rican Caucus.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company

                              478 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 7, 2009 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

$500,000 is given to charities;
Walker's restitution payments doled out to education groups

BYLINE: By Sandy Hodson< Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 411 words


The CSRA Classic's intent to educate disadvantaged children was fulfilled Friday
as the money that former state Sen. Charles Walk-er was forced to repay was
distributed among more than a dozen nonprofits dedicated to helping youths.

U.S. District Court Senior Judge Dudley H. Bowen Jr. accepted the recommendation
of a three-member commission he drafted to find a way to distribute nearly
$500,000 Mr. Walker was ordered to pay in restitution to the Classic after his
2005 conviction in federal court.

R. Lee Smith Jr., Zack O. Daf-fin and Patrick J. Rice studied the CSRA Classic's
charter. They decided the event's goal of educating and training disadvantaged
children, particularly underprivileged black children, was laudable, Mr. Smith
said Friday.

The members were overwhelmed by the need in the community, Mr. Smith said. They
heard from many worthy charities, but they focused on those geared toward
education.

"This is just the beginning,'' Mr. Daffin said.

The commission set aside funds for school scholarships and for charitable
organizations such as MACH Academy which focuses on children who live in
government housing. Money was set for 100 Black Men of Augusta which has a youth
development and mentor program, and the Springfield Village Foundation devoted
to black history and preservation of the first black church in the United
States, Springfield Baptist Church on Reynolds Street.

The groups sharing the money will be required to provide reports to the court
every six months detailing how they use the money.

Under Mr. Walker's leadership, the CSRA Classic funded only about $15,000 in
student scholarships, according to prior coverage in The Augusta Chronicle.

Mr. Walker was convicted of 127 counts of mail fraud, conspiracy and tax crimes
for defrauding campaign contributors, two public hospitals, two businesses that
bought ads in the Augusta Focus, Mr. Walker's newspaper, and CSRA Classic's
contributors. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison, fined $150,000 and ordered
to pay $698,000 in restitution.

After Mr. Walker lost the appeal of his conviction last year, he paid the
restitution with interest.

Mr. Walker was once one of the most powerful political leaders in Georgia. He
spent 20 years in the state House and Senate and rose to become Senate majority
leader. Although he lost his Senate seat in 2002, he regained Senate District 22
in 2004 while under indictment.

Reach Sandy Hodson at (706) 823-3226

or sandy.hodson@augustachronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved

                              479 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                     September 20, 2005 Tuesday MO1 EDITION

Calling Bush a racist is not helpful

BYLINE: By Richard Cohen

SECTION: A; Pg. OP2

LENGTH: 739 words


If you told me that George Bush is a dummy, I would argue with you but
understand why -- all those idiotic statements. But if you told me, as some have
been implying, that George Bush is a racist or that he doesn't care about black
people, I would not only say that you're wrong, but add, ''Not the George Bush I
know.''

Of course, I don't know George Bush personally. But in his first presidential
campaign, I traveled with him and tried, as he might say, to look into his
heart. Conveniently enough, he sometimes wears it on his sleeve -- never more
so, as I discovered, than when he talks about poor kids and racial and ethnic
minorities. His feelings for them -- especially for poor kids -- are genuine.
This is what I believed then and this -- his incompetent performance regarding
Hurricane Katrina notwithstanding -- is what I believe now.

Others obviously believe differently. The most non-nuanced statements came from
the rapper Kanye West. Appearing on an NBC special to raise money for flood
victims, West attributed the slow recovery effort not to ineptitude, but
''because most of the people are black.'' Just in case you missed his point, he
followed that up a moment later with this observation: ''George Bush doesn't
care about black people.'' NBC snipped that comment from its West Coast feed,
but no matter: West was clearly not speaking only for himself. National polls
showed a racial divide in appraising how the government did after Katrina.
Blacks by and large thought race played a role in the laggard relief effort.

The Rev. Al Sharpton, functionally unemployed all these years, put it a bit
differently. Appearing Sunday on local New York television, he didn't exactly
say Bush was indifferent to the plight of New Orleans' poor blacks, but he did
say this about Bush: ''One has to suspect why he had such delayed compassion.''
Sharpton did point out, as Bill Clinton did in his Sunday TV appearances, that
in New Orleans poor and black are largely synonymous, but still the damage was
done: George Bush is no friend of black people.

I have two problems with all this. The first is not just that it's unfair --
Bush, in this case, was an equal-opportunity bungler -- but that it rests on a
stereotype: Republicans tend to wear lime green pants in the summer and dislike
black people all year round. There was more than a little truth to this at one
time. The GOP, after all, became a safe haven for Southern bigots who fled the
Democratic Party (as Lyndon Johnson knew they would) in the civil rights era.
The fight for the rights of blacks turned Dixie as Republican as it once was
Democratic. To its everlasting shame, the GOP continues to benefit from raw
bigotry.

But Bush is not cut from that cloth. He is a contemporary Republican, a person
of another generation who, you might have noticed, has a black woman as
secretary of state and had a black man before her. Under him, the GOP began an
outreach to black Americans and, unless the Democrats wake up, it will
ultimately succeed. As Karl Rove well knows, all he has to do is pick up a small
percentage of the black vote and he ends the current 50-50 electoral split.
Bush, who won an impressive 27 percent of the black vote in his re-election bid
for Texas governor, could have been the man to do this. His task is a lot harder
now.

My second problem is that yelling racism stops creative thinking. Questions
about how reconstruction should be managed, about how relief money should be
used, about who would be resettled and where -- all of them fraught with racial
issues -- will not be addressed. Instead, as we have already seen, the feds will
simply throw gobs and gobs of money at New Orleans and its poor -- never mind
how it is spent. Bush has reacted like a conservative's stereotype of a liberal
-- just spend the damn money and hope it does some good. This, more than
anything, shows true contempt for the poor, regardless of race.

We owe the poor our special consideration. We especially owe the black poor an
appreciation of their plight and their dolorous history. But in general it was
incompetence, not racism, that slowed the relief effort -- incompetence on the
local and state levels, too, and incompetence by black as well as white public
officials. The search for racist scapegoats does the poor no good. This relief
effort ought to start, above all, with some clear thinking.

RICHARD COHEN (cohenr@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              480 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               July 06, 2000, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Agent 'Tank' Black indicted on 34 counts

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 306 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, S.C.



Sports agent William "Tank" Black was indicted Wednesday on money laundering and
drug charges by a federal grand jury in Detroit.

Black and business partner Linda Wilson were in the Lexington County, S.C., jail
Wednesday awaiting a bond hearing Monday in Columbia.

The 34-count indictment says Black took more than $ 1-million from drug dealers
and funneled it into a car title loan business.

That title business was part of a $ 300-million pyramid scheme, prosecutors
said.

Black and Wilson also have been charged with conspiracy and perjury charges.

Black has consistently denied all allegations. His attorney could not be reached
for comment Wednesday.

Prosecutors said Black and Wilson helped a man flee who was wanted for drug
dealing by the federal government. The the two reportedly flew the man from
Columbia to Jamaica on a private jet and gave him thousands of dollars.

Black and Wilson could face up to life in prison and $ 4-million in fines if
convicted of all counts.

The indictment is similar to one handed down in Florida, where Black is accused
of defrauding several NFL players. He had been free on $ 1-million bond in that
case.

Black also has been linked to investigations of improper payment of players at
Florida and other schools.

WILLIAMS' DECISION: Kansas basketball coach Roy Williams denied newspaper
reports Wednesday night that he made an oral agreement to accept the North
Carolina job.

"Absolutely not true," Williams told a Lawrence radio station upon his arrival
at Kansas City International Airport, after spending the holiday with North
Carolina athletic department officials.

Added KU athletic director Bob Frederick: "That would be news to me." Williams
said he would meet with Frederick today to discuss the matter. "I'll make a
decision at that time," Williams said.


LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company

                              481 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Police seek cash-advance robber

BYLINE: James Mayse, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 239 words


April 03--Owensboro Police detectives are investigating a Tuesday morning
robbery during which a man stole an undetermined amount of money from a cash
advance store on Emory Drive.

Police were called to Cash Tyme Cash Advance, 527 Emory Drive at 10:32 a.m.
Tuesday.

Officer Michael Hathaway, public information officer for the Owensboro Police
Department, said a man entered the business and demanded money. The man did not
show a weapon or threaten employees during the incident, Hathaway said.

"We're not sure how much money he got, but he did leave with some money,"
Hathaway said.

The man then left the business. Employees were unable to say if the man left the
area on foot or in a vehicle, Hathaway said.

Hathaway said employees described the man as a black male in his early 20s,
about 6 feet 4 inches tall and weighing 200 pounds. The man had a mustache and
was dressed in a black sock hat, a black long-sleeve shirt, a black ski vest and
black jeans with white stitching.

People with information about the incident are asked to call the police
department at 687-8888 or Owensboro Crime Stoppers at 687-8484. Crime Stoppers
in an anonymous service that pays cash rewards up to $1,000 for tips that lead
to arrests.

James Mayse, 691-7303, ?jmayse@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2013 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130403-OW-Police-seek-cash-advance-robber-0403-20130403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2013 Messenger-Inquirer

                              482 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 19, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Va. License Plate Plan Runs Into Abortion Fight

Justin Blum, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 795 words



A Virginia lawmaker wants the state to produce a specialty license plate that
says "Choose Life," features a crayon-drawn image of two smiling children and
raises money for groups that help pregnant women who want to put their children
up for adoption.

Del. Richard H. Black (R-Loudoun) said yesterday that he has proposed
legislation to add the specialty plate to a growing number available in
Virginia, including those that say "I'm animal friendly" and others that feature
the logos of the National Rifle Association and the AFL-CIO.

The proposal, similar to a measure adopted this year by Florida's legislature
but vetoed by the governor, is already under attack from abortion rights groups,
some civil libertarians and members of the General Assembly.

"It's a combination of raising money for adoption and providing encouragement to
women to choose to give birth to their children and to give the gift of life,"
Black said of the license plates. "If we can encourage the sterilization of
animals with license plates, we certainly ought to be able to encourage people
to choose life for their children."

The General Assembly will consider authorizing the plates in the session
beginning in January.

Several lawmakers said yesterday that they would oppose Black's plates, arguing
the state shouldn't appear to back a side in a political debate as sensitive as
the one over abortion rights.

Sen. Mary Margaret Whipple (D-Arlington) said she "sort of groaned" when she saw
the proposed legislation. "I think that any time the state's imprimatur is used,
it should be something the state can stand behind," Whipple said.

Del. Vivian E. Watts (D-Fairfax) said that although she supports funding groups
that support adoption, she does not think that the message on the license plate
should be allowed. "I don't think our license plates should be used for
political advocacy," Watts said. "This is what you use bumper stickers for."

Kent Willis, executive director of the Virginia chapter of the American Civil
Liberties Union, said it would be unconstitutional to approve a license plate
expressing views on one side of an issue and not the other.

"This is one extremist member of the General Assembly attempting to recruit the
entire General Assembly to place his views on a state license plate," Willis
said.

Black responded that abortion rights supporters are free to propose a plate of
their own.

"The bill is designed to encourage adoption," Black added. "It seems that
everyone who favors abortion rights says abortion should be safe, legal and
rare. But no one ever does anything to make it rare. We think it's time we did
something to make it more rare."

Virginia's Department of Motor Vehicles has issued about 1.3 million specialty
plates for about 150 causes and organizations. Some plates are used to raise
money for charitable causes, such as sterilizing pets or saving the Chesapeake
Bay, and sell for a $ 25 premium; others merely carry a message and cost $ 10.

Under Black's legislation, the state would begin sharing the fees for the
"Choose Life" plate after the first 1,000 were sold. It then would send $ 15 of
the $ 25 fee to nonprofit groups in Virginia that offer counseling and other
services for "pregnant women who are committed to placing their children for
adoption." The proposal would prohibit money from going to groups that are
involved with abortion, including counseling for referral to abortion clinics.

A prototype of the plate shows a crayon image of the heads of a boy and girl,
with "Choose Life" in red under the license numbers.

In Florida, the proposal for the plates generated extensive debate among
lawmakers, some of whom worried that they would spark road rage or encourage
violence against abortion providers. Gov. Lawton Chiles (D) vetoed the Florida
legislation, but supporters have vowed to introduce it again next year, when a
Republican will take office as governor.

A number of organizations are backing Black's proposal, including the Christian
Coalition, Concerned Women for America and the American Life League.

Gary Marx, executive director of the Virginia Christian Coalition, said the
plates would spread awareness that adoption is an alternative to abortion. He
said the license plate lends credibility to the message. "It provides public
support for the important adoption message, which is so key," Marx said.

But Belle Taylor-McGhee, a spokeswoman for the National Abortion and
Reproductive Rights Action League, dismissed the plates as part of a campaign
against abortion rights.

"They're just insidious tactics that abortion opponents use to stigmatize and
erode a woman's right to choose," Taylor-McGhee said. "They've drawn a line in
the sand."




LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post

                              483 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       June 7, 1987, Sunday, City Edition

Coming together in the marketplace // Black buyers, sellers struggle despite
advances

BYLINE: GLENN BURKINS

SECTION: TAMPA; Hope and frustration: A look at black businesses; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1554 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



First of two parts

    TAMPA - Soon after moving to Tampa in 1985, Sonya Dee Williams began
scouring the city for black-owned shops and restaurants.

     Williams, 28, said finding black professionals, such as doctors and
dentists, was easy. She even found a small savings and loan in the    city's
black community. But in the end, the Indiana native was left    wanting.

     "Many of the services I need just don't exist," she said. "We    don't have
a lot of black clothing stores. In fact, I don't know of    any. And I was
asking someone the other day about a black dry    cleaner."

     Williams and consumers like her represent both the hope and    frustration
of black business in Hillsborough County. Hope because they    deliberately seek
out black-owned shops. Frustration because many of    their needs cannot be met
by existing black companies.

     By all accounts, Hillsborough County's black businesses were more    robust
in the 1950s than they are today. The Census Bureau shows    increases in the
past decade, but the rate of growth for black    entrepreneurs lags far behind
that of whites and Hispanics.

     "I think we have to do more in terms of understanding the whole    economic
system," said Henry Carley, president of the Tampa NAACP.    "Right now blacks
are simply consumers. Everyone else is dealing in    the buyer's market, and we
are the buyers. Somehow we must develop a    little bit of parity in terms of
entrepreneurship on the selling end."

     The situation appears to be improving. The number of black-owned    shops
is increasing each year. Black entrepreneurs are exploring new    types of
businesses. Black consumers are being encouraged to seek black    businesses.

     "I'm hearing that kind of dialogue from people now," Carley said.    "I'm
hearing more of that spirit again. I'm also hearing peo ple now    say that our
problems are more intertwined with economics than they are    with something
else."

     Between 1972 and 1982, the number of black-owned businesses in
Hillsborough jumped from 536 to 877, according to the Census Bureau.

 Sales during that period increased from $ 21.6-million to $ 31.6-million.
(More recent figures are not available.)

   In comparison, Hispanics, who represent a smaller segment of
Hillsborough's population, owned 2,233 businesses with sales of    $
146.2-million in 1982.

     The number of black-owned construction and manufacturing firms    showed
only modest growth between 1972 and 1982, and agriculture    declined
dramatically. Most of the county's black-owned shops were    small retail and
service companies. Only 123 of the 877 companies had    paid employees,
according to the Census Bureau.



 Integration brings both good and bad changes

   Before integration, black businesses thrived because most white
establishments were closed to blacks, Tampa businessman Robert Cole    said.

     "When I came along as a young person, we had about 17 liquor    licenses
held by black people in Hillsborough County. Today we may have    two," he said.
"We had black restaurants, I mean first-    class places that you would carry
you wife and family to on Sunday. We    had three major black grocery stores."

     But integration brought change, Cole said. As white establishments    were
opened to blacks, most black consumers abandoned their    neighborhood shops.

     "Before then, black people could not go down to the Marriott    hotel. They
could not go down to Morrison's cafeteria... So,    naturally, (after
integration) we ran and carried our money there. But    we forgot to bring our
money back to our own communities."        In many of Tampa's predominantly
black neighborhoods, crumbling,    vacant storefronts have replaced what were
once thriving business    districts. Many of the shops that remain are operated
by Hispanic or    Asian Americans.

     Yet integration is seen by many black business owners as a positive
force. Paul Jackson, owner of Paul Jackson Realty, said it has pushed    more
blacks to compete for white customers as well as blacks.

     "I think that's good," Jackson said. "I think blacks have a lot    of
talent and a lot to offer the general public."

        Jackson, the county's only black real estate appraiser, said    about 98
percent of his clients are white. His office is in a    predominantly white area
near Carrollwood.

     "I haven't had any problems," he said. "Until the black attitude
changes, I think we are going to have to go for the general market. If    a
black business person is to survive, he has to come up with something    that is
attractive to the general population."

     Naaman Johnson, owner of Angie's Hallmark in downtown Tampa, said    that
almost all of his customers were white. And like Jackson, he said    businesses
should have no racial distinctions.

     "Maybe I never had problems because I didn't set myself up as a    black
business," he said. "I think if I begin to narrow it down, I    would probably
create problems that aren't even there. The only    problems I have are business
problems."



 Future uncertain

   Several factors appear necessary if struggling black-owned    businesses are
to grow, merchants say.

     First, black consumers must begin spending more money with    black-owned
businesses. Black store owners must upgrade their product    lines and offer
competitive prices. And money must be found for blacks    to expand and
renovate.

     On the consumer side, national efforts are under way to promote    greater
spending with black establishments. The best known program -    called Buy
Freedom - asks blacks to spend at least 50 percent of their    income with black
businesses. A Tampa chapter is being organized.

      "I'm not saying that (blacks) should spend 100 percent of our    money
with black businesses, but 50 percent of the money that comes    into black
families should stay in the black community," Cole said.    "Then I think black
businesses will be in a position to offer black    people what white businesses
are offering them now."

     For many black merchants, capital is as scarce as loyal customers.

 Borrowing money for expansions or physical improvements is not easy,    black
business owners say. Many of those contacted by the St.    Petersburg Times said
they believe banks and other lending institutions    discriminate.

     "It's hard for blacks to get traditional financing," said Paul    Major,
president of radio station WTMP. "I think the qualifications    that main-line
banking institutions put on minorities are more    stringent than they are for
the general marketplace. I think it's    changing gradually, but not fast
enough."

     Local bankers said their lending requirements are uniformly    enforced.
All small businesses are risky, they said, and most banks are    hesitant to
make such loans to anyone.

     "I don't think it has anything to do with whether it is a    black-owned
business," said Larry Pelton, vice president of industrial    development for
Barnett Bank Inc. "If I ever found that out at one of    our banks, someone
would have a lot of explaining to do. If a loan is    not made, it has something
to do with the borrower's credit criteria."

    Starting this summer, black business owners will have another source    of
money. The 1985 Legislature established the Black Business    Investment Corp.
to make low-interest loans to blacks.

     The Tampa Bay branch has received donations of $ 775,000 from local
            banks, and the state has pledged up to $ 1-million in matching
funds.

 The goal of the program is to help black businesses become a viable    part of
the regional economy. Other regional branches are being    established in Miami,
Orlando, Jacksonville, Palm Beach and Broward    County.

     The money will be available for working capital or for expansions,    said
Roy Opfer, manager of urban development and job training for the    city of
Tampa. Interest rates have not been established, but officials    said loans
probably would be made at 2 percent above the prime rate.



 The reporter

 Glenn Burkins, 26, was born in McConnells, S.C. and graduated from the
University of South Carolina with a degree in journalism. He was a    summer
intern at the Charleston (S.C.) News and Courier and the Rock    Hill (S.C.)
Evening Herald. He completed a reporter training program at    the Los Angeles
Times before joining the St. Petersburg Times in 1985.

 He now covers business in the Times' Tampa bureau. In his free time, he
likes to fish, hunt and relax by the water.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA

GRAPHIC: COLOR GRAPH, Terry Morse; COLOR CHART; number of black businesses -
1972-536, 1977-587, 1982-877 - in Hillsborough county ; job breakdown by types
for same years

TYPE: SERIES

                            Times Publishing Company

                              484 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               July 08, 2000, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Tar Heels turn to Doherty, Brown

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; COLLEGES; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 792 words

DATELINE: SOUTH BEND, Ind.; COLUMBIA, S.C.



Notre Dame basketball coach Matt Doherty has received permission to talk to
North Carolina officials about the school's coaching job.

Doherty, a former North Carolina player, was headed to Chapel Hill on Friday
after a visit to the Nike camp in Indianapolis, WSBT-TV reported.

Philadelphia 76ers coach Larry Brown, another former North Carolina player, also
has been granted permission to speak to the school about the job.

Former Tar Heels coach Dean Smith contacted Sixers president Pat Croce about
Brown one day after Kansas coach Roy Williams turned down the Tar Heels.

Brown, who joined the 76ers in 1997 after four seasons with the Indiana Pacers,
signed a multiyear extension in March.

"I'm expecting Larry not to leave. I have to think positively," Croce said.

Doherty, 38, has four years remaining on his five-year contract. In his first
season at Notre Dame, he led the Irish to a 22-15 record, their best record in
more than a decade.

Doherty was not speaking to the media, a representative of the Notre Dame
basketball office told WSBT.

Earlier in the day, South Carolina coach Eddie Fogler withdrew his name from
consideration for the job, saying he wants to continue working with his
improving Gamecocks team.

Bill Guthridge retired as North Carolina's coach last week.

MORE BASKETBALL: Michigan senior Brandon Smith and sophomore Leland Anderson are
leaving. They informed coach Brian Ellerbe of their decisions last week. Smith
is leaving for personal reasons, and Anderson will attend another school, though
he has not said which one. The final roadblock was cleared for high school star
Zach Randolph to play next season at Michigan State. Randolph, a 6-foot-9,
270-pound center from Marion, Ind., won an appeal that will allow him to play as
a freshman, even though he fell short on his entrance exam. Randolph had the
necessary grade-point average required by the NCAA but was 20 points shy of the
score he needed on the SAT. The NCAA did not reveal the reason for its decision.
"I'm thrilled for Zach Randolph," MSU coach Tom Izzo said.

Agent Black indicted again

COLUMBIA, S.C. - More details of a federal money-laundering case against sports
agent William "Tank" Black were revealed as investigators told how they obtained
search warrants of Black's homes and offices.

Federal authorities seized computers and financial documents from Black,
indicted on money laundering and drug charges by a grand jury in Detroit. Black
maintains his innocence.

"Mr. Black denies the charges against him and plans to plead not guilty," his
Columbia lawyer, John Hardaway, said Thursday. Black's Miami attorneys refused
to comment, citing a federal judge's gag order in a related case in Florida.

Black also was indicted Thursday in Louisiana on two state charges of conspiracy
to commit bribery. Authorities say he conspired to bribe two people connected
with the LSU football program. Each count carries a possible prison term of 2
1/2 years.

Investigators searched two Columbia-area homes belonging to Black and the office
of World Express International, where they collected records of Black's
management company, Professional Management Inc., according to court documents
filed Thursday with U.S. Magistrate Joseph McCrorey.

Linda Wilson, Black's business partner who also was indicted, operated World
Express Travel Inc., a Columbia travel agency of which Black was chairman and
chief executive.

Black, arrested Wednesday, is being held until a bond hearing Monday.

FOOTBALL: The Rose Bowl will host its first national championship game for the
Bowl Championship Series in 2002 and will host again in 2006 as part of a $
122-million television package. Tournament of Roses and ABC television officials
have agreed to a package that culminates in 2006. Missouri canceled its series
with UCLA that was scheduled for 2001 and '02. Missouri decided the 2001 season
- which includes games against Michigan State, Nebraska, Texas, Colorado and
Kansas State - was loaded enough. Missouri opened talks with UCLA in December in
an attempt to alter the series, agreed to in 1987.

HOCKEY: Shawn Walsh, the coach who built Maine into a power and coached the
Black Bears to two national championships, had surgery at a Boston hospital for
removal of a cancerous kidney. His surgeon at the Dana Farber Cancer Institute
told WCSH-TV that the surgery went well.

Urologist Genero Carpinito told the station that Walsh's cancer had spread to
the lymph nodes under his breastbone.

SWIMMING: Rich DeSelm was named assistant for Florida's men's and women's teams.

WRESTLING: Lincoln McIlravy, a member of the 2000 U.S. Olympic freestyle team
and three-time NCAA champion at Iowa, will be an assistant coach for Iowa.


LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); Matt Doherty; Larry Brown

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company

                              485 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 13, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

University to offer blacks free tuition

BYLINE: Dennis Kelly

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 662 words


Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton will break new ground this fall when
it becomes the state's only public university offering free tuition to every
black freshman who meets admissions standards.

The United Negro College Fund believes this is the only such program in the
nation.

The Board of Regents has ordered the school to increase freshman enrollment by
50 percent next year. When that happens, the number of black students must rise
to meet state targets for minority enrollment.

The school has 586 black students --in a student body of 11,278. This year's
freshman class had only 28 black students, 7.7 percent of the total, which meets
the Board of Regents' target for the freshman class. But it is still smaller
than the proportion of blacks in surrounding counties.

Both residents of Florida and out-of-state students can apply, but in- state
students will get preference. The program will be financed through private
donations and school funds.

Miami college offers job guarantee

Miami-Dade Community College is putting its money where its instruction is. The
school is offering students a money-back guarantee that they will find jobs in
their fields of study.

Miami-Dade will refund tuition and fees to participating students, if - having
met certain conditions - they cannot find employment after graduation. The offer
pertains to fields in which there are shortages of qualified employees and
''where significant numbers of students are not choosing to enter educational
programs to prepare for that employment.''

Dartmouth drinking drops, survey says

New Hampshire's Dartmouth College says its battle against student drinking
appears to be paying off.

A 1977 school survey said 12.2 percent of Dartmouth students were daily
drinkers, more than twice the average for other New England colleges and
universities. In 1989, however, the percentage of Dartmouth students drinking
daily was 5.5 percent, slightly below the national average of 6 percent. The
latest figure is up from the low point of 3.3 percent in 1988.

The school hired a full-time coordinator of alcohol and drug programs in 1986.
Foundation clears pathways to degrees

A charitable foundation has launched a new funding program that will help
colleges use technological advances to increase course offerings to their
part-time and off-campus students.

The Annenberg/CPB Project will offer colleges up to $ 150,000 in the ''New
Pathways to a Degree'' program to develop the administrative support needed to
use technology to expand bachelor's degree offerings.

The technology is in place, says Mara Mayor, director of the project, which was
created in 1981 to apply new technologies to learning. Many colleges now use
direct broadcast satellites, cable TV, computer networks and fax machines to
reach their communities.

Children watch public TV on their own

Children are more likely to watch public television than the commercial variety
when their parents aren't around, new research says.

Howard Taras of the University of California, San Diego, said he came across the
discovery

while studying 66 parents and their children's viewing habits to determine the
effect of advertising and programming on the kids' diet and exercise.

When he and colleagues looked at parents' responses to questionnaires, they
found that when children ages 3 to 8 were left to their own devices, they were
more likely to watch public television.

He speculated that parents may prefer watching commercial television or that PBS
shows are all that's available when kids are home alone. Further study is
needed, he says.

In a related item, the PBS show Sesame Street is reaching the children it
originally set out to reach, says a survey commissioned by the show's producer,
Children's Television Workshop. The survey says the show is seen by 92 percent
of preschool-age children in low-income households; 80 percent watch at least
once a week; 57 percent, daily.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Education

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.

                              486 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 16, 1987, Thursday, City Edition

Dade City blacks lobby for grant funds

BYLINE: BOB JENSEN

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 628 words

DATELINE: DADE CITY



DADE CITY - City commissioners on Tuesday voted to delay a vote on    how to use
$ 70,000 in federal grant money after two black residents    suggested,
sometimes loudly, that the money be used on projects in the    black community.

     The money is left from the $ 350,000 that Dade City received from    Pasco
County's $ 1.89-million Community Development Block Grant. The    city spent
most of its share of that money on paving, sewer, water and    drainage
improvements in black neighborhoods that had been ordered by a    federal judge
in 1984.

     The judge's ruling came in a discrimination lawsuit brought by five
black Dade City residents who successfully argued there was a    significant
difference between street maintenance in the white and    black areas.

     When bids on that project came in lower than expected this spring,    City
Manager Ben Bolan presented city commissioners with a list of    eight possible
projects to use leftover money for.

     Tuesday, commissioners were ready to approve an agreement with the
county that allocated most of the money for improvements on the water    lines
and fire hydrants in Tommytown, a low-to moderate-income area    north of Dade
City. The agreement also called for about $ 5,000 for    architectural plans for
downtown street improvements in conjunction    with the Main Street
redevelopment program.

     But James Chapman, president of the Pasco chapter of the NAACP,    said he
thought the money should be spent in the black community. He    and Mayor D.L.
Williams suggested using it for cleaning up stagnant    canals and constructing
culverts to improve the water flow in the    canals in East Lake Park, a black
neighborhood.

     Earlier in the meeting, commissioners had voted to spend $ 9,700 to
clean out the canals and to study further the possibility of new    culverts.

     Bolan said that the Tommytown project would provide needed    improvements
in water service and fire protection, and that he had    learned only this week
that the East Lake Park project could be    eligible for the federal money.

     Bolan said he would talk with county officials and consultants to    see
whether there was enough time to submit a new request for the    leftover money,
and the commission postponed a vote.

     In other business:         Bolan reported that disagreements with the
contractor for Dade    City's new sewage treatment plant were resolved and that
the contractor    will pay the city $ 7,100.

     Mechanical & Chemical Equipment Co. had submitted claims for    $ 301,417
for extra work it did on the plant, which is almost finished.

 The city countered with a $ 44,317 claim against the contractor for not
completing the job on time.

     Bolan said some of the contractor's claims were reasonable, but    that
after negotiations the company agreed to drop its claims and pay    the $ 7,100
to cover Dade City's added engineering costs caused by    construction delays.

      Commissioners set the 1987 millage rate for the city's portion of
residents' property tax bill at 5.406. A mill equals $ 1 for every    $ 1,000 of
assessed, taxable property. The 1986 rate was 4.459.

     That means the owner of a $ 50,000 home with a $ 25,000 homestead
exemption would pay $ 135 in property taxes to the city in 1987, up from    $
111 this year.

     A public hearing on the rate is scheduled for September, after    which
commissioners can lower - but not raise - the rate.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: PASCO TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company

                              487 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 6, 1991, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

HOUSE SQUARES OFF ON STADIUM TODAY

BYLINE: David Aguillard and Virgil Tipton Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 786 words


Perhaps Rep. Marin ''Bubs'' Hohulin said it most colorfully.  ''If the day would
ever come when dogs fly and cows bite, I'd vote for the stadium,'' said Hohulin,
R-Lamar in southwestern Missouri.  When the vote comes today in the House for
$4.5 million to finance the expansion of the St. Louis convention center and
stadium, the project will face opposition on two fronts - from outstate
representatives and from some St. Louis representatives.  For example, Rep.
Charles Q. Troupe, D-St. Louis, says he will vote against money for the project
as one shot in the war he has declared on a top St.  Louis union official.  The
union official - Richard Mantia, executive secretary of the St. Louis Building
and Construction Trades Council - supports the stadium project.  Troupe said he
would oppose anything Mantia supported because of Mantia's endorsement of an
anti-busing slate seeking four seats on the St. Louis School Board.  Other St.
Louis representatives have their own reasons. Democrat Elbert Walton said he
opposed the project because the money could be better spent on other needs.
'''Let the conventioneers pay for their convention center,'' he said.  Despite
the opposition, House leaders and convention-center supporters are confident the
measure will pass. ''I think we're in good shape,'' said House Speaker Bob
Griffin, D-Cameron.  St. Louis County Prosecutor George R. ''Buzz'' Westfall,
St. Louis Mayor Vincent C. Schoemehl Jr. and John Bardgett, a lobbyist for St.
Louis County, spent Tuesday in Jefferson City pitching the project to
legislators. ''I feel pretty good,'' Westfall said. ''But we can't take it for
granted like we did in subcommittee,'' he said. About three weeks ago, a House
subcommittee removed the money for the stadium.  Subcommittee members said they
did not have enough information, such as how much money the state would make in
taxes, to support the project.  But a study released last week seems to have
swayed some legislators. Rep.  Stephen Waters, D-Canton, said that the report
showed him that the expansion would be ''worth the money.'' Griffin and Bardgett
said that the greatest obstacle to the money would come from outstate
legislators, should someone introduce an amendment to remove the money from the
bill.  The $4.5 million is part of a general appropriations bill that includes
money for other state agencies.  Rep. Phil Tate, D-Gallatin, said he opposed
state money for the stadium.  But he would vote for the entire bill even if it
included the money. If someone offered an amendment to remove the
convention-center funding, he said he would vote for the amendment.  So far, no
one has said publicly that he will offer such an amendment. But Walton said he
was thinking about it.  And State Rep. Russell Goward, D-St. Louis, says he is
considering introducing a measure that would reserve for public schools half of
the new revenue that St. Louis gets from the expansion.  Because of outstate
opposition to state funding for the project, the disagreement between Troupe and
Mantia could defeat it if Troupe introduces an amendment to remove the $4.5
million.  Troupe said he was determined to fight Mantia.  ''If he continues to
support the segregationists of this city, I will be opposed to anything he wants
as long as I'm a public official,'' Troupe said.  ''It's war, that's what it
is.'' Mantia said he was baffled by Troupe's logic in connecting the School
Board to the stadium. ''Quincy's a har d guy to figure out,'' he said.  At issue
is Mantia's support of the anti-busing slate known as Friends & Advocates of
Neighborhood Schools, which is seeking four seats in the April 2 election.
Mantia said he supported the slate in part because of friendly treatment his
organization had received from Thomas S. Bugel, the slate's campaign chairman.
Troupe said the slate could damage education for black children and said he was
offended by Mantia's support for it. ''That is insensitive,'' Troupe said.
''It's totally out of place, and it's just ignorant.'' In other action involving
the stadium, state Rep. William L. Clay Jr., D-St. Louis, chairman of the
Missouri Legislative Black Caucus, said he wanted assurances that unions would
welcome blacks. He said that unless he got those assurances by this morning, he
would recommend that the caucus vote against state funding.  Clay said he might
also consider a measure to allow non-union workers to work on the stadium.  ''If
Mantia wants to keep the unions lily white, let's keep them out of the
stadium,'' Clay said.  Mantia said he and other union officials had been working
closely with associations of black contractors to find ways to encourage black
involvement in unions.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              488 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                      February 7, 2017 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

There is no official estimation of black money in cash: Minister

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 450  words


NEW DELHI, FEB 07, 2017: There is no official estimation of percentage of black
money held in India in cash.

In the last financial year (2015-16) 648 disclosures involving undisclosed
foreign assets worth Rs 4164 crore were made in the one-time three months'
compliance window ending 30 th September 2015, under the Black Money
(Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015. The
amount collected by way of tax and penalty in such cases was about Rs 2476
crore.

The Government has taken several measures to effectively tackle the issue of
black money, particularly black money stashed away abroad. Such measures include
policy-level initiatives, effective enforcement actions on the ground, putting
in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks, systems and processes
with due focus on capacity building and integration and mining of information
through increasing use of information technology. Recent major initiatives in
this regard include:

(i) Constitution of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Black Money under
Chairmanship and Vice-Chairmanship of two former Judges of Hon'ble Supreme
Court,

(ii) Constitution of  Multi-Agency Group (MAG) consisting of officers of Central
Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Enforcement
Directorate (ED) and Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) for investigation of
recent revelations in Panama paper leaks,

(iii) Proactive engagement with foreign governments to facilitate and enhance
the exchange of information under Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements
(DTAAs)/Tax Information Exchange Agreements (TIEAs)/Multilateral Conventions and
furthering global efforts to combat tax evasion/black money, inter alia, by
joining the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement in respect of Automatic
Exchange of Information (AEOI) and having information sharing arrangement with
USA under its Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA),

(iv)  Enactment of the Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and
Imposition of Tax Act, 2015' to specifically and more effectively deal with the
issue of black money stashed away abroad,

(v)  Enabling attachment and confiscation of property equivalent in value held
within the country where the property/proceeds of crime is taken or held outside
the country by amending the Prevention of Money-laundering Act, 2002 through the
Finance Act, 2015,

(vi) According high priority to the cases involving black money stashed away
abroad for investigation and other follow-up actions including prosecutions in
appropriate cases.

This was stated by Mr Santosh Kumar Gangwar, Minister of State in the Ministry
of Finance in written reply to a question in Rajya Sabha today.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2017 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved

                              489 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                             March 21, 2008 Friday

New Grants Will Help Black Colleges Raise Funds

BYLINE: BECKIE SUPIANO

SECTION: MONEY & MANAGEMENT; Pg. 15 Vol. 54 No. 28

LENGTH: 244 words


The United Negro College Fund announced last week that it will provide a total
of $5.9-million in grants to help six historically black colleges and
universities improve their fund-raising operations.

The grants -- which will go to Benedict, Jarvis Christian, Morehouse, Philander
Smith, and Wiley Colleges, and to Claflin University -- are designed to help the
institutions hire consultants and kick-start larger fund-raising efforts well
beyond the grant period, said Elfred Anthony Pinkard, executive director of the
fund's Institute for Capacity Building. Each institution's share of the money
will depend upon its needs and plans, Mr. Pinkard said.

Many historically black colleges have small fund-raising staffs and struggle to
raise money from private sources. "We live primarily by tuition," said Love
Collins III, executive vice president for institutional advancement at Benedict
College, in Columbia, S.C. Keeping in touch with potential donors requires a lot
of money, he said. "We have to sometimes choose between publishing a newsletter
and using it to support tuition so a child can stay in college."

Of the colleges receiving a grant, only Morehouse responded to the Council for
Aid to Education's annual Voluntary Support of Education survey last year. It
reported $34.6-million in annual giving for 2006-7.

The grants are part of the Institutional Advancement Program of the fund's
Institute for Capacity Building, supported by the Kresge Foundation.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved

                              490 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 13, 1991, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Premier Thoroughbreds take center stage in Chicago, N.Y.

BYLINE: Peter Brewington

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 257 words


Many of the USA's top older horses are running in Chicago and New York this
weekend.

All three winners of the 1990 Triple Crown races will be reunited in Chicago
Saturday for the Washington Park Handicap at Arlington Park near Chicago.

$ 750,000 in bonus money is up for grabs Sunday in the final race in the $ 8.25
million American Championship Racing Series event - the $ 500,000 Woodward
Stakes at Belmont Park.

Summer Squall, last year's Preakness Stakes winner, is the 8-5 favorite in the 1
1/8-mile Washington Park Handicap. Black Tie Affair, who won the Iselin two
weeks ago is 2-1 second choice followed by Unbridled (5-2), the 1990 Kentucky
Derby winner and Belmont Stakes winner Go and Go (5-1).

Summer Squall has won more than $ 1.7 million in his career, but Black Tie
Affair is hotter. He's after his fourth consecutive stakes win.

Unbridled, with $ 4.1 million in career earnings, is Thoroughbred racing's
leading active money winner and sixth all-time.

Sunday, the ACRS title will be decided at Belmont, in the 1 1/8-mile Woodward.

Festin and Farma Way are tied for the ACRS points lead with 40 each after nine
races. They're battling for the first-place bonus of $ 750,000. Second- place
money is $ 375,000.

The draw for post positions will be Friday. Expected to enter: Farma Way,
Festin, Jolie's Halo, In Excess, Strike the Gold, Killer Diller and Crackedbell.

In Excess, ranked No. 1 in Thoroughbred Racing Communications poll, has won four
of six starts. Strike the Gold is the 1991 Kentucky Derby winner.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.

                              491 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 16, 2014 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

District's celebration should build on traditions

BYLINE: Courtland Milloy

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 773 words


Okay, time out. This is too embarrassing. When a celebration of "Emancipation
Day" depends on the largesse of taxpayers, you need to step back and rethink
what emancipation really means.

It's been 152 years since slavery was abolished in the District, but to watch
D.C. politicians haggling over funds for the celebration, you'd think we'd just
walked off the plantation.

The D.C. Council allocated $350,000 for the commemoration, which  is to kick off
with a parade Wednesday. The organizers budgeted $19,000 on balloons, $27,500 on
fireworks and $130,000 on a "free concert." Apparently, they forgot the budget
for the parade and asked for an additional $116,000.

What a pitiful reminder that emancipation does not necessarily mean liberation.

Here we are in the Washington area, home to one of the largest concentrations of
wealthy African Americans - and black-owned businesses - in the United States.
Why leave the celebration to the haphazard management of D.C. government
officials?

Why not ante up ourselves?

There are at least 10,000 black-owned businesses in the District alone,
according to the census. In neighboring Prince George's County, which is the
wealthiest majority-black county in the country, 54 percent of businesses are
black-owned.

In Montgomery County, 24 percent of businesses are black-owned. Even in Fairfax
County, which is not the first place that comes to mind when you're talking
about black businesses, there are more than 7,000 black-owned businesses with
combined annual sales of $1.27 billion.

About a century ago, during the nadir of post-slavery life in America, black
people in Washington had somehow managed to make near-miraculous advances. The
city would later see U Street become known as the "Black Broadway," featuring
some of the most famous entertainers in the world - Duke Ellington at the top of
the list. Outstanding intellectuals were in abundance, drawn by Howard
University.

Today, we mourn the loss of many of old businesses  in the city, and yet we
hardly acknowledge the ones that have replaced them. The amount of money black
people spend just on hair products would rival the gross national product of
some small nations. If every black person in the area donated a dime today, we
could fund Emancipation Day celebrations forever.

When it comes to the struggle for freedom, black people in our region cannot be
separated by artificially drawn jurisdictions. The District's enslaved black
people may have been the "first freed," but right next door in Virginia were the
first Africans to be enslaved. And how can the District honor President Abraham
Lincoln as some kind of Moses when he allowed blacks in neighboring Maryland to
remain enslaved?

Instead of displaying our collective strengths, we make a show of a lingering
slave mentality - appearing weak and engendering an all too familiar mix of
contempt and pity.

My colleague Mike DeBonis wrote a story about the Emancipation Day funding on
Tuesday. A sampling of comments posted about it makes my point:

"Remembering how much I paid for property taxes, I feel sick. Aren't there any
grown-ups in the District Building [who know how to] spend OUR money."

"It shouldn't take Beyoncé or anyone else to get people out to celebrate. . . .
If people don't appreciate it maybe the parade needs to be canceled. Certainly,
at minimum, there are plenty of schools in D.C. that could use the money."

"Why isn't Emancipation Day simply treated as a special day for commemorating
D.C.'s local history with a day of educational events within the public schools?
Wouldn't that make more sense?"

I can only add to the sentiments. For instance, I could see how, say, Harriet
Tubman would need resources to help fund an Underground Railroad, leading
hundreds of black people on an arduous journey from slavery to freedom. But
needing a hundred grand for a parade?

It's oxymoronic to be dependent on government to celebrate emancipation.

Just close off a street and ask the United House of Prayer's brass band to lead
everybody around the block? Instead of paying tens of thousands of dollars for
an Emancipation Day rap show, invite poets who speak of free spirits.

As for those intellectual panel discussions, stop wasting money flying in
participants from far-off ivory towers. Better to hear from some "returning
citizens," as our ex-offenders are now called. Let them talk about how education
would have meant freedom for them if only they'd been able to get one in school.

Time to free our minds, D.C. Better to build a tradition on our own than beg for
one.

courtland.milloy@washpost.com

ï...OE To read previous columns, go to washingtonpost.com/milloy.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              492 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 26, 2013 Friday

BHSU Summer Stage wraps up seventh season with comedy

LENGTH: 240  words

DATELINE: Spearfish


Black Hills State University has issued the following news release:

Summer Stage at Black Hills State University concludes a successful theatre
season with Lie, Cheat and Genuflect, a comedy by Billy Van Zandt and Jane
Milmore. Performance dates are Aug. 1, 2, 3 at 7:30 p.m. and Aug. 4 at 2:30 p.m.

The story follows brothers Billy and Tom Buckle who area in big trouble. Tom's
infallible eye for slow horses has drained away all of Billy's savings forcing
him to borrow money from loan shark Pizza Face Petrillo who now wants his money
back. Desperate to get their hands on their late grandfather's money to pay off
Petrillo, the two family black sheep scheme to get the fortune.

Cast members for Lie, Cheat and Genuflect include: Tytus Spivey, theatre major
from Winder Barrow, Ga., playing Billy Buckle; Tyler Steffens, speech
communication major from Box Elder, playing Tom Buckle; Logan Sulentic, former
BHSU student, playing Robert Fryburger; Elysia Pederson, speech communication
major from Spearfish, playing Virginia; Hannah Kloiber, business administration
and theatre major from Parker, Colo., playing girl; Melissa Barnard, speech
communication major from Rapid City, playing Jane; Tyler Millslagle, speech
communication major from Rapid City, playing Pizza Face Petrillo; and Brittney
DeJong, communications/English education major from Iroquois, playing Miss
Mackintosh.

For more information please visit: http://www.bhsu.edu.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              493 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                      August 10, 2000, Thursday, Edition 1

NBA NOTEBOOK MIAMI PURSUES GRANT THROUGH THREE-WAY TRADE

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 438 words



Power forward Brian Grant wants to join the Miami Heat, and his
 agent says the team is negotiating a sign-and-trade deal to
 acquire him from the Portland Trail Blazers.

 The trade could also involve Cleveland Cavaliers forward Shawn Kemp, who would
go to Portland. In a three-way deal, the Heat would send a package of players to
Cleveland.

"We're talking about a bunch of different scenarios," agent Mark Bartelstein
said yesterday. "At this point, Brian feels Miami is the best opportunity for
him. He would like to do that, if it can get done."

Bartelstein all but ruled out the New York Knicks, who have also pursued Grant.

Grant, the most talented free agent still on the market, recently rejected a
six-year offer worth more than $70 million (U.S.) to stay in Portland. Miami
will have enough room under the salary cap next summer to take on Grant with
such a lucrative long-term contract.

The Cavaliers are eager to trade Kemp, who will make $11.7 million next season
and $21.5 million in 2002-03.

If a trade can't be worked out, Grant might accept the Heat's $2.25 million
exception, then negotiate a long-term deal with the team next year.

REGGIE SIGNS: Reggie Miller is staying put, hoping to add a championship ring
 to his collection of franchise records from 13 years with the
 Indiana Pacers. The NBA's all-time leader in three-point attempts
 and baskets signed a new contract yesterday with the Pacers,
 becoming the fourth of the team's six free agents to re-sign.
 "He has been part of every big moment that we've had here the
 last 13 years," club president Donnie Walsh said.

 LAKERS TAKE CHANCE: Nate Johnson, an undrafted 6-foot-6 forward from
Louisville, has
 signed with the Los Angeles Lakers. A four-year starter at
 Louisville, Johnson averaged a career-high 13.9 points as a
 senior last season to lead the Cardinals in scoring.

 BLACK TO MICHIGAN: Sports agent William (Tank) Black, whose client list
formerly
 included Vince Carter, was brought to Michigan to face drug and
 money laundering charges. Federal marshals brought Black from
 South Carolina pending an appearance today before U.S. District
 Judge Lawrence Zatkoff.

 A federal grand jury in Detroit earlier this month issued a 34-count indictment
against Black, his business partner Linda Wilson and several others accusing
them of money laundering and drug charges.

Black and Wilson also are charged with conspiracy and perjury. If convicted on
all counts, each could get life in prison and $4 million in fines.

WITH FILES FROM STAR WIRE SERVICES



LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              494 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 3, 1992, Thursday

WOOING BLACK VISITORS Cities put new focus on market At stake is business worth
$ 22 billion

BYLINE: By Hollis R. Towns STAFF WRITERblacks; minorities; consumer; business;
relations; conventions; finances; south; advertising; cities; travel; industry

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section F; Page 1

LENGTH: 1063 words


The $ 22 billion that blacks spend each year on conventions and vacations makes
them a market that the slumping hospitality industry is going after with a
vengeance.

Throughout the South, cities like Atlanta; New Orleans; Nashville, Tenn.; and
Louisville, Ky., are aggressively courting black convention business. They are
using sales pitches, minority hires and African- American heritage tours. Black
organizations given short shrift when their conventions come to town are
demanding - and getting - retribution.

In Miami, for example, a black boycott has hammered Miami's hospitality industry
for two years at a loss of millions.

"The hospitality industry has to realize that we are bringing new money, and a
lot of money in there, and they need to roll out the red carpet for us," said
Brenda Boyd-Walker, owner of a Nashville meeting planning agency.

"They [black conventioneers] want to know where the black restaurants are, where
are the African-American tours," she said. "You want to see black faces, black
salespeople. They want to see blacks at the hotels - and not just working behind
the counter as visible tokens."

Black meeting planners also want to know about a city's minority hiring
practices and to see brochures promoting black achievements and attractions.
They insist that black businesses be involved in their conferences.

Cities respond

In Natchez, Miss., the convention bureau named a minority affairs director and
began promoting the city's black heritage through tours and brochures. During
its two-year existence, the Greater New Orleans Black Tourism network has lured
more than 200 events to town. Greensboro, N.C., was selected last year by the
National Black Police Association after city officials made a pitch for their
convention. Nashville hosted the NAACP convention last month as a result of
dogged attempts to promote the city to black meeting planners.

Even Atlanta, long heralded as a national leader in recognizing black interests,
concedes that it has not pursued black conventioneers like their white
counterparts.

"We were not as aggressive as we probably needed to be," said Daryl Toor,
spokesman for the Atlanta Convention and Visitors Bureau.

But Atlanta is changing. The ACVB used the recently concluded National Black
Arts Festival to showcase black businesses. The bureau's first brochure
highlighting black attractions such as the Sweet Auburn business district, the
King Center and the Apex Museum was released during the festival.

Looking south

The new interest comes at a time when blacks are returning to the South in
record numbers to retrace their heritage and participate in family reunions. It
has made the South the nation's No. 1 region for black travel, Mr. Herbert said.

Making black convention business even more appealing is the fact that black
travelers often schedule meetings on summer weekends, when hotel occupancy is
low, Mr. Herbert added. He said blacks also tend to stay in town longer, and
spend more money, than other travelers.

It was that pattern, combined with the promise of millions of dollars, that made
the convention bureau in Jacksonville, Fla., form a separate minority division
to woo black business. In less than a year, the minority division has booked $
2.5 million worth of meetings.

Division director Larry Walter said he has identified black trade shows where he
and an assistant can lobby for convention business. His division has compiled a
list of black vendors, and it conducts seminars to train them on how to serve
visiting groups.

''We want to know what's important to blacks, then we want to fulfill that need.
We're saying we want their business," Mr. Walter said. "Our city has been
sensitized."

Using clout

Officials of black organizations report that they are not universally treated
with sensitivity. But when they raise objections to what they consider unfair
treatment, they're getting a very different response than in years past:

The mayor of Pittsburgh apologized to the Progressive National Baptist
Convention after the group's officials said two downtown hotels were
unresponsive to their complaints about room service last year.

An assistant manager at a St. Louis hotel was dismissed after the National Bar
Association, a group of 15,000 black lawyers, complained about threats to evict
its president-elect.

A Charleston, S.C., hotel apologized to the National Black Police Association
after the group complained its members' rooms hadn't been cleaned.

Oliver Childs, president of the National Coalition of Black Meeting Planners in
Washington, said if cities and hotels don't measure up, blacks are encouraged to
take their business elsewhere. "We like to do business with our friends," he
said.

These apologies illustrate the growing recognition of the economic clout of
black organizations. Nowhere is that clout more evident than in Miami, where a
boycott was triggered by what was regarded as the snubbing of South African
activist leader Nelson Mandela by local officials.

Fueling resentment over the flap was the relatively low number of blacks working
in the city's multibillion-dollar tourism industry. Boycott organizers claim
their strike has cost the city $ 28 million to $ 40 million in lost business,
while city officials say the loss is more like $ 10 million.

Whatever the amount, huge numbers of black travelers are staying away. The 1992
Blackbook, a guide to black-owned firms, shows that not a single one of 94
national groups chose Miami for its convention this year.

Negotiations to end the impasse have produced 50 scholarships for black
residents who want to learn hotel management, increased minority hires by hotels
and an unprecedented promise by the powerful hotel labor union of hundreds more
jobs for black waiters. Chart: The quest for black conventioneers An increasing
number of cities are trying to get black conventioneers to pay a visit. The
potential economic impact is large: - 300 non-profit organizations hold
conventions annually - About 80 percent of the conventioneers fly to the host
cities - The conventioneers tend to stay three or four days, using part of the
trip as a vacation - Last year, blacks spent $ 22 billion on conventions and
tourism Sources: The Jacksonville Convention & Visitors Bureau, the National
Black Chamber of Commerce and the Travel Industry Association

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH922480114

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Janice Holyfield of Huntsville, Ala., dressed as an
Egpytian, traveled to Louisville, Ky., to appear in the Shriner's parade / Renee
Hannans / staff Color Photo: Black Shriners in a parade in Louisville, Ky. /
Associated Press

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution

                              495 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

             February 26, 1998, Thursday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Lyons arrested

BYLINE: MONICA DAVEY; CRAIG PITTMAN; MIKE WILSON; DAVID BARSTOW

SECTION: NATIONAL; LYONS ARRESTED; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 3545 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Pinellas-Pasco prosecutors charged Baptist leader Henry J. Lyons with
racketeering and grand theft on Wednesday, alleging that he and several aides
in the National Baptist Convention USA Inc. used fraud and extortion to steal
millions of dollars.

Lyons turned himself in at the Pinellas County Jail at 3:15 p.m. and was
released in lieu of $ 100,000 bail about 20 minutes later.

Bernice Edwards, a former convention employee and a convicted embezzler,  also
was arrested Wednesday in Wisconsin.

During regular services Wednesday night, Lyons told his congregation that  he
did not understand the charges against him and complained about how much  his
attorneys are costing.

At one point during the service at Bethel Metropolitan Baptist Church,  members
stood and applauded Lyons. "My name will be cleared," he told the  congregation.

Lyons, NBC president since 1994, and the convention's board of directors  have
scheduled a news conference for today at the organization's World Center  in
Nashville.

Attorney Grady Irvin declined to respond to any of the specific allegations
contained in the three-count information or an 82-page affidavit seeking a
warrant for the arrests of Lyons and Edwards.

Lyons is charged with one count of violating the Racketeer Influenced and
Corrupt Organization Act, a first-degree felony, and two counts of grand  theft,
also felonies. Edwards is named as a co-defendant in the racketeering  count.

If convicted as charged, Lyons likely would face a prison term of less than  10
years, lawyers said.

Pinellas-Pasco State Attorney Bernie McCabe, whose office began  investigating
Lyons last July, declined to comment. Federal authorities have  not yet
completed their investigation of Lyons.

The arrest affidavit, written by David A. Kurash, an investigator for  McCabe,
accuses Lyons of using the good name of the National Baptist  Convention USA to
swindle millions of dollars from big corporations by  inflating the convention's
membership. It accuses him of selling one company a  list of black church
members so patently phony that it included an official of  the Ku Klux Klan.

It accuses him of taking thousands of dollars intended for burned churches  and
spending it on himself, his family and an employee described as his  "paramour."

It says he invoked his friendship with President Clinton to extort half a
million dollars from one company.

It says he hid $ 4.8-million in a secret convention account, the Baptist
Builder Fund at the United Bank in St. Petersburg. To keep it hidden, he
supplied a false Employer Identification Number to the bank so no tax  documents
would be sent to the convention headquarters.

Around noon Wednesday, Lyons' attorneys, family and church members began
gathering at the St. Petersburg offices of one of his lawyers. Just before 3
p.m., Lyons, seated beside his wife in the back of an Infiniti sport utility
vehicle, rode in a caravan of lawyers and reporters to the Pinellas County
Jail. His daughter, Vonda, drove.

Lyons looked serious, but relaxed, as he entered the booking area with his
lawyers. Attorney F. Lee Bailey draped his arm around Lyons as he stepped into
a fingerprinting and photographing section.

Deborah Lyons sat beside her daughters on benches in the waiting area of  the
jail. "We're standing on God's promises," Mrs. Lyons said.

Twenty minutes later, Henry Lyons emerged. Mrs. Lyons rushed to stand near  him.
"Pray for us," she said to watching reporters. Are you supporting your  husband?
a reporter asked. "All the way."

In Milwaukee, Edwards was arrested Wednesday evening, about an hour after
Milwaukee authorities received the warrant from Florida. She had not been
released from the jail late Wednesday, jail officials said.

Today, she is scheduled to appear before a judge. There, she can request a
hearing if she wants to fight extradition to Florida. Neither Edwards nor her
attorney could be reached for comment.

Inflated membership

   Lyons and Edwards are accused of using wildly inflated NBC membership
numbers and phony claims of a membership list to make deals with large
corporations. The companies were eager to sell their products to
African-Americans and were pleased when Lyons, Edwards and other partners
offered them access to an NBC mailing list.

"These agreements essentially involved Lyons and/or NBC endorsing their
service, or product, in exchange for large payments and/or contributions to  the
NBC," the affidavit says. "Most of the funds, after being deposited to  the NBC
Baptist Builder bank account, were then diverted" to Lyons and  several aides.
"The NBC Baptist Builder bank account was used to "launder'  the funds."

The list of NBC members that Lyons and his partners tried to peddle to
companies, the affidavit says, was a "complete hoax and does not exist." In
truth, no mailing list of NBC members existed with the exception of "a few
thousand names in a computer."

So Lyons told his employees to make one up, the affidavit says. Lyons and  his
employees pulled names from other groups, old business cards, anywhere.  "Most
of these people on the list were not Baptist or NBC members, and many  were not
black," Renee Fagans, a former employee of NBC convention official  Brenda
Harris, told the investigators.

Lyons' membership claims also were wrong, the affidavit says. Though Lyons  and
his partners represented the NBC as the largest black Baptist group with
8.5-million members, the group is far smaller.

"Everyone knew that wasn't true," Lynda Shorter, Lyons' former assistant,  told
investigators. "Lyons would just make up a figure for the number of  churches in
a particular state, and he would then make up a figure for how  many members in
each state." Lyons chuckled as he made up the numbers,  Shorter said.

"The companies. . . . relying on Lyons, Bernice Edwards and (Palatka  minister
Fred) Demps' representations, paid millions of dollars to the NBC.  The victims
then lost all or substantially all of their funds," the affidavit  stated.

In 1995, officials at Globe Accident and Life Insurance Co. of Oklahoma  City
met with Lyons and Edwards. The company said it wanted to market its  insurance
to Baptists and Lyons said he wanted to help his members because  "it saddened
him when a member died and there was little or no insurance to  provide a proper
burial for the deceased."

A deal was struck. Globe paid $ 400,000 for a list of names and addresses.

But Globe's promotional mailing was a disaster. The mailing list didn't  seem to
be reaching black Baptists. The chairman of the board of Globe's  parent
company, who was not a member of the NBC, received the mailing. So did  other
Globe employees. So did an Imperial Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.

Told of the concerns, Lyons told Globe officials it wasn't his fault;  someone
had purposely sabotaged the membership list after he won a hard-fought  election
in 1994.

Hoping the contract could be salvaged, Globe gave Edwards and Lyons a  second
chance: For an additional $ 600,000, Globe would get "exclusive use"  of the
NBC's list for three years. Lyons and Globe officials signed another  contract.
Again, the mailing list was a mess, the affidavit says.

Robert Richey, Globe's representative on the NBC project, told authorities  that
Lyons and the NBC "defrauded" Globe for more than $ 1-million and that  the
project was the worst "he had ever been associated with."

The company's president, Mark McAndrew, said it was the "worst business  deal he
has ever been involved in."

Corporate deals

   According to the affidavit, Lyons and Edwards also extorted and defrauded
millions of dollars from the Loewen Group, a large Canadian funeral company,
then used the money to finance six-figure spending sprees on clothes, jewelry
and real estate.

As Lyons and Loewen negotiated a partnership to market Loewen products,  Lyons
solicited several "contributions" for the convention, including  $ 70,000 for
his "Christian Education Fund" and $ 100,000 for a new drug  rehabilitation
program.

According to one Loewen executive, "Lyons told him if Loewen Group would  make
the contribution to the drug rehabilitation program, he would set up a  meeting
between Ray Loewen, the corporate chairman, and President Bill  Clinton."

Much of the money from those contributions ended up with Lyons or his  friends,
the affidavit alleges. Days after one $ 30,000 contribution, Lyons  transferred
$ 25,500 into his personal savings account, the affidavit states.  Days after
the $ 70,000 donation for the education fund, Lyons wrote checks to  himself for
$ 50,000, to Edwards for $ 10,000 and to a company owned by Harris  for $ 8,939.

As for the $ 100,000 contribution for drug rehabilitation, "there are no
withdrawals which can be identified as relating to any "drug rehabilitation'
program." But there were checks for jewelry, hotel bills and private school
tuition for Edwards' daughter.

Edwards portrayed herself as "very wealthy," the affidavit says. She said  she
owned hundreds of radio stations, television stations and newspapers.  "The
investigation established that these were all completely untrue," the  affidavit
says. Her taxable income in 1995 was $ 2,956, her tax records showed.

In late 1995, Loewen was hit by a $ 500-million judgment in a Mississippi  civil
suit. The suit threatened to bankrupt the company. According to two  Loewen
executives, Larry Miller and Tim Hogenkamp, Lyons and Edwards called  after the
verdict to offer some unusual help. Lyons, they said, offered to use  his
"connections" in Mississippi to get the verdict reversed.

"Miller said Lyons and (Edwards) stated that it would cost up to  $ 2-million;
that they would have to pay various retainers and otherwise to  hire the "right
people,' such as investigators and lawyers."

In January 1996, Loewen settled the Mississippi suit for $ 175-million. Days
later, Lyons and Edwards called the Loewen executives, the affidavit states.

"Where is our money?" they asked, according to the executives. "You  authorized
us to spend $ 2-million and we have already spent the money."

Prosecutors found no evidence that Lyons hired any lawyers or investigators  in
Mississippi to help Loewen.

The Loewen executives asked for receipts. Lyons and Edwards said receipts  were
on the way. The executives "trusted Lyons" and "believed he was "the  black
Pope' " so they sent $ 500,000 to a bank account in Milwaukee. Lyons and
Edwards provided "the name and bank routing number" of the account, held  under
the name J.H. Associates at the Guaranty Bank.

This account, the affidavits alleges, "was nothing more than a "hidden'
personal bank account used to "launder' the funds obtained from the Loewen
Group."

In all, Lyons and Edwards shared five bank accounts: three accounts at  United
Bank in St. Petersburg, two in Milwaukee and one at Mercantile Bank in  St.
Petersburg. Lyons' name was not listed on J.H. Associates, but the  affidavit
alleges that Loewen money flowed back and forth between the account  and the
Baptist Builder Fund.

When Lyons and Edwards provided no receipts, Loewen sent no more money.

Weeks later, Lyons and Edwards called again.

"I want my money or I am prepared to call a press conference terminating  our
agreement," Hogenkamp quoted Lyons as saying. Hogenkamp said Lyons  threatened
to "denounce the company in very unfavorable terms" and to  instigate an
investigation of Loewen by members of the Congressional Black  Caucus.

"Hogenkamp stated that he believed he was being blackmailed," the  affidavit
states.

Loewen wired another $ 500,000 to the J.H. Associates account.

According to the affidavit, Lyons and Edwards used the $ 1-million in this
account to finance the purchase of a $ 700,000 home on Tierra Verde. Edwards
told a real estate agent that "she and Lyons were going to live at the  house."
Edwards also dipped into the money for $ 60,000 in "expensive  clothing," $
53,000 for jewelry and $ 28,500 for furniture.

Aid for black colleges

   The affidavit says Lyons often promised to turn over money from  corporations
to traditionally black colleges. Instead, Lyons deposited most of  the money
into the Baptist Builder Fund, the affidavit says.

In one instance, Lyons solicited a $ 600,000 donation from United American
Insurance Co., an affiliate of Globe, saying he was going to give the money to
Selma University in Alabama. He said the school "was in dire financial
condition and was about to close," the affidavit says.

Lyons deposited the $ 600,000 into the Baptist Builder Fund on Oct. 24,  1995.
Two days later, he sent $ 266,000 to a secret Milwaukee bank account  controlled
by Bernice Edwards. Two days after that, he wrote a $ 50,000 check  directly to
Edwards. He used $ 20,000 to buy a luxury time-share condominium  for himself
and Edwards. And he deposited $ 55,000 into his personal accounts.

Within 10 days, $ 463,700 of the $ 600,000 was gone - and none of it went to
Selma University.

In his public statements, Lyons grossly overstated the sums the convention  gave
to the colleges, the affidavit says.

For example, he said he gave $ 40,000 to Florida Memorial College in Miami,  but
Kurash says only $ 9,000 in Baptist Builder Fund checks went to the school.
Several schools that Lyons said received donations of $ 2,500 received no money

 at all.

In all, Lyons claimed the convention gave $ 1.65-million. But Lyons wrote  only
$ 287,000 in Baptist Builder Fund checks to black colleges, the affidavit  says.

Though Lyons also claimed he gave tens of thousands of dollars of his own  money
to the colleges, all the known personal bank accounts of Henry and  Deborah
Lyons showed only two checks made payable to colleges or seminaries,  the
affidavit says. The total: $ 1,500.

Aid for burned churches

   Prosecutors also charged Lyons with two counts of grand theft, accusing him
of stealing thousands of dollars intended to help burned churches.

In November 1996, the Anti-Defamation League presented Lyons with a check  for $
225,000 to be given to Southern churches that were burned down. The day  after
Lyons deposited the check into the Baptist Builder Fund, he transferred  $
60,000 to his personal savings account at United Bank, the affidavit says.
(There was an NBC account for the burned churches, but none of the ADL money
was deposited there, the affidavit says.)

Lyons gave another $ 25,000 to a woman the affidavit identifies as "Lyons'
paramour," Brenda Harris, the NBC conventions and meetings director.

Lyons sent another $ 4,000 of the money to "an interior decorator for
decorating services at his personal residence in St. Petersburg," the  affidavit
says.

Two weeks later, Lyons asked for more money from the ADL for burned  churches.
ADL officials asked him to account for how he spent the first  contribution.
Lyons sent ADL officials a letter naming six Alabama churches  that he said had
been given $ 35,000 each.

Lyons actually wrote checks totaling $ 39,000 to three churches, "then used
much of the ADL funds for his own use," the affidavit says.

Not a dime went to any other churches, even though they desperately needed
money to rebuild, Kurash wrote. Instead, Lyons took $ 60,000 for his own bank
account, then transferred money out of that account to an investment account  he
had at Raymond James, the investigator wrote.

According to Kurash, some of the rest went to three of the women in his  life: $
25,300 for Harris; $ 12,177 to his wife, Deborah; $ 2,094 went to his  daughter,
Stephanie Lyons.

Lyons also spent $ 4,000 to pay off his own credit card bills, Kurash wrote.

In fact, right after he asked the ADL for more money, Lyons and Edwards  bought
a new 1997 Mercedes S600V using $ 37,500 from the Baptist Builder Fund,  the
affidavit says. On Wednesday night, Lyons told his congregation he has  sold the
$ 135,000 Mercedes, which had been in the name of Edwards and the  church, for $
95,000.

Investigators contend that the money Lyons spent on Brenda Harris also  should
count as his personal funds because the two had been engaged in a  long-term
extra-marital affair financed by the NBC.

Harris' assistant, Renee Fagans, told investigators "that Henry Lyons had  told
her that he was in love with Brenda Harris and that he was going to marry  her."

 Fagans said Harris bragged "that she and Lyons were going to be  married as
soon as he could "get rid of his alcoholic wife.' "

Lyons and Harris once took a trip to New York together, Fagans said, "and  he
bought her a very expensive mink coat, as well as repeatedly sending her  very
substantial amounts of money."

From June 1995 to July 1997, Lyons sent Harris at least $ 523,370 from the
Baptist Builder Fund and other NBC accounts, the affidavit says. He also sent
her another $ 100,000 from an NBC Convention bank account, but some of that may

 have been related to her travel agency, the affidavit says.

- Times staff writer Jounice Nealy and researcher Carolyn Hardnett contributed
to this report.

THE AFFIDAVIT

State prosecutors have accused National Baptist Convention USA president Henry
Lyons of:

 Stealing nearly $ 200,000 intended to help burned churches, spending  $ 25,000
of it on a female convention employee identified as "Lyons'  paramour."

 Swindling nearly $ 3-million from corporations by inflating the number of  NBC
members and then selling them a phony mailing list of black church members  that
included a grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan.

 Extorting a half-million dollars from a cemetery company by invoking his
friendship with President Clinton and threatening to denounce company  officials
from the steps of the Capitol.

 Hiding $ 4.8-million in a secret bank account, with no records of where  the
money came from or where it went.

 Giving black colleges far less money than he has claimed, instead  spending
donations on himself and his friends.  THE MONEY TRAIL

Henry J. Lyons has collected millions of dollars during his tenure as leader  of
the National Baptist Convention USA Inc. Below is a chart describing what  is
known about where the money came from, where it was put, and how it was  spent.
The dollar amounts come from convention documents, court records and  interviews
with Lyons and others.

1. WHERE MONEY CAME FROM.

More than $ 1 million from The Loewen Group, a Canadian funeral company

$ 1,000,000 from Globe Life and Accident Insurance Co. in Oklahoma City

Between $ 100,000 and $ 1 million from Nettelle Systems Ltd., a Virginia phone
company.

$ 350,000 from the government of Nigeria

$ 300,000 from Union Planters Bank in Nashville.

$ 244,500 from the New York-based Anti-Defamation League to repair burned
churches.

$ 225,000 from General Motors

$ 50,000 from Heart and Soul magazine

$ 50,000 from Lincoln Life Insurance Co. of Indiana.

$ 37,500 from United American Insurance Co.

$ 25,000 from the Florida sugar industry.

$ 15,000 from Alabama Power Co.

$ 15,000 from African-American Church Health & Economic Services (medical
insurance

$ 10,000 from Quincy Farms, a mushroom manufacturer.

2. ACCOUNTS THAT HELD MONEY

National Baptist Convention USA Inc. Baptist Builder Fund at the United Bank
and Trust Co. in St. Petersburg.

J.H. Associates, an account at the Guaranty Bank of Milwaukee.

Henry J. Lyons and Bernice V. Edwards joint checking account at the Mercantile
Bank in St. Petersburg.

3. HOW MONEY WAS SPENT

$ 226,000 toward the purchase of a $ 700,000 home on Tierra Verde

$ 214,500 to reimburse the Anti-Defamation League for church-burning donations
Lyons withheld

$ 75,000 toward the purchase of a $ 135,000 Mercedes-Benz

$ 38,700 on a 5.56-carat diamond ring

$ 32,000 advanced to help Bernice Edwards pay restitution for embezzling,
according to her lawyer. Lyons denies this.

$ 30,000 to help repair burned churches

$ 25,000 toward the purchase of jewelry from a Clearwater company

$ 22,000 on a luxury Lake Tahoe time-share condo

About $ 7,000 for diamond-studded cufflinks and a gold money clip

$ 3,500 worth of artwork for the Tierra Verde house

Improper $ 2,500 contribution to the Democratic party

$ 2,000 toward the planned purchase of a $ 925,000 mansion in Charlotte, N.C.

$ 1,000 for memberships to the exclusive Nashville City Club

Hundreds of thousands of dollars for convention expenses, including salaries,
office equipment, travel, printing, rental space, contributions to black
colleges.

Hundreds of thousands of dollars in payments to Lyons, Bernice Edwards, the
Rev. Frederick Demps, former secretary Bonita Henderson, aide Russell Odom and
convention official Brenda Harris.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, ANDREW INNERARITY; COLOR PHOTO, (2); BLACK AND WHITE
CHART; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (3); BLACK AND WHITE DRAWING; The Rev. Henry
Lyons, followed by his wife, Deborah, leaves the Pinellas County Jail complex;
Bernice Edwards; Lawrence Singleton; gives details as to where money came from,
accounts that held money and how money was spent; shows home on Tierra Verde;
shows planned purchase mansion in Charlotte, N.C.; shows copy of check used as a
down payment on a 5.56-carat diamond ring; Mercedes Benz symbol

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company

                              496 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 14, 2008 Friday

FBI searching for robbers who hit two west metro banks

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 298 words


Two robbers hit two banks in two days this week, the FBI announced Thursday.

Around 6:45 a.m. Thursday, a lone masked gunman robbed the TCF Bank on Highway 7
in St. Louis Park, authorities said. The bank was closed, so he threw a chunk of
asphalt through the glass doors to get in. He jumped over a counter and entered
a back room where employees were working.

He pointed a black, semi-automatic handgun at them and ordered them onto the
floor. Then he ordered them to put money into a canvas bank bag he had with him.
He also received a dye pack that exploded so he may have red dye on his hands or
clothes. He fled with an undisclosed amount of money.

This suspect is described as a black or Hispanic male, possibly 25 to 35 years
old, about 5 feet 10 inches to 6 feet tall and 180 pounds to 200 pounds. He wore
a black nylon stocking mask over his face, a gray hooded sweatshirt, brown
thigh-length down jacket, black running pants, white tennis shoes and black
gloves.

Authorities believe this man is responsible for three other metro-area
robberies.

A day earlier, a lone man entered the West Financial Credit Union branch in
Plymouth around 1:30 p.m. and gave the teller a note demanding money,
authorities said. He followed it up with a verbal demand. He fled with an
undisclosed amount of money.

This suspect is described as a white male between 50 and 60 years of age, 5 feet
9 inches to 5 feet 10 inches tall and 170 pounds to 180 pounds. He had
salt-and-pepper hair, a scruffy, untrimmed beard and moustache. He wore dark
sunglasses, dark-colored hooded sweat shirt and black leather gloves.

Anyone with information on either robbery should call the Minneapolis FBI at
612-376-3200. A reward is being offered for information leading to the arrest
and indictment of these bank robbers.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pictured: Robbery of West Financial Credit Union in Plymouth, Minnesota
(left); holdup at TCF Bank in St. Louis Park. Click image for larger view

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              497 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   May 21, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

BENEFITS

BYLINE: With next Sunday's issue, the Benefits column suspends publication for
the summer. It will resume in the fall.

SECTION: Section 9; Page 11; Column 1; Style Desk

LENGTH: 1355 words



Ripples From the Hudson to Harlem
TUESDAY -- The Children's Storefront will raise money for its tuition-free
school for children in Harlem with a dinner and a dance at Pier 60 at Chelsea
Piers on the Hudson. Two Broadway stars, Audra McDonald and Linda Eder, will
perform. Cocktail reception at 6:30; dinner at 7:30. Tickets, $500, from (212)
838-2660.


A Garden No Longer Secret
TUESDAY -- The reopening of the restored Japanese garden at the Brooklyn Botanic
Garden will be celebrated at a dinner to raise money for the educational and
outreach programs of the Brooklyn garden. Cocktails at 6:30 will be followed by
a performance of taiko drummers. Dinner will be served at 8 in the Palm House.
Tickets, $350, from (718) 623-7212.

A Son Lives On, in Hearts and Minds
TUESDAY -- Stevie Wonder and Lou Rawls will perform at a benefit dinner and
auction for a scholarship program at Fordham University named after Bill Cosby's
late son, Ennis William Cosby. The program will provide 20 full-tuition
scholarships for students training to be certified classroom teachers. The
evening at Cipriani, 110 East 42nd Street, begins with a cocktail reception and
silent auction at 6:30, with dinner at 7:30 and a live auction. Tickets, $1,000,
from (212) 564-6367, ext. 11.

For Students Far From Home
TUESDAY -- A dinner in the delegates' dining room at the United Nations will
raise money for Metro International, which provides services and programs for
the 50,000 international students attending colleges and universities in the New
York area. The evening begins with drinks at 6:15, dinner is at 7:30 and there
will be an awards ceremony at 8:30. Black tie or national dress. Tickets, $350,
from (212) 431-1195, ext. 25.

To Dine, So That Others May Design
TUESDAY -- Joan Rivers, Pauline Trigere, Bruce Weber and Naomi Leff will be
among those honored at a dinner at the Russian Tea Room. The evening will raise
money for student scholarships and the new design center at Pratt Institute.
Arlene Dahl will be the host of the event, which begins with drinks at 6:30,
followed by dinner at 7:30. Black tie. Tickets, $500, from (212) 573-6933.
Budding Artists in Search of Patrons

TUESDAY -- Students at the Harlem School for the Arts will perform at a dinner
to assist the school's tuition-free college preparatory and middle-school arts
programs. The evening at the Supper Club, 240 West 47th Street, begins with
drinks and a silent auction at 6. Dinner at 7 will be followed by a live
auction. Robert McDuffie, a violinist, will also perform. Tickets, $350, from
(212) 926-4100, ext. 306.

Humanitarian Awards
TUESDAY -- The Steven J. Ross Humanitarian Award dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria
will benefit the worldwide social service programs of UJA-Federation. Joy Behar,
the comedian, will perform. Edward Bleier, the president of the Warner Brothers
Pay TV, Cable and Network Features division, and Martin Pompadur, the executive
vice president of the News Corporation, will be honored. Black tie. The evening
begins with cocktails at 6:30. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 836-1853.

A Family Function
WEDNESDAY -- A dinner-dance at the Plaza will raise money for Graham-Windham
Services to Families and Children. The black-tie evening begins at 6 with a
cocktail reception, followed by dinner at 7:30 and dancing to the music of the
Sharaye White Orchestra. Jane Hanson, a news anchor at WNBC-TV, will be the
host. Tickets, $375, from (212) 838-6033.

Two Artists in Their Linguine Period
WEDNESDAY -- The Asia Society will raise money at a black-tie event offering an
art exhibition that's a feast for more than the eyes. Mimi Oka and Doug Fitch
will present pasta dinners as artworks, which will later be served for dinner at
8 p.m. in a private loft. Daniel Boulud and a team of chefs will cook the main
course. The evening begins at 7 with drinks, hors d'oeuvres and an art display
at Ethan Cohen Fine Arts, 37 Walker Street (Church Street), and will support the
educational and cultural programs of the Asia Society. Dinner will follow.
Tickets, $300, from (212) 327-9360.

Cocktails for Art's Sake
WEDNESDAY -- A cocktail party for young art collectors will raise money for
scholarships at the New York Studio School of Drawing, Painting and Sculpture.
The evening, which begins at 8 at the school, 8 West Eighth Street, will offer
exhibitions of work by students and alumni. Tickets, $35, from (212) 673-6466,
ext. 14.

Jazz for Art's Sake
WEDNESDAY -- A cocktail party featuring Latin jazz by Papo Vazquez will benefit
a program for artists at the Bronx Museum of the Arts. The evening, at Lot 61,
550 West 21st Street, will raise money for a 12-week seminar on career
management skills. Tickets, $150, from (212) 243-7300.

Honoring Joseph Papp
WEDNESDAY -- Meryl Streep and others will pay tribute to Joseph Papp's memory at
Bridgewaters, 11 Fulton Street, at the South Street Seaport. The event will
raise money to build mobile medical clinics, which will be used to treat
children in Ukraine and other Eastern European countries. The evening begins
with cocktails at 6, followed by dinner and staged dramatic readings from
several of Mr. Papp's productions, performed by Elliot Gould, Bob Dishy, Susan
Lucci, Kevin Kline, Tony Randall and other performers. Black tie. Tickets, $500,
from (718) 467-8830, ext. 212.

Art for Art's Sake
MAY 31 -- Two new exhibitions of the works of Maxfield Parrish and William
Merritt Chase will be on display for the Brooklyn Museum of Art's annual ball.
The black-tie event raises money for programs that include exhibitions and
educational services. Drinks at 6:30 will be followed by dinner at 8 and dancing
to the music of Peggy Cone and the Central Park Stompers. Henry Luce III will be
honored for his commitment to the arts. Tickets, $300, from (718) 638-5000, ext.
286.

A Night for Remembering
MAY 31 -- The Simon Wiesenthal Center will benefit from a black-tie dinner at
the Waldorf-Astoria. The organization's programs include a speakers' bureau of
Holocaust survivors; outreach to students in public, private and parochial
schools; and community events. Tom Brokaw will be the master of ceremonies, and
Maurice R. Greenberg, chairman and chief executive of the American International
Group, will be honored. Drinks at 6:30 will be followed by dinner at 7. Tickets,
$750, (212) 888-7003.

Culture, as Revealed in Families
MAY 31 -- The China Institute in America, an educational and cultural center,
will raise money at a dinner at Cipriani, 110 East 42nd Street. The evening,
which will celebrate the role and tradition of the family in Chinese culture,
will benefit the organization's seminars, art exhibitions and educational and
public programs. Drinks at 6 will be followed by dinner at 7:30. Black-tie or
festive Chinese attire. Tickets, $500, from (212) 675-9474.

What Is a Garden Without Green?
JUNE 1 -- The New York Botanical Garden will hold its annual Conservatory Ball
to raise money for its exhibition and educational programs. The black-tie
evening begins at 7:30 with drinks, followed by dinner at 8:30 and dancing to
the music of Bob Hardwick. Tickets, $500, from (212) 573-6933.

An Evening for the Community
JUNE 1 -- The Century Ball of the New York section of the National Council of
Jewish Women will be held at the Metropolitan Club, 1 East 60th Street. The
black-tie evening will raise money for the organization's community service
programs. Drinks at 7 will be followed by dinner and dancing at 8. Tickets,
$325, from (212) 687-5030, ext. 25.

Plumes in the East River, for Health
JUNE 2 -- Pete Hamill will be among those honored at the Founders Ball, which
raises money for construction of the Brooklyn Hospital Center's new addition and
will take place under tents on the Brooklyn Bridge Esplanade. The black-tie
evening begins at 6:30 with the awards, with drinks at 7. At 7:30, a New York
City fireboat will put on a water display in the East River; dinner will follow
at 8. Music by the Peter Duchin Orchestra. Tickets, $400, from (718) 250-7799.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 23, 2000, Tuesday

CORRECTION:

A report in the Benefits column of Sunday Styles this week about a dinner and
show tomorrow at Bridgewaters, at the South Street Seaport, to raise money for
children's mobile clinics in Eastern European countries misstated the
information telephone number. It is (212) 467-6630, extension 212.


                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company

                              498 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       January 27, 2002 Sunday 2D EDITION

No black governors? Here's why

BYLINE: Ken Hamblin,

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. D-04

LENGTH: 808 words


In what may be the perfect example of malicious, runaway  journalism, the front
page of the Jan. 21 edition of USA Today  featured photos of the governors of
America's 50 states with the  following headline:

'THESE ARE AMERICA'S GOVERNORS. NO BLACKS. NO HISPANICS.'


The article featured a niggling chart that implied racism  must be the reason
for the absence of blacks and Hispanics at the  gubernatorial level, because
African-Americans represent about  12.3 percent of the population and Hispanics
12.5 percent, but  there are zero governors.

USA Today sought to strengthen its point by noting that at  just 3 percent,
minorities are equally under-represented in the  Senate.

It was just the kind of newspaper story that  professional-victim
African-Americans all across America love to  see because it reinforces their
tired argument that life in the  United States is inherently unfair to any man
or woman whose skin  is black.

Unfashionable though it may be, the article moved me to  ponder some of the
things that might make it tougher for blacks  and Hispanics to get elected in
statewide gubernatorial races.

The answers I came away with seem obvious, at least to  me, and have nothing to
do with the age-old notion that the United  States is still a hopelessly racist
country.

First, consider these questions: Is it politically  ethical for anyone other
than an African-American to represent  black people in a majority black
community like, for example,  Harlem? Can anyone other than a Hispanic fairly
represent an  inner-city community with a Hispanic majority?

Think about it. What would be wrong with an Asian-American  representing
Hispanics in Northeast Denver? Or a Jewish  congressman elected from Northeast
Denver?

If your answer was, 'Nothing at all, but African-Americans  and Hispanics
wouldn't stand for it,' then you've taken the first  step to understanding why
black and Hispanic politicians are as  rare as chickens with lips at the
gubernatorial level.

In a lunatic dash for political parity, so-called  progressives have encouraged
short-sighted minority politicians to  pursue the least resistant road to
political gains by selling them  on the notion that only blacks can represent
blacks, and only  Hispanics can represent Hispanics.

Intentionally or not, that ideology produced a monopoly-rule  mentality. And
while it worked well in the short term to get the  first minorities elected to
any office, it has failed miserably in  training minority politicians to seek
broader constituencies.

By creating this racial political rule, minority  politicians effectively have
restricted themselves to the limited  political domain of crumbling cities they
traditionally mismanage.

    Why would a Euro-American voter living in Fruita or Grand  Junction even
consider voting for a black or Hispanic politician  whose social and political
agenda is personified by the ideology  of Jesse Jackson, Al Sharpton or La Raza?

Then think about what it takes to win a statewide election.

Lots of money, first of all. And the credibility to  convince your constituents
that you share their moral, political  and social values.

In that department, black and Hispanic politicians whose  power base is usually
rooted in ideologies of higher taxes and  more welfare for the poor aren't
likely to flourish beyond the  boundaries of their urban domains.

In the matter of raising the funds needed to compete in a  statewide election,
USA Today predictably quoted the usual  suspects to bemoan the fact that
minority politicians are  confronted by a shortage of campaign funds.

Naturally, the primary reason cited was racism.

The article noted that: 'Most minority politicians have a  harder time raising
money .' Rep. Donald Payne, D-N.J., added:  'People just don't give money to
black candidates.'

USA Today also suggested that 'prejudice against the  cities' was another
reason. 'Many of the nation's best and  brightest black politicians are mayors.
There's kind of a  prejudice against urban officials running statewide,' former
  Baltimore mayor Kurt Schmoke says.

But I believe the inefficient management of cities by the  so-called 'best and
brightest black politicians' - like former  Mayor Dennis Archer of Detroit and
Mayor Marc Morial of New  Orleans - may be a good reason why the idea of
electing minority  politicians to a higher office leaves an unpleasant taste in
  voters' mouths.

And these could be some of the reasons, beyond racism,  why USA Today's rogues
gallery of governors is, at least for now,  lily-white.

Ken Hamblin (bac@compuserve.com; www.hamblin.com) writes Sundays  in The Post
and hosts a syndicated radio talk show.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              499 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 1, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

HOUSE CURBS ITS OWN SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS

BYLINE: By STEVEN V. ROBERTS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 39, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 676 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 31


The House of Representatives has established a set of rules governing the
behavior of special interest caucuses on Capitol Hill -groups of lawmakers who
band together to promote the cause of mushrooms and steel, New England and the
Sun Belt, women and blacks.

Some of these groups, formally known as ''legislative service organizations,''
have been receiving money from outside sources and exerting a growing influence
on legislation, but they have existed in a legal limbo, without guidance from
Congress.

As adopted by the House Administration Committee last week, the new rules
provide that no caucus will be allowed to accept outside funds or retain offices
on Capitol Hill, where the caucus might benefit from the prestige and
perquisites of Congress.

The rules do not take effect until January, but already the caucuses are
planning for the change. The Congresswomen's Caucus, for instance, will accept
male members as a way of broadening its base.  The Hispanic Caucus says it will
have to drop its extensive scholarship program for young interns. The
Northeast-Midwest Coalition will lose access to its computer and word processor.


Future Abuses Feared

There is little evidence that caucuses receiving money from large corporations,
or even foreign countries, have misused those funds.  The argument is that the
situation looks bad and could be abused in the future.

''We have groups using Congressional facilities, using the stamp of Congress,
while taking special interest money,'' maintained Representative William R.
Ratchford, a Connecticut Democrat who headed the committee that drafted the new
rules. ''This has been a problem waiting to happen.''

Mr. Ratchford agrees that the new rules hardly solve the special interest
problem on Capitol Hill, since legislators continue to receive millions of
dollars in campaign contributions from such interests every year. The
Connecticut Democrat favors public financing of Congressional campaigns as a way
of undercutting special interest influence, but he concedes that such a plan
''wouldn't get out of the gate'' in the current Congress.

''I'll take a small victory any day of the week,'' the lawmaker said.  The first
caucuses were organized in the early 1960's, and today there are about 70
operating in the House. Many were formed in the last year or two, largely in
response to the growing role of the Federal Government and the need for more
information and support services by legislators.

Different Ways of Operating

Many of the 70 meet only occasionally and have no money, but 27 are financed by
donations from members' office accounts and maintain their own staffs of
researchers and publicists. Of those 27, about a dozen also receive money from
outside Congress and now face the choice of giving up the money or giving up
their space on Capitol Hill.

The issue came to Congressional attention after the Better Government
Association, an independent research organization, did a study of the caucus
system. Much of the concern focused on the Black Caucus, which sells tickets to
its annual dinner to foreign embassies, and the Travel and Tourism Caucus, which
is heavily financed by hotel and airline interests.

The new rules were widely supported by most of the caucuses, on the theory that
''one rotten apple'' could spoil the reputation of everyone, as one staff member
put it.

Small caucuses, such as the 18-member Black Caucus, complain that the rules
place ''an undue burden and disadvantage'' on them, in the words of Walter E.
Fauntroy, the nonvoting delegate to the House from the District of Columbia.

The blacks, along with the Hispanic and women's groups, feel that they are
under-represented in Congress, and should be allowed to enhance their influence
by raising outside funds.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company

                              500 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 13, 1995, Friday, City Edition

A test for school vouchers

BYLINE: ELLEN DEBENPORT

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1972 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE



Kate Helpser is a tiny blond who wears faded clothes and no makeup. Her
husband's income hovers somewhere above the poverty line. But she wants her  six
children to have the same education in Catholic schools that she did.

So Helpser was delighted this year when low-income children in Milwaukee  could
apply for vouchers to religious schools. It meant the taxpayers' money  that
otherwise would be spent on them in public schools could be used instead  for
tuition at church schools.

No other state has tried it.

Then just as school started, the Wisconsin Supreme Court stopped the  program
until it can decide whether vouchers violate the separation of church  and
state.

Helpser was disappointed. It's not that the public school in her  working-class
neighborhood was so bad.

"It was clean, it was painted, it was gorgeous. But every time I was  there,
there was a policeman picking up a kid or dropping one off," she said.

About 2,200 students who had planned to attend religious schools in  Milwaukee
with vouchers were left in the lurch by the Supreme Court's  injunction on Aug.
25.

But in an emergency fund-raising effort, the community pitched in  $ 1.8-million
to help cover tuition so they can stay in their schools until the  court rules.

This is the nation's first court test to see whether taxpayers' money can  be
used to pay tuition at religious schools for grades K-12. Big guns with big
bucks are fighting from both sides.

The lawsuit to stop vouchers was filed by the American Civil Liberties  Union,
the NAACP and other national groups. Conservative think tanks and  foundations
have joined the state of Wisconsin to defend vouchers.

Although Wisconsin was the first state to institute vouchers, they are  being
considered nearly everywhere. Ohio plans to try them next year. Florida
Education Commissioner Frank Brogan says he will propose pilot programs to the
Legislature in its next session. But Gov. Lawton Chiles opposes using tax  money
for private schools.

Vouchers are always controversial. Voters in California and Colorado
overwhelmingly defeated voucher proposals. And vouchers in Milwaukee have  split
the black community, the religious community and school officials.

Rescuing children

   The voucher program didn't start with religion in mind but as an attempt to
rescue the black children who were failing in Milwaukee's public schools, said
former Superintendent Howard Fuller.

"I do not believe in universal vouchers for people who already have  money," he
said. "What we're trying to do . . . is empower poor parents to  give them the
capacity to begin to exercise options for their children."

At the behest of a black state representative from Milwaukee, Polly  Williams,
the Legislature created a voucher program for the city's schools in  1990.
Originally, the plan applied only to non-religious private schools.

Although the program never mentioned race, it was limited to poor students.  And
because nearly 75 percent of Milwaukee's students are minorities, and  largely
poor, the vouchers went overwhelmingly to blacks and Hispanics.

While Fuller supported vouchers, the Milwaukee School Board did not. They
worked together in the meantime to improve the schools, but it wasn't radical
enough or fast enough to suit Fuller, who resigned in June.

"Relatively speaking, the Milwaukee public school system is - how can I  put it?
- there's serious efforts being made to change," Fuller said in an  interview.
"But the fact of the matter is that still, still almost 50 percent  of the
African-American kids who start out in the ninth grade do not  graduate."

Children could take vouchers and switch to private schools if the family's
income was no more than $ 26,000 for a family of four, the same level that
qualifies a child for free or reduced-price lunches.

But the original voucher program had only 850 children because private  schools
didn't have room for more. In Milwaukee and nationally, the majority  of private
schools are run by churches.

Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson, a Republican often mentioned as a possible
candidate for vice president, expanded the program this year to include
religious schools, taking the children's tuition directly from the Milwaukee
public schools' budget.

The vouchers are worth up to $ 3,600. Schools that accept them cannot charge
more and cannot screen students for academic abilities. Some schools, the  elite
academies where tuition is as high as $ 10,000, do not participate.  Others may
have all their students on vouchers.

Prayer and education

   The beginning of the school day. Two hundred minority children are in the
church sanctuary, clapping and singing at the top of their lungs.

Children of the kingdom,

That's who we are.

We love Jesus. (Woo!)

We love the Lord.

They are students at the school run by Holy Redeemer Church of God in  Christ, a
Pentecostal church where Pastor Sedgwick Daniels has been involved  in lobbying
for vouchers. About half his students would have had vouchers this  year.

But Daniels, a heavy man with an open face, started the school six years  ago
before vouchers were approved. He said he wanted to save minority children  who
were falling through the cracks.

"Blacks trust their church," Daniels said. "That's the strongest and  really the
only thing that blacks own. That's why religious schools for blacks  are
extremely important."

For their $ 1,950 tuition, Daniels said, the kids get smaller classes, a
tougher curriculum, lessons in values and citizenship and interaction with
teachers who are black and white, male and female. He said he makes a special
effort to include black men as role models for the boys.

Ernestine Tisdell-Lawrence appreciates that. She said her 7-year-old
Christopher idolizes the man who plays drums in the rousing Sunday church
services. "He even wants to sweat like Brother Leroy!" she said.

Tisdell-Lawrence is a resource teacher in the Milwaukee public schools, but  she
believes a religious school will reinforce the values she is teaching at  home.
She likes hearing Christopher sing praise songs instead of rap.

"I want him to learn to be respectful of all children and be able to  pray," she
said. "If he gets out of line, he has 10 people telling me he's  been naughty."


ACLU view

   Wisconsin's Constitution, like Florida's, specifically forbids using tax
money for religious schools.

The ACLU had no problem with vouchers until religious schools were added,  said
Chris Ahmuty, executive director of the Milwaukee ACLU. And it has no  problem
with religious schools unless they are supported with tax money. Then  the
program violates the separation of church and state.

"The religious school program isn't about educational reform," he said.  "It's a
funding scheme. It's about power and where the money comes and where  it goes."

Ahmuty says the money is going from the state to the church. Voucher  supporters
say it's going to the parents to spend where they like. That  question may be
the nub of the court fight.

It is already possible, the supporters say, for the parents of toddlers to  use
vouchers at church day-care centers. Older students can get state loans  and
grants for religious colleges. Why not the children in between?

"It's not going to bring down public schools. It's not going to destroy  the
Constitution. Those are defensive arguments from people who don't want to  lose
any power or lose any money," said Dan McKinley of PAVE, or Partners  Advancing
Values in Education.

PAVE is a nonprofit group that has been raising money privately since 1992  to
offer scholarships to low-income students. Similar efforts are being made  in
other cities; one started in Orlando this year.

PAVE was the outfit that raised $ 1.8-million in emergency donations after  the
Supreme Court stopped Milwaukee's vouchers.

Of that, $ 1-million came from the Bradley Foundation in Milwaukee, which is  a
major benefactor of conservative causes. It gives millions to conservative
think tanks in Washington and pays for research projects, including Charles
Murray's recent book, The Bell Curve, which attempted to link intelligence to
race.

"Choice has made strange political bedfellows," said Zakiya Courtney, a  black
mother of six who ran Parents for School Choice, a lobbying group for  vouchers.

"I know that the majority of people who support choice are white,  conservative,
Republican males. I also recognize that people have their own  agendas in terms
of why they want these things," she said. "It doesn't mean  we agree with
everything. I just think they're on target on that particular  issue."

The blacks and conservatives are aligned with Milwaukee's business  community to
support vouchers. Public schools are a monopoly that will never  reform without
competition, said Tim Sheehy, president of the Metropolitan  Milwaukee
Association of Commerce.

"We felt with school choice, we would a, break the monopoly; b, turn those
parents into true customers; and c, in the process, provide not only the kids
with a better educational opportunity but create competition and force the
public schools to make some changes."

Different opinions

   The children who have been in the voucher program the past four years have
been tracked for the Legislature by John Witte, a political science professor
at the University of Wisconsin. He found that their test scores didn't go up
and weren't any better than those of children in public schools.

But he also found that their parents loved the private schools. Attendance  was
up and parental involvement was higher. They liked the smaller classes and  the
discipline.

By all accounts, the Milwaukee public schools have some dedicated teachers  and
some burnouts, some excellent programs and some failures. The voucher  parents
interviewed for this story all had some of their children in public  schools as
well as private.

To prove that public schools can work well, the district points to  Thirty-first
Street Fundamental School, an inner-city elementary where 98  percent of the
children qualify for free lunches. The neighborhood has the  highest murder rate
in Milwaukee.

Yet the test scores are above average, and the school won a Certificate of
Merit last year from the federal Department of Education, one of 52 schools
recognized nationally. The kids seem to be learning busily and quietly, and
it's not unusual to see teachers hug them.

"I really believe all children can learn," Principal James Sonnenberg  said. "We
have challenging children here. We don't handpick our kids. They  come in off
the street. But we're going to do our best for all kids."

The children at Thirty-first Street might get vouchers to go somewhere  else,
said Bills, but they will never have the choices rich children have.  Vouchers
will never pay $ 10,000 tuition for fancy prep schools.

"You will continue to contain and isolate children by race and  economics," she
said. She sees in vouchers "the North's version of  segregation."

A better answer, Bills says, is to raise the standards for all students. By
next year, every Milwaukee high school graduate will have taken calculus, be
fluent in two languages, be able to write a 25-page paper and a one-page memo,
take one advanced placement course and participate in a sport or
extracurricular activity.

Her three children went to Milwaukee public schools, and indeed the schools
have some problems, she said. "Do you undermine your Constitution to get at a
few issues?"

- Staff writer Ellen Debenport can be reached by e-mail at
edebenportsptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Photo by MARK HOFFMAN; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Photo by
MARK HOFFMAN; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Julisa Williams and Ardyce Jackson pray
before class at the Holy Redeemer Academy in Milwaukee.; Teacher Nancy Paxton
talks to students during homeroom.; Howard Fuller

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company
