
                              501 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      July 8, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Smarter money;
 Donations to United Negro College Fund set record

BYLINE: Ernie Suggs, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: CityLife Atlanta (Extra); Pg. 1JD

LENGTH: 821 words

Last December, Esirigho Otite spent the Christmas break wondering if he would be
able to go to school this fall for his senior year at Morris Brown College.

His only major scholarship was on the verge of getting cut, and he was helping
support his brothers and sister, two of whom had to drop out of college for
financial reasons.

"I was in a situation where I didn't know how I was going to pay my tuition or
where any money was going to come from," said Otite, 25, who moved to the United
States in 1996 from Nigeria. "Then someone told me about the United Negro
College Fund."

While his older brother and a younger sister are still searching for ways to
re-enroll at Morris Brown, Otite has no such worries, thanks to a $ 4,000 UNCF
scholarship.

Next fall, he will become one of about 57,000 black college students across the
country to go to school on UNCF's dime. Based on financial need, students can
get UNCF scholarships ranging from $ 500 to $ 5,000 annually. Students can apply
for the money or in some cases, schools send UNCF a list of selected students.

"I might not be here otherwise," said Otite, who is spending the summer as an
intern at an insurance firm in Connecticut.

Fresh off its most lucrative fund-raising year ever, the organization is poised
to support even more students, along with increasing the number of dollars spent
on member schools, UNCF President William H. Gray said.

For the 1999 fiscal year, UNCF pulled in a record $ 139 million, a 39 percent
increase over 1998.

"Our fund-raising efforts were outstanding this year," said Gray. "We are happy
about that, because right now, there are a record number of African- Americans
graduating from American high schools, seeking to go to college, who can't. The
biggest barrier to that is getting money. We want to lower that barrier."

In 1998, after raising $ 101 million, the UNCF pumped more than $ 14 million
into its six Georgia member schools, five of which are in Atlanta. The specific
amount the schools will get this year hasn't been determined yet.

"Given that our operating budget is $ 60 million, the UNCF money is very
substantial," said Morehouse College President Walter Massey. Morehouse received
$ 2.6 million from the fund last year.

Clark Atlanta, the largest UNCF school in the country, received $ 3.2 million,
while Interdenominational Theological Center, one of the smallest, received $
872,783.

In Georgia, Spelman College received the most money from UNCF last year, $ 3.3
million. Morris Brown got $ 2.1 million, and Paine College in Augusta got $ 1.97
million.

"That is a pretty good-looking sum of money for them to use for scholarships, a
new library, new labs, to maintain a lower cost of living," said Gray.

Public black colleges such as Savannah State get no UNCF funding, nor do black
students at public schools such as Georgia State, by UNCF policy, because they
are subsidized by the state.

The College Fund was founded in 1944 by Tuskegee Institute President Frederick
Patterson, who wanted to urge the presidents of other private colleges to pool
their "small monies and make a united appeal to the national conscience." Since
its founding, the UNCF has raised more than $ 1.4 billion for its member
institutions.

More than half of that has been raised during Gray's reign, which began in 1991
after he served a stint as a U.S. congressman.

But not everyone is enamored with the UNCF or what it can potentially do for
them. Of the 53 private historically black colleges in the country, only 39
belong to UNCF.

Hampton University in Virginia is in the midst of a $ 200 million capital
campaign, the largest campaign in black college history. Hampton hasn't been a
member of UNCF since 1968, and declined to comment on its reasons.

"Schools have to look at the balance," said Massey, of Morehouse, a UNCF member
since 1944. "The questions you have to ask are, 'Do you get more by being a
member than you think you can raise on your own?' Hampton decided they can do
better on their own."

As a UNCF member institution, a school must get permission to start capital
campaigns and agree not to approach certain donors for fear of conflict of
interest. College presidents are also required to sit on UNCF committees, and
each school holds fund drives to help UNCF.

Ted Easler, vice president for institutional advancement at the Morehouse School
of Medicine, said the fund-raising restrictions would make it difficult for a
medical school to be part of an organization like UNCF.

Richard White, vice president for institutional advancement at Clark Atlanta,
said he doesn't feel limited by the UNCF structure.

"We simply keep each other informed of relationships we have with corporations,"
White said about the arrangement.

Although Hampton left on its own volition, some schools were recently dropped
from UNCF because the schools lost their accreditation.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Back to school: Esirigho Otite, a native of Nigeria, had run out of alternatives
to continue his business studies at Morris Brown College until he heard of the
United Negro College Fund. This fall he will be one of 57,000 black college
students across the country who will receive help from the UNCF. / KIMBERLY
SMITH / Staff

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              502 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 30, 1995, Monday, ALL EDITIONS

Personal Business;
BLACK WEALTH;
INHERENT DISADVANTAGE

BYLINE: Tammy Joyner; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1062 words


Blacks are playing catch-up in the division and distribution of money by
inheritance, one of the key ways people accumulate wealth.

The last in an occasional series on wealth focusing on African-Americans. "Race
matters when the subject is wealth." - Cornell West, author of "Race Matters."
"In reality, a lot of us have learned how to make money, but not how to pass it
on." - Ronald Smith, account executive with Dean Witter in Atlanta.

The largest generation-to-generation transfer of wealth in history will take
place over the next 45 years as some $ 6 trillion changes hands. Blacks will
inherit next to nothing.

When it comes to inheriting wealth, blacks are at least a generation behind.
Even now, despite the emergence of a black middle class, blacks are playing
catch-up in the division and distribution of wealth.

Less than 1 percent of black baby boomers' wealth comes from inheritance,
compared to 10 percent of their white counterparts, according to a Cornell
University study. And future prospects for inheritance look slim: 94 percent of
black couples age 35-54 don't expect to get an inheritance, compared with 70
percent of whites. Blacks over the age of 55 - the group likely to hand down
assets - have about one- fourth the wealth of their white counterparts.

"We're dealing with first-generation wealth," said Margaret Simms, director of
research programs at Washington's Joint Center for Political and Economic
Studies.

Inheritance, a building block of wealth, is a complex numbers game where land,
money and status divided among heirs multiplies in value generation after
generation.

"Wealth is not just assets you have now, but a legacy of the past," said Melvin
Oliver, a UCLA professor and co-author with Thomas Shapiro of "Black
Wealth/White Wealth."

"It's one of the best indications of historical inequities. Consequently, blacks
who have the same income as whites haven't accumulated the same wealth."

Here's how the inheritance game has played out so far:

-Work and worth. Blacks earn less, own less and have less to pass on. Those who
have accumulated assets have done so mainly through work, not inheritance - the
traditional means of acquiring vast sums of wealth. A black family earns 60
cents for every $ 1 a white family makes. And black net worth - an estimate of
the wealth likely to be passed on to the next generation - is one-tenth of
whites'. Blacks own only 1 percent of the nation's stocks and bonds. The assets
of most black families are limited to homes, some land and a little cash.

In addition, many blacks are just getting into the stock market and other more
lucrative investment ventures.

"Most of us thought you had to have a lot of money to be involved or were afraid
of risking what we already had," says Riverdale resident Barbara Jones, who
began investing in stocks five years ago.

-History and help. Whites and many other racial and ethnic groups historically
have had financial help from family and friends in getting a head start in life
or in just getting ahead.

Major milestones - graduations, weddings and the purchase of a first home - are
often marked with gifts of money. The Jewish bar mitzvah, for instance, is not
only a coming-of-age ceremony, but a time when family and friends bestow money.

Likewise, the longstanding custom of "kee" in Chinese and Korean communities
helps people start a business or buy a home with money from family and friends.

-Politics and poverty. Public policies affecting housing, business development
and tax write-offs mostly benefit the affluent, Oliver and Shapiro said.

"It's hard to catch up when the policies in place continue to advantage those
who already have wealth and disadvantage those who are disproportionately
dependent on income," says Oliver.

But some blacks have managed to accumulate wealth and status. Black Enterprise
magazine's list of Top 100 companies, and the growing number of black
millionaires, doctors, lawyers and other professionals attest to that.

On a smaller, more significant scale are scores of people like Fulton Superior
Court Judge Thelma Wyatt Cummings Moore. She has devised a detailed retirement
and estate plan that charts the next 50 years to make sure her two children are
provided for in the future.

Likewise, the Joneses of Riverdale plan to leave three children and six
grandchildren a fairly sizable estate.

"We now have a bigger middle class that can save and a growing number of
successful black businesses that will have money to pass on to the next
generation," said Edward Irons, retired dean of the business school at Clark
Atlanta University.

Building a legacy of wealth may seem daunting, but it can be done:

-Take stock of your life and what you own. Many people often aren't aware of how
much they're worth and how easily their estate can be wiped out in costly court
battles if an estate plan or will is not in place.

"I've got clients who are lawyers, doctors and business owners and many are not
aware of (how much they have)," said Atlanta financial planner Cherilynn
Castleman. In addition, many people aren't aware of the tax bite they could
incur, said Castleman, owner of She Means Business.

-Plan and keep good records. Fill out a document locator listing bank
statements, property, stocks, bonds, legal and financial papers, titles and
deeds. Give copies to your lawyer, banker, family member or executor of your
estate.

Ronald Smith of Dean Witter in Atlanta suggests setting up a central assets
account within your estate plan. This consolidates your investments, savings,
checking and other financial activities into one account for safety and better
record keeping. It also gives your executors quick access to cash to deal with
your estate upon your death.

Smith speaks from personal experience. "My grandfather had money scattered
around in different places. We didn't have any idea what he had and where he had
it."

-Hire a lawyer. A lawyer helped Barbara Jones through the maze of legal and
probate issues involving her father's estate. Because the lawyer was in
California where her parents had lived, she was able to get a lot of legal
issues handled through the attorney.

-Save and invest. The genesis of wealth is savings. Set aside 10 percent to 15
percent of what you earn. The earlier you start, the better.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This is the last in an occasional series on wealth focusing on African-
Americans.

GRAPHIC: Bar graph: The income and wealth gap
Blacks lag behind whites in income and net worth. Four in 10 black
households have less than $ 1,000 in net worth.

Annual income
$ 11,612 and less
Whites: 21%
Blacks: 39%

$ 11,613-$ 24,999
Whites: 29%
Blacks: 31%

$ 25,000-$ 49,000
Whites: 34%
Blacks: 24%

$ 50,000 plus
Whites: 16%
Blacks: 6%

Net worth
$ 1,000 and less
Whites: 16%
Blacks: 41%

$ 1,001-$ 18,859
Whites: 20%
Blacks: 26%

$ 18,860-$ 100,000
Whites: 34%
Blacks: 27%

$ 100,001 plus
Whites: 30%
Blacks: 6%
Source: "Black Wealth/White Wealth"
/ JOHN CASERTA / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              503 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 17, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Black Scholarship Fund Doubles Spending for '92

Molly Sinclair, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 437 words


The Project Excellence scholarship program will give away twice as much
scholarship money to Washington-area black high school students next year,
thanks to an infusion of new money from two area foundations and the cooperation
of several universities, founder Carl T. Rowan said yesterday.

The new money will allow Project Excellence to award seven four-year
scholarships worth a total of about $ 420,000, Rowan said. This year, two
students got four-year scholarships and 58 received partial assistance worth a
total of about $ 400,000.

"What it adds up to is that on the 13th of May [at the awards dinner], we will
give out scholarships worth close to $ 1 million," said Rowan, a syndicated
newspaper columnist.

Project Excellence scholarships are awarded to black local high school seniors
who excel in the written and spoken use of the English language. One program
supporter said the winners typically include the "best and brightest" of
students. Scholarships also go to those who have made outstanding progress in
speaking and writing.

Five of the new scholarships are being financed by the Morris and Gwendolyn
Cafritz Foundation, which is contributing $ 75,000 to cover the first year of
college for five Project Excellence scholars at Johns Hopkins University in
Baltimore, University of Maryland at College Park, University of Virginia in
Charlottesville, Washington College in Chestertown, Md., and Washington and Lee
University in Lexington, Va.

"These institutions have stipulated in writing that they will guarantee the
second, third and fourth year of tuition, fees, et cetera," Rowan said.

The arrangements are the same for the other two new scholarships. The
Arlington-based Freedom Forum will pay first-year expenses for two Project
Excellence winners at Cornell University and at the University of Maryland
School of Journalism in College Park; those schools will cover the cost for the
other three years.

"We are interested in helping to make this campus a truly diverse community,"
said Jan George, director of the University of Maryland annual giving programs.

Cafritz Foundation Chairman Calvin Cafritz said the partnership program was
designed to answer the need expressed by the universities that they do not
attract enough high-caliber minority students.

Charles L. Overby, president of the Freedom Forum, a foundation that financially
supports programs, publications and projects related to free press and free
speech issues, said his organization elected to give additional money to Rowan's
program in an era of tight money because "the Project Excellence program works."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              504 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 2, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

BOOKS

BYLINE: By Shirley Horner

SECTION: Section 11NJ; Page 10, Column 4; New Jersey Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 480 words


''COMPARING AIDS (acquired immune deficiency syndrome) to the Black Death, as
some national magazines are doing, is a highly reckless maneuver that can only
feed hysteria and divert us from a serious study of that illness.''

So says Robert S. Gottfried, the author of

''The Black Death'' (The Free Press, New York, $16.95),

''The Black Death,'' writes Dr. Gottfried, a resident of Highland Park and a
professor of history at Rutgers University in New Brunswick, ''devastated the
Western world from 1347 to 1351, killing 25 percent to 50 percent of Europe's
population.''

''It was the plague of plagues,'' he says, ''and there will never be anything
like it again, whereas AIDS - the figures show 2,094 reported cases and 806
deaths - has affected less than a tenth of 1 percent of the population.''

If Dr. Gottfried's account of the causes, progress and effects of the Black
Death strikes us as intensely authentic, it is because he has successfully
expanded his sources to include population tallies, medical textbooks,
archeological data of lost villages and weather records to help reconstruct the
environment of the period.

This thoroughly documented picture of a civilization in crisis makes
unforgetable reading. But one should bear in mind the author's introductory
comment that ''epidemic will strike at least once in every generation and act as
a regular population check.''



''New Jersey's Money,'' by George W. Wait and edited by Dorothy Budd Bartle, a
volume that has received lavish praise from the numismatic community, is now
available at a reduced price (Newark Museum, P.O. Box 540, Newark, 07101; $14,
plus $2 for mailing costs).

Mr. Wait, who lives in Glen Ridge, is a leading authority on paper money; Mrs.
Bartle, from Caldwell, is the curator of the coin collection at the museum,
which is at 49 Washington Street.

Turning through the 434 pages of this richly illustrated volume, we can
appreciate anew the multifarious history of our state, learning, for example,
about wampum, ''our first money,'' and that ''possibly the last official use''
of those ''cylinder- shaped tubular beads of shell'' was in 1693, when a fixed
sum ''paid a one- way fare on the Communipaw (Jersey City) ferry to Brooklyn.''

''New Jersey's Money'' further reveals that four generations of a family named
Campbell (1770-1899) manufactured wampum in Pascack (now Park Ridge) in Bergen
County for use ''during the Revolution and in trade goods that went West with
Lewis and Clark . . . Hard clam shells for the operation came from Rockaway and
the Fulton Fish Market, New York.''

Before the passage of the National Banking Act in 1863, one of the prime
functions of New Jersey banks, beginning in 1804, was to issue their own money.
An extensive collection of those obsolete bank notes - with their distinctive
vignettes - is reprinted here.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of 1929 bill issued by City Bank of Perth Amboy

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              505 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  The Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wisconsin)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday

BRIEF: Black River Falls police warn about phone scam

BYLINE: The Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 141 words


July 29--BLACK RIVER FALLS -- The Black River Falls Police Department is warning
area residents about a telephone scam.

The scammers tell people receiving the calls that their grandchild is in trouble
and needs cash transferred via Western Union immediately.

During one call, the scammer said the resident's grandson needed bail money in
the eastern part of the country.

In another, the resident receiving the call was asked to send the money to
Mexico to bail out their grandchild who was reportedly being held by the Mexican
authorities.

Once the money has been transferred, it is almost impossible to get it back.

Police urge people against providing personal information over the phone.

___ (c)2014 the Leader-Telegram (Eau Claire, Wis.) Visit the Leader-Telegram
(Eau Claire, Wis.) at www.leadertelegram.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140729-EW-BRF-Black
-River-Falls-police-warn-about-phone-scam-0729-20140729

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EW


                       Copyright 2014 The Leader-Telegram


                              506 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Wilson Daily Times (North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Police seek suspect in store holdup

BYLINE: Olivia Neeley, The Wilson Daily Times, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 392 words


Sept. 09--Police say they are looking for this suspect in an armed robbery at
Speedway Wednesday.

Police say they are looking for this suspect in an armed robbery at Speedway
Wednesday.

Contributed Photo

Wilson police are investigating an armed robbery at a local convenience store.

Officers were dispatched to Speedway located at 1602 Martin Luther King Parkway
Wednesday shortly before 10 p.m. Wednesday in reference to the robbery. Police
said a man armed with a small black handgun entered the store and demanded money
from the clerk.

The robber fled on foot behind the store after stealing money from the business,
according to officials.

Police describe the suspect as a black man who was wearing a black hoodie, blue
and white camouflage pants and black shoes. The suspect's face was also covered.

This is the city of Wilson's third armed robbery in less than a week.

On Sunday, officials responded to Wilson's Choice, an internet cafe. Witnesses
told police a man announced he was robbing the business and made everyone get on
the floor. The man brandished a silver handgun during the robbery, police said.

The man stole money from the business on Ward Boulevard and fled on foot behind
the business. Police described the suspect as a black man wearing a red shirt
with black sleeves, black jeans, black Nikes with a white Nike symbol and
sunglasses.

On Saturday, police responded to Family Dollar on Hines Street shortly after
8:30 p.m.

The robber was armed with a small, black handgun when he entered the store and
demanded money from the clerk, police said. The robber fled the store on foot
toward Jones Street after stealing money from the business, according to
officials.

Police describe the suspect in the Family Dollar incident as a black man who was
wearing a black hoodie, black pants and brown and red shoes. The man's face was
also covered during the robbery.

Sgt. Stuart Haste said it's unknown at this time if the three armed robberies
are related. Officials continue to actively investigate these cases.

Police ask anyone with information regarding these cases to contact the Wilson
Police Department at 252-399-2323 or CrimeStoppers at 252-243-2255.

olivia@wilsontimes.com -- 265-7879

___ (c)2016 The Wilson Daily Times (Wilson, N.C.) Visit The Wilson Daily Times
(Wilson, N.C.) at www.wilsontimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160909-ZW-Police-seek-suspect-in-store-holdup-0909-20160909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZW


                     Copyright 2016 The Wilson Daily Times


                              507 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 3, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Professor's Racial Theories Fall Wide of Mark

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 327 words


To the Editor:

Hugh Pearson (letter, Aug. 20) asserts that, since Jews were money lenders and
money lenders financed the slave trade, Prof. Leonard Jeffries Jr.'s statement
"Everyone knows rich Jews helped finance the slave trade" is not "irrational."
This argument misses an essential weakness of the statement.

Even assuming its factual validity, there is still the question of whether the
Jewish money lenders financed the trade because they were Jews or because, like
other, non-Jewish money lenders, they saw an opportunity to make money.

Similarly, did Jewish movie-studio executives help propagate "negative images"
of black Americans because they were Jews or because, like business executives
everywhere, they were unwilling to endanger profits by bucking cultural
stereotypes?

The relevant variable is not ethnicity but occupation: money lenders in search
of profit in one instance and capitalist businessmen in the other.

But Professor Jeffries's statement is not simply an intellectual error of
analysis. The emphasis on ethnicity distracts attention from the more important
occupational imperatives of money lenders and businessmen.

The motivations of businessmen result in actions that help reproduce and
reinforce patterns of racism in our society. The past and present economic and
social status of black Americans is not the result of a historical Jewish
conspiracy or of Machiavellian Italian intrigues, but of fundamental social and
economic processes.

The views of Professor Jeffries function in much the same manner as did the
ideology of the Ku Klux Klan and other nativist groups in the late 19th and
early 20th centuries. His arguments, like theirs, direct attention and energy to
phantasmal shadows, rather than the very real institutional sources of the
plight of black Americans.

MURRAY HAUSKNECHT
Long Island City, Queens, Aug. 20, 1991

The writer is professor emeritus of sociology, Lehman College, CUNY.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              508 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Why #BankBlack Is Working

BYLINE: Teri Williams

SECTION: Vol. 1 No. 11

LENGTH: 736  words


Typically when we talk about banking and race, we're talking about complying
with fair lending laws or the Community Reinvestment Act. In other words, we're
talking about the lending side of the business. Deposits, on the other hand, are
often viewed as nonracial or simply green. The national movement to move money
from big banks to black owned-institutions - which began taking off last year -
upends this paradigm.

The summer of 2016 marked a tangible shift in black America's understanding of
the power of its $1.2 trillion inannual spending. Members of the black community
answered the call - fueled by social media, text messaging and word-of-mouth
marketing - to move their money from traditional banks to black-owned banks in a
larger bid to protect the economic interests of black people.

The #BankBlack movement, as it is known, took off in July when rapperKiller
Mike(Michael Render) implored the black community to deploy a portion of its
financial resources to black banks to make a tangible difference.
Othercelebrities, such as Solange, Jesse Williams, Alicia Keys, Beyoncé and
Queen Latifah, joined the conversation to urge black Americans to move their
money toblack-owned banks. In less than six months, black banks - including my
own - have seen a rise in web and branch traffic resulting in new accounts,
withmillions deposited.

While somemay professthat moving deposits into black banks fails to guarantee
the money will fuel loans to minorities and in low- to moderate-income
neighborhoods, the data reflects the opposite view. AFederal Deposit Insurance
Corp. report, which examined minority depository institutions from 2001 to 2013,
found MDIs are significantly more likely to lend in LMI communities and to
minority borrowers than non-MDIs. Furthermore, the same FDIC report said:
"African-American MDIs appear to be particularly successful in their mission of
serving African-American borrowers."

The study also found the median share of Home Mortgage Disclosure Act-reported
mortgages made to black borrowers in 2011 was 66.7% for black banks, compared
with less than 1% for non-MDI community banks. As the study put it: "These
findings indicate a significant degree of success by MDIs in serving the purpose
that this segment of the banking industry was intended to achieve."

Now back to the deposit side of the business. MDIs have loan-to-deposit ratios
of approximately 72%, a ratio that is very similar to non-MDIs. And some black
MDIs - such as Carver Federal Savings Bank in New York and we at OneUnited Bank
in Boston - have loan-to-deposit ratios of more than 100%. This ratio indicates
a need for us to get more deposits to lend to LMI and minority communities. More
specifically, we at OneUnited Bank attracted $20 million from the #BankBlack
movement in 2016. During that same time, our bank generated close to $150
million in loans and expanded our loan portfolio by more than $50 million,
largely in LMI and minority communities. Yes, #BankBlack fulfills an important
need.

Furthermore, anecdotal responses to #BankBlack on social media and in surveys
also indicate the movement is fulfilling a need. Here are a few of them:

"I have never been more excited about banking." - Tamela C.

"I am white and I would Bank Black. Only surprise is why the African-American
Community has not done this and more to separate their resources sooner. In fact
I work with African-American Youth and predominantly African-American co-workers
and I brought information about Black-owned banks to them. People of color have
been screwed over since day one from what I know. It is time to get serious
about this movement." - Liesa W.

"Good we used to have our own Black bank here in Phoenix; young people do what's
needed to get the economic train rolling again. Great thinking and action move."
- Carolyn L.

The movement will only appeal to more individuals. A recentAmerican Banker
articlehighlighted Mighty, a young company that aims to help depositors compare
banks on social impact performance. Mighty is sharing what banks do in their
communities - including OneUnited - to attract new customers, especially
millennials.

To meet the need for lending to more LMI neighborhoods and to minorities, the
next generation of depositors will answer the call to #BankBlack.

No, #BankBlack is not falling short; it's just getting started.

Teri Williams is president and chief operating officer of OneUnited Bank.

URL: http://www.americanbanker.com/opinion/why-bankblack-is-working

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           February 27, 2010 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Black buys second Honolulu daily

BYLINE: Carla Wilson, Canwest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. G1

LENGTH: 178  words

DATELINE: VICTORIA


B.C. newspaper mogul David Black is buying the daily Honolulu Advertiser with
the aim of consolidating it with his smaller money-losing Honolulu
Star-Bulletin.

"I think if you have one daily in Honolulu, it will be a good strong paper and
could be set to last forever," Black said Friday. If permitted by U.S.
regulators to amalgamate the papers, Black expects the total circulation would
be a "combination of the two. There isn't a whole lot of overlap."

The larger Gannett Co.-owned Advertiser has a paid circulation of about 140,000
and the rival Star-Bulletin is at about 55,000.

Black is hoping for a turnaround in revenue. The Star Bulletin has lost money
annually in the close to nine years it has been owned by Oahu Publications Inc.
Black is the majority owner of the company and there are six minority
shareholders, all Hawaiian residents.

Layoffs are expected if the papers are turned into one, but numbers have not
been worked out yet, said Oahu Publications president Dennis Francis.

Black Press owns newspapers in B.C., Alberta, Washington state and Akron, Ohio.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2010 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             March 25, 2012 Sunday

Five robberies in one night in Salinas

BYLINE: By KEVIN HOWE Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 364 words


Five apparently unrelated armed robberies were reported within a four-hour
period in Salinas Friday night.

Police said the series of holdups began at 6:35 p.m. when two men walked into
O'Reilly Auto Parts, 43 S. Sanborn Road, and one of them drew a small
chrome-plated revolver and demanded money.

The robbers, described as Latino, in their 20s and wearing black hoodies, dark
pants and gloves, took cash from the registers and the store safe, police said,
then tied up two store employees and left them in a storage room.

The gunman was described as 6 feet tall with a medium build, and his accomplice
as 5 feet tall with dark skin and a small build, police said.

At 6:37 p.m., police said, an employee of Work World at Northridge Mall was
robbed of the day's receipts from the store in the mall parking lot by a man
armed with a black semiautomatic pistol.

The robber, described as 5 feet, 8 inches tall, weighing 300 pounds and wearing
a black hoodie, ran to a waiting four-wheel-drive vehicle with tinted windows,
police said.

The third robbery occurred at 7:44 p.m. in Hebbron Alley at the rear of 706 E.
Alisal St. when a man walking home from a grocery store was attacked from behind
by three juveniles, one armed with a knife and another carrying a skateboard,
who beat him and demanded money, police said.

The man handed over cash and a cell phone, police said, adding that the robbers
were described as Latino, all wearing black hoodies and dark pants.

At 9:03 p.m., police said, a man armed with a shotgun entered the Quick Stop
market at 11 Clark St. and demanded money, which the clerk handed over.

The robber rain to a waiting dark colored sport utility vehicle, police said,
adding that he was wearing a black hoodie, a white cloth mask, black shirt and
black-and-red baggy plaid shorts with black socks and shoes.

The last robbery was reported at 10:37 p.m. at East Market Street and Hebbron
Avenue, police said, where a man was approached by three teenage boys and a
teenage girl, who demanded his money.

One of the boys was armed with a knife and they took the victim's cash, cell
phone and baskeball cap, police said.

Kevin Howe can be reached at 646-4416 orkhowe@montereyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     July 26, 1990, Thursday, City Edition

Group assists blacks in business

BYLINE: LAURA GRIFFIN

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 514 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



When Michael Perch wanted to start his own business, the Tampa Bay Black
Business Investment Corp. (BBIC) was the only agency willing to help.

    Now, a year later, Perch's statewide audio-visual business is booming and he
hopes that when he expands the investment group will help him secure money from
a bank.

  "Simply put, without the help of the (corporation), I could not be doing what
I'm doing right now," Perch said.

    The investment corporation has been helping black entrepreneurs and
small-business owners for three years in Tampa and now wants to move into
Pinellas County.

    President David Christian has discussed getting financial help from
Clearwater and St. Petersburg officials and plans to go to Pinellas County, too.


    "I think it's a good program," said Clearwater Assistant City Manager
Michael Wright. "It's still very preliminary, but we'd like to work with them.
At this point, we've agreed to agree."

    Tampa Bay Black Business Investment Corp. is one of six non-profit groups
set up by the state to help black entrepreneurs secure business loans and
provide direct, low-cost loans to businesses owned by black people, Christian
said.

    The corporation has provided capital to several new and existing businesses
from a pool of money donated by the state, several banks and a utility company.

    It also has a contract with Hillsborough County and gets reimbursed for some
loans it makes to Hillsborough businesses.

    Christian hopes to do the same thing in Pinellas.

    "That's why we need to get some help from Pinellas County, because we can't
help people there with money from Hillsborough," Christian said.

    Perch owns Corporate Presentation Services in Tampa. He says he would not be
in business today without the investment corporation.

    It is difficult to get money from the traditional sources, such as banks and
savings and loans, because black people still are not as readily accepted as
white people when it comes to business, said Perch, who used to be a loan
officer and says he has seen the process from both sides.

    "Without a doubt it's more difficult for blacks, and I'm not an extremist,"
Perch said. "Even in business, the sad truth is that everything sounds great on
the phone and when I get there and they see I'm a black guy, everything changes.
It's like I tricked them or something."

    The black business investment corporation fills a void for the black
community, Perch said.

    "Because we, as a people, have not run corporations in the past, we don't
have the same connections. They may bend a certain amount for a good ol' boy,"
Perch said.

    "On the other side of the picture, I've become acutely aware that we as a
people also have some perceptions that need to be corrected as well. And part of
the program is to educate the black entrepreneur to help him stay in business.
We need to support each other."

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; CLEARWATER TIMES; LARGO-SEMINOLE TIMES;
TAMPA; BRANDON TIMES

                            Times Publishing Company


                              512 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              September 28, 1997, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Black women profit from author's lead

BYLINE: HELEN HUNTLEY

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1H

LENGTH: 923 words



Cheryl D. Broussard's job is managing money, but her passion in life is
teaching other black women how to do it for themselves.

"If no one is out there telling them that they can save and how to save,
they're not going to do it," she said.

Broussard tells them in books, magazine columns and frequent radio and
television appearances, as well as in seminars such as one that brought her to
St. Petersburg last week. The message: Black women can and should take charge
of their finances.

It was something she learned very early growing up in Chicago.

"At the age of 9, I had my own little business knitting headbands that I  sold
in the schoolyard at lunchtime for $ 1," she said. "My mother taught me  to save
and plan for the future."

But most black women didn't get money management lessons at home when they  were
growing up, Broussard thinks.

"Many of our parents were barely making it," she said. "Since the  subject is
not taught in the school systems, where are you going to learn  it?"

While everyone should learn to manage money, Broussard says, the need for  black
women is urgent. She says government statistics show that compared with  white
women, black women:

+ Earn smaller paychecks on average;

+ Are more likely to be single parents;

+ Are less likely to collect child support or alimony;

+ Tend to save less and spend more of their incomes;

+ Are likely to be more dependent on Social Security for retirement income.

"Many don't understand the significance of saving for retirement,"  Broussard
said. While many older women she meets worked at jobs that didn't  offer
retirement plans, Broussard said she also meets younger women who are  not
contributing to the 401(k) retirement savings plans available to them.

"I tell them even if you just put in a little bit - even just $ 25 a week  out
of your paycheck - just get started," she said.

Broussard, 42, a single mother of an 8-year-old son, got started in the
investment world with the encouragement of a stockbroker who was the father of
one of her friends. After taking a few classes on investments, she moved to
California and went to work for Dean Witter as a broker.

In 1989, she started her own money management firm in Palo Alto, Calif. She  and
a partner now manage about $ 50-million, she said, invested in stocks and
mutual funds.

Black women need the same kind of financial information and advice as  everyone
else, she said: They need to learn how to spend less than they earn;  keep track
of their money; set goals and develop a plan for meeting them; pay  off debts;
invest wisely; and protect their assets and their families with  insurance and
an estate plan.

But Broussard thinks black women rarely pay attention to television gurus  and
authors who are trying to reach a general audience.

"They (black women) aren't apt to go into a bookstore and pick up a book  on
money unless it's geared especially to them," she said. "They don't see  it as
relating to them. They think, "They (financial experts) don't understand  my
circumstances; they can't really help me.' "

Broussard tried to fill that need by writing a book, The Black Woman's  Guide to
Financial Independence. She published the first version herself in  1991, even
setting the type on her Macintosh computer and marketing it by  following advice
she found in a how-to book.

"I'm not afraid to take risks," she said. "My mother said, "You cannot  be
afraid.' If I make a mistake, I'll get over it. When things don't work out,  I
just go to Plan B."

Publishing a book cost more money and took a lot more time than she  expected,
Broussard said. However, she sold about 30,000 copies and the book  put her in
the media spotlight. Copies she sent to black newspapers and  magazines turned
into requests for interviews and guest columns.

She became host of a radio show, Inside Business with Cheryl Broussard, on
WMMJ-AM in Washington, D.C., a columnist for Heart and Soul magazine and a
regular on CNN Financial Network's show It's Only Money. She also went on the
speaking circuit, taking her message directly to predominantly black  audiences.

This fall, Barnett Banks Inc. is sponsoring Broussard seminars throughout
Florida in conjunction with black organizations, each of which gets a bank
check for $ 1,000 toward its charitable endeavors. About 100 people turned out
for her St. Petersburg appearance last week, held in conjunction with the  Alpha
Kappa Alpha sorority.

Broussard has given up publishing her own books and has signed with Penguin
Books, which last year brought out an updated version of the Black Woman's
Guide and this year published Sister CEO: The Black Woman's Guide to Starting
Your Own Business. The books feature inspirational stories and user-friendly
work sheets. Broussard said her next book will be about the impact of money on
relationships.

Broussard believes her efforts are making an impact. The evidence comes in
letters she gets from readers, who tell how they started their own businesses
or paid off their debts and bought their first homes.

"When I get those stories, I feel like I've made a difference in someone's
life," she said.

Someday she may even have a hand in changing the complexion of Wall Street.

"Wall Street is pretty much white male dominated," Broussard said. "That  will
change when (black) people have more information and know more about it.  It's
just a lack of education on the subject matter."

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, ANDREW INNERARITY; Author Cheryl D. Broussard greets
friend Myrtle Williams, president of the St. Petersburg chapter of the Alpha
Kappa Alpha sorority, before a financial seminar Broussard conducted.

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              513 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                      August 6, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

FDI data shared with law enforcement agencies

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 520  words


NEW DELHI, AUG 06, 2016: THE Government has taken several measures, both by way
of policy-level initiatives as well as through more effective enforcement action
on the ground, to address the issue of black money, including entry of black
money in the country from tax haven countries.



These measures include putting in place robust legislative and administrative
frameworks, systems and processes with due focus on capacity building and
integration of information and its mining through increasing use of information
technology.

The initiatives include - (i) Constitution of the Special Investigation Team
(SIT) on Black Money under Chairmanship and ViceChairmanship of two former
Judges of Hon'ble Supreme Court, (ii) Enactment of a comprehensive new law on
black money - "The Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and
Imposition of Tax Act, 2015" to specifically and more effectively tackle the
issue of black money stashed away abroad, (iii) Constitution of Multi-Agency
Group (MAG) consisting of officers of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT),
Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Financial
Intelligence Unit (FIU) for investigation of recent revelations in Panama paper
leaks, (iv) Proactively engaging with foreign governments with a view to
facilitate and enhance the exchange of information under Double Taxation
Avoidance Agreements (DTAAs)/Tax Information Exchange Agreements
(TIEAs)/Multilateral Conventions, (v) According high priority to the cases
involving black money stashed away abroad for investigation and other follow-up
actions including prosecutions in appropriate cases, (vi) While focusing upon
non-intrusive measures, due emphasis on enforcement measures in high impact
cases with a view to prosecute the offenders at the earliest for credible
deterrence against tax evasion/black money, (vii) Proactively furthering global
efforts to combat tax evasion/black money, inter alia, by joining the
Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement in respect of Automatic Exchange of
Information (AEOI) and having information sharing arrangement with USA under its
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), (viii) Renegotiation of DTAAs with
other countries to bring the Article on Exchange of Information to International
Standards and expanding India's treaty network by signing new DTAAs and TIEAs
with many jurisdictions to facilitate the exchange of information and to bring
transparency, (ix) Initiation of the information technology based 'Project
Insight' by the Income Tax Department for strengthening the non-intrusive
information driven approach for improving tax compliance and effective
utilization of available information, (x) Legislative measures including
amendments in the Income-tax Act, 1961.

The information and data on FDI received by Indian companies is received and
maintained by RBI. This data is furnished to the Department of Industrial Policy
and Promotion (DIPP), Ministry of Commerce & Industry of the Government of India
on a monthly basis. Besides, there is need based sharing of information and data
on FDI with law enforcement agencies.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           October 27, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Vinces battle with Tank hits court

BYLINE: Lydia Hinshaw

SECTION: SECTION B; Eye on Sports; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 537  words


Convicted felons may not be able to vote, but nothing can take away their right
to sue. And so former sports agent Tank Black, from his cell, has sued Vince
Carter for breach of contract. Carter, who has filed a counterclaim, was
expected to miss the Toronto Raptors exhibition games Tuesday night and tonight
to attend the trial, scheduled to begin today before judge Margaret Seymour in
U.S. District Court in Columbia, S.C. Black, who originally filed the suit in
February 2003 is asking for at least $9 million he says was his share of
marketing and endorsement opportunities he secured for Carter. He also wants at
least $5 million in punitive damages. Carters counterclaim argues that by Blacks
conduct, he waived any right to compensation. It argues that it became
impossible for Black to further represent Carter after Black was convicted and
jailed, and Blacks firm, Professional Management, Inc. (PMI), was dissolved by
the South Carolina Secretary of State. It also says Black cost Carter a bundle
by giving poor advice when he terminated his shoe contract with Puma in November
1999. That case eventually went to arbitration and Carter had to pay Puma
$15,900,000. ILL-FATED RELATIONSHIP Carter first signed with Black in the spring
of 1998 after declaring for the NBA draft. Just more than one year later,
according to court papers, he signed a 12-year marketing services agreement with
PMI. In February 2000, Black was indicted on federal fraud and money-laundering
charges. He was accused of swindling pro football players, including Jaguars
running back Fred Taylor, out of $12 million. He was never charged with stealing
money from Carter. In the wake of the indictment, Carter ended his relationship
with Black, who was eventually convicted, and in June 2001 began serving a
six-year, 10-month sentence for money-laundering. Carter later signed with
International Management Group (IMG), where Merle Scott, Mark Steinberg and now
Kurt Schoeppler have represented him. The switch from Steinberg to Schoeppler
happened in the past few weeks. Schoeppler is expected to devote more time to
managing Carters affairs than Steinberg, who also represents Tiger Woods and
Annika Sorenstam. It was surely a sad day for Carter when he got mixed up with
Black in the first place. Six years later, the Mainland graduate is still paying
attorneys to deal with the fallout.

This has been an issue that has hung over my head for a number of years and Im
going to take care of it once and for all this week, Carter said Monday. Lets
hope so. But Carter is still a deep- pockets target and Black has time on his
hands. There could be more lawsuits where this one came from. PICKETT STRUGGLES
*Tim Pickett has had his struggles learning the system with the New Orleans
Hornets, who drafted him in the second round last spring. He recently sat out
three games because coach Bryon Scott was disappointed at all his mistakes. For
the preseason, hes played in four games, averaging 10.8 minutes and 3.5 points.
Scott describes Pickett as on the bubble to make the roster.*Picketts former
Mainland teammate Tony Bobbitt, a free agent with the Lakers, has played in six
games, averaging nearly 18 minutes, 5.7 points and 2.2 assists.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              515 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 20, 1999, Sunday, THREE STAR EDITION

RECRUITING PROBE THREATENS AGENT'S MULTIMILLION-DOLLAR BUSINESS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. F10

LENGTH: 773 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, S.C.


The New York Giants were on the telephone, looking to draft a receiver. That was
the day that led to trouble for sports agent William "Tank" Black.

Black was representing the top two receivers in the draft, Ike Hilliard and
Reidel Anthony. Both had played at Florida and had lots of good friends -
talented friends - still on the team.

Prodded by an agent they trusted, the Giants took Hilliard with the seventh
pick. Nine spots later, Anthony went to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

Black helps players like Hilliard and Anthony negotiate lucrative NFL contracts.
In return, he expects them to help him recruit other players to his agency. He's
built a multimillion-dollar business using this network of players.

But his sports agency empire is in peril. He's being investigated amid
accusations he illegally recruited players.

Black denies any wrongdoing.

"I tell clients that ... I'm going to do such a great job on their contract that
people are going to be writing about it," he said. "But if I do that, and we
make good on all our promises, they're going to have to help me get other
players."

The NFL Players Association has accused Black of providing cars and money to
former Florida players before their college eligibility expired. That would be a
crime in Florida, and university police are investigating along with the NFLPA.

Hilliard and Anthony were selected 15 to 20 spots higher than initially
projected, Black said. They shared their good experiences with other Florida
players, such as Jevon Kearse, Johnny Rutledge, Mike Peterson and Reggie McGrew,
all of whom signed with Black two years later.

Rutledge has admitted accepting monthly $ 500 payments from Black. Rutledge,
Kearse, McGrew and Peterson, all questioned in the investigation, have left
Black and signed with other agents.

Black started representing players in 1988 after leaving his job as an assistant
football coach at South Carolina. His first client was receiver Sterling Sharpe,
the best player on the Gamecocks.

His business now includes 37 clients and brings in between $ 10 million and $ 15
million a year, Black said. He has two offices in Columbia, one of them with
audio and video production rooms to help market his players.

Several agents The Associated Press contacted declined comment on Black, but
almost all acknowledged that it's a cutthroat business in which the line between
right and wrong is often blurred.

"You've got people going out, starting firms representing athletes, who have no
credentials and no clients," agent Frank Bauer said. "So the question is, How do
you get that client? When that starts up, sometimes they feel like they have to
induce a client to go to their side. That's when you get a problem."

The NFLPA could suspend Black's license or ban him completely if it determines
he is guilty.

"We would not file a complaint on any case unless we believed we had sufficient
evidence," NFLPA lawyer Richard Berthelsen said.

Many others seem surprised Black is in trouble.

"I haven't seen a crooked sign on his face, or anything crazy like that," said
client Fred Taylor, the Jacksonville Jaguars running back who has been
questioned in the case. "He's too nice a guy to get himself in trouble like
that, too smart."

The 42-year-old Black, who got his nickname as a 10-pound, 15-ounce newborn,
grew up poor in Johnson City, Tenn. But he had enough athletic skill to become a
three-time NAIA All-American at Carson Newman as a wide receiver.

"He came up the hard way. He achieved success and he has used it for betterment
of other people," said Donna Doyle, chief fund-raiser for a Columbia children's
shelter that recently received a $ 300,000 donation from Black.

While he gives money to charity, he says he never gave any to the Florida
players.

However, there also are questions about whether his associates, most notably
Alfred Twitty, gave money to players. That would be equally damning for Black.

Black concedes Twitty is a central part of the investigation, but he added that
Twitty never worked for him as a recruiter.

"I can't tell you what any third party ever does," Black said. "I can only tell
you what I feel, and I don't feel he has done anything wrong."

Since the accusations became public, Black has spent every day trying to save
his reputation, license and clients. All of this at a time he thought he would
be enjoying a successful year.

"There have been a lot of people dragging his name around," Taylor said.  "He
may not get another client. Whether they clear his name or not, this is
definitely jeopardizing his name and his business."

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              516 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            March 26, 1992, Thursday

Clergyman scolded for backing Tyson Support angers female members of black
church

BYLINE: By Darryl Fears STAFF WRITERboxing; personalities; trials; sex; assault;
religion; blacks; leaders; opinion

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 615 words


Nashville, Tenn. - As former heavyweight boxing champion Mike Tyson faces
sentencing for rape today in Indianapolis, the leader of the most powerful black
religious organization in America is fighting to calm his flock in the wake of
his support of the boxer.

The Rev. Theodore J. Jemison, 73, president of the Nashville-based Baptist
Convention U.S.A., embraced Tyson despite his conviction for raping Miss Black
America beauty contestant Desiree Washington. Both are members of the church.
Ms. Washington is a Sunday school teacher in Rhode Island.

The Rev. Jemison's support of Tyson "drove a stake that can divide the black
church," said Pernessa Seele, a staff member of Harlem Churches for Community
Improvement. "It brings to light the male thought on the role of women. The
women in the Baptist Convention don't have a voice."

The controversy generated a bag of mail from women at the Abyssinian Baptist
Church in New York.

"They were supportive of the notion that rape ought to be punished," said the
Rev. Calvin Butts III. "They seemed perplexed by the clergy's one-sided stand on
this."

In an organization where women rarely speak against their male- dominated
clergy, the problem is immense. Black women represent nearly 70 percent of the
8-million-member Baptist Convention.

The national outcry has been so loud that the normally reclusive Rev. Jemison,
of Baton Rouge, La., has scheduled a press conference Tuesday at Atlanta's
Marriott Marquis hotel to explain his actions.

At the center of the problem is a telephone call the pastor made to Ms.
Washington during the trial in which he asked, "Why are you doing this?"

Karen Baker-Fletcher, professor of theology and culture at Christian Theological
Seminary in Indianapolis, was appalled.

"It showed an insensitivity on his part to the reality of sexual violence that
women experience," she said. "Black women are raped in this country, more often
by black men, more often by black men they know."

"I'd like to see the national Baptist organization react to AIDS, drug abuse,
homelessness and teenage pregnancy as quickly as it defended Mike Tyson," Ms.
Seele said.

The Rev. Jemison said he merely called Ms. Washington to gauge her intent. He
was not taking sides, he said. He just didn't want to see another black man
destroyed.

But many believe his action was linked to an unfulfilled pledge of $ 5 million
Tyson made to the church two years ago.

"I associate his embrace of Tyson with some kind of opportunity to receive
funds," the Rev. Butts said. "If he wanted to fight on behalf of young black
men, he could have spoken out against the Howard Beach incident in New York or
the death of Yusef Hawkins, etcetera."

Supporters such as the Rev. Brenda Brown-Grooms of Nashville have taken the Rev.
Jemison at his word.

"Dr. Jemison was behaving out of his understanding of how ministry is done," she
told The Tennessean newspaper. "There was no meanness in his action."

It doesn't help that the FBI is looking into allegations by Ms. Washington that
she was offered $ 1 million to back off the Tyson case. She has not said who
approached her. The church has denied offering her money.

The Tyson controversy also drew attention to the Baptist Convention's struggles
to pay for a $ 10 million World Baptist Center headquarters in Nashville.

"Paying for that building was never predicated on getting money from Mike
Tyson," insisted the Rev. Franklin Richardson of Mount Vernon, N.Y., general
secretary of the denomination. "Thousands of people are sending in their money
faithfully. We've made three annual $ 1 million payments on the principal. It's
outrageous to call that struggling or failing."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Rev. Theodore J. Jemison of the Baptist Convention U.S.A.
speaks at a 1990 church meeting in Los Angeles

                    Copyright 1992 The Atlanta Constitution


                              517 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Washingtonrecords

SECTION: A; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 569 words


Spokane County

Marriage licenses

Robert D. Johnson, of Post Falls, and Deborah H. Stewart, of Spokane.

Joshua A. Soule and Faith M. Patton, both of Spokane Valley.

Michael J. Novak and Pamela K. Redding, both of Nine Mile Falls.

Jordan D. Rhoads, of Provo, Utah, and Teann E. Dryden, of Coeur d'Alene.

Doreen S. Main and Cheryl A. Harper, both of Pullman.

Sean H. Clark and Amanda L. Vanslyke, both of Spokane.

Matthew L. Freeman and Dara M. Mukai, both of Spokane.

Randall L. Schmelzer and Kerri R. Sullivan, both of Spokane.

Shaun E. Peterson and Trisha A. Cavanaugh, both of Spokane Valley.

Christopher L. Rownfats and Sara N. Stenhouse, both of Spokane Valley.

Jeffrey M. Dillman and Teara A. Tosland, both of Spokane.

Paul M. Webster and Mandy L.A. Rainey, both of Spokane.

Robert D. Beadle and Shannon A. Thane, both of Spokane.

Zachery P. Sylvia and Emily J. Clayton, both of Spokane.

In the courts

Superior courts

New suits

Synchrony Bank v. Steven Bell, money claimed owed.

Cach v. Jenny L. Sellers et al., money claimed owed.

Woolard Investments v. Khalil Beznaiguia, money claimed owed.

Cach v. Orlan Knuth et al., money claimed owed.

Cach v. Lisa M. Johnson et al., money claimed owed.

Cach v. Karen M. Church et al., money claimed owed.

Cach v. Vernon Thompson et al., money claimed owed.

Cach v. Wade A. Croft et al., money claimed owed.

Ranvir Singh v. Binder Kaur et al., complaint for judicial dissolution and
accounting.

Nan Luppert v. Tracy Springberry, injuries/vehicle collision.

Donovan P. Flaig v. Walda B. Cameron, injuries/vehicle collision.

URM Stores v. Sysco Spokane et al., complaint for breach of contract, unfair
competition, tortious interference and injunctive relief.

Sue William v. Nichole Geourneau, restitution of premises.

Black Realty Mgmt. v. Jamie Bradshaw et al., restitution of premises.

Black Realty Mgmt. v. Michael J. Clute et al., restitution of premises.

Black Realty Mgmt. v. Jacquelynn M. Leday et al., restitution of premises.

Bank of New York v. Phillip E. Sloyer et al., restitution of premises.

Lathe A. Comer v. Joel Doe et al., restitution of premises.

Spokane Housing Authority v. Cheyenne Scott et al., restitution of premises.

Ana Wahl v. Darryl Hoyt et al., restitution of premises.

Andrew Rathbun v. Robin Williams et al., restitution of premises.

Kiemle & Hagood v. Samantha F. Archdale et al., restitution of premises.

Marriage dissolution petitions

Favreau, Alyssa and David

Burdue-Troxclair, William E. and Lasean E.

McGee, Jennifer A. and Jeff E.

Culpepper, Barbara I., and Butler, Randall D.

Gilbert, Kindra K. and Jordan E.

Hudson, Kathy L. and Gregory J.

Malinak, Michael J. and Michelle C.

Marriage dissolutions granted

May, William and Leigh

Mills, Crystl K. and John

May, Richard P. and Paula J.

Hauck, Angela L. and Scot L.

Municipal and District courts

Only fines of $500 or more included unless a jail sentence is given.

Judge Tracy Staab

Rambo Wilson, 35; 33 days in jail, assault.

Clinton L. Weger, 43; 90 days in jail, no-contact order violation.

Gared T. Tilch, 25; 30 days in jail, malicious mischief personal property.

Judge Michelle Szambelan

Jordan M. Iseminger, 25; three days in jail, assault and no-contact order
violation.

Judge Sara B. Derr

Geri A. Templeton, 41; 90 days in jail converted to 90 days electronic home
monitoring, first-degree driving with license suspended amended to third-degree
driving with license suspended.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              518 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          The York Dispatch (York, PA)

                             October 3, 2003 Friday

Limbaugh wrong on 2 counts

BYLINE: By LARRY A. HICKS

SECTION: LARRY HICKS

LENGTH: 976 words


Dispatch/Sunday News

Last Sunday, Rush Limbaugh made a fool of himself on ESPN's pre-game broadcast
of "Playmakers" by saying that Philadelphia Eagles' quarterback Donovan McNabb
was overrated.

Worse, he made a racial issue out of it by suggesting that McNabb, who is black,
is the Eagles' starting QB only because the NFL and the media have a vested
interest in social engineering, the end result being that blacks play
quarterback in the NFL.

"I think what we've had here is a little social concern in the NFL. I think the
media has been very desirous that a black quarterback do well. They're
interested in black coaches and black quarterbacks doing well. I think there's a
little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of
his team that he really didn't deserve," Limbaugh said on air.

Twenty years ago, Limbaugh would have been one among many with that point of
view. There were precious few black quarterbacks [or coaches] in the NFL back
then, and there was plenty of discussion in living rooms all across America
about why that was the case.

Today, however, Limbaugh's totally out to lunch. About a third of the league's
teams now have a starting quarterback who happens to be black, and there are 22
black quarterbacks on NFL rosters.

And there also are a handful -- a half dozen, perhaps -- of black head coaches
calling the shots for their respective teams, and some of them have been
successful head coaches for a very long time.

So those very old, tired and boring questions of whether black football players
are smart enough to play quarterback or whether black men are smart enough to be
head coaches in the NFL should have been put to rest a long time ago.

Doug Williams, a black quarterback for the Washington Redskins in the 1988 Super
Bowl, MVP of Super Bowl XXII and now the head football coach at Grambling, was
more than equal to the task.

And have you ever heard of Warren Moon? He's the guy who quarterbacked the
Houston Oilers, Minnesota Vikings and two other NFL teams in the'80s and'90s. In
a 15-year career, he was a Pro-Bowler nine times. He's in the top 5, all time,
in at least four different statistical categories for quarterbacks.

Surely you've heard of Randall Cunningham, a long-time successful quarterback
with the Philadelphia Eagles and later with the Vikings. He was considered one
of the elite quarterbacks of his time.

Two decades ago, it was a question of intelligence. Blacks were not considered
by some -- in football and out -- to be smart enough to read defenses, to play a
position that required leadership as well as athleticism, to handle the pressure
of the game, to make decisions in the heat of the moment. They could run, but
they didn't have the ability to throw the football with the accuracy and touch
required of an NFL quarterback.

Wrong. So very wrong.

For some time now, anyone who's devoted any time at all to watching pro football
knows the debate is over. Blacks can do anything they darned well want to do.
Black quarterbacks can lead a team. They also can make decisions under pressure
and can read defenses as well as anyone. And they can throw the football;
they're not just scramblers.

Yes, blacks can play quarterback. Blacks can coach in the NFL, too. The point is
won.

And that includes Donovan McNabb, by the way, though most of us figured that out
a few years ago. McNabb, the young three-time Pro-Bowler. McNabb, who led his
team to two NFC title games in the last two seasons. McNabb, the team leader.
The man can play the game as well as anyone, better than most.

How could Limbaugh have gone so wrong? Clearly, he's out of his element when he
talks about sports and race in the same breath. Anyone who knows anything about
big-time sports knows one thing: skin color doesn't matter anymore.

It used to matter. It used to matter more than anything else. But not anymore.

It's the reason there are black NFL quarterbacks. It's why the majority of
professional baseball players are black or Hispanic. It's why almost all of the
players in the NBA are black.

Because now, sports is big money. And when money is on the line, the only thing
that matters to team owners and coaches is winning. Winning equals money. The
more one wins, the more money one has in his pocket. That's the way sports --
NFL, NBA, NHL, Major League baseball, college sports and on and on and on --
work today.

And since that is the case, sports [and the music industry, too, I guess] offer
the purest social environment there is on the planet. Skin color doesn't matter.
Religion doesn't matter. Country of origin doesn't matter. Age doesn't matter.
The only thing that matters is performance. You play football or basketball or
baseball or whatever on the basis of merit.

Because that's so often the difference between winning and losing. In this day
and age, and all other things being equal, no coach is going to play a white guy
over a black guy or a Hispanic guy or a Japanese guy just to make a point.

If a player is green and purple striped, but can hit the wide receiver at full
stride over the middle 50 yards down field, he's the guy who's going to get the
call. It's all about winning.

Limbaugh might have been right in his assessment of the importance of skin color
if he'd been talking about politics, big business, college entrance requirements
or any number of other areas of society. Because in those areas, skin color is
too often a factor. Sad, but true.

But in the world of pro sports, at least, skin color is not an issue. Hasn't
been for as long as I can remember.

If you can play well, you play. Skin color be damned.

Rush should have known that.

Columns by Larry A. Hicks, Dispatch/Sunday News columnist, run Sundays, Mondays,
Wednesdays and Fridays. E-mail: lhicks@yorkdispatch.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 York Newspapers, Inc.


                              519 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

West Chesterfield store robbed at gunpoint

BYLINE: Mel Proulx, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 432 words


Jan. 25--WEST CHESTERFIELD -- Police are searching for a man they say robbed a
West Chesterfield convenience store and gas station at gunpoint Sunday night.

Chesterfield police, N.H. State Police, and police from Hinsdale and Brattleboro
responded to Pierre's Place on Route 9 at about 6 p.m., according to a news
release from Chesterfield Police Chief Duane M. Chickering.

A man entered the store, displayed a black handgun in his right front jacket
pocket, and demanded money from the cashier, according to Chickering. The
employee handed over the money and the suspect fled the store toward Red Road in
West Chesterfield, he wrote.

The robber is described as 5-foot-2 to 5-foot-4 with a thin build, according to
Chickering. He was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt, black jacket, black ski
mask, black pants and black gloves with red detailing, Chickering wrote.

The State Police's K9 team tracked the suspect into Brattleboro, but the
investigation is still ongoing, according to Chickering.

Pierre's Place is open this morning, Chickering said.

The West Chesterfield robbery came after three armed robberies last week in
Brattleboro. Chickering said this morning that he and Brattleboro police are
working together to see if there is a possible connection between any of these
four incidents.

In Brattleboro on Jan. 18, a man entered a hotel on Putney Road at about 3:44
a.m. and demanded money from the front desk clerk and then fled with cash,
according to a news release from the Brattleboro Police Department. Police would
not disclose the name of the hotel.

On Jan. 20, police responded to the Mobil station on the roundabout off
Interstate 91's Exit 3 at about 9:30 p.m. for a reported robbery. A woman told
the clerk she had a gun and demanded money before fleeing with an undetermined
amount of cash, police said.

And on Jan. 21, a white man about 6 feet tall and of medium build, wearing a tan
Carhartt-style jacket and a half-face mask, entered Avenue Grocery on Western
Avenue at about 8:40 a.m., according to Brattleboro police. The man told the
clerk he had a gun and demanded money from the register, police said. He was
given an undisclosed amount of money.

Anyone with any information about the Pierre's Place robbery is encouraged to
call Chickering at the Chesterfield Police Department at 363-4233, extension 61.

Mel Proulx can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1409, or
mproulx@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MProulxKS.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160125-KN-West-Chesterfield-store-robbed-at-gunpoint-0125-20160125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                              520 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 25, 2016 Monday

West Chesterfield store robbed at gunpoint Sunday

BYLINE: Mel Proulx, The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 434 words


Jan. 25--WEST CHESTERFIELD -- Police are searching for a man they say robbed a
West Chesterfield convenience store and gas station at gunpoint Sunday night.

Chesterfield police, N.H. State Police and police from Hinsdale and Brattleboro
responded to Pierre's Place on Route 9 at about 6 p.m., according to a news
release from Chesterfield Police Chief Duane M. Chickering.

A man entered the store, displayed a black handgun in his right front jacket
pocket, and demanded money from the cashier, according to Chickering. The
employee handed over the money and the suspect fled the store toward Red Road in
West Chesterfield, he wrote.

The robber is described as 5-foot-2 to 5-foot-4 with a thin build, according to
Chickering. He was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt, black jacket, black ski
mask, black pants and black gloves with red detailing, Chickering wrote.

The State Police's K9 team tracked the suspect into Brattleboro, but the
investigation is still ongoing, according to Chickering.

Pierre's Place was open this morning, Chickering said.

The West Chesterfield robbery came after three armed robberies last week in
Brattleboro. Chickering said this morning that he and Brattleboro police are
working together to see if there is a possible connection among any of these
four incidents.

In Brattleboro on Jan. 18, a man entered a hotel on Putney Road at about 3:44
a.m. and demanded money from the front desk clerk and then fled with cash,
according to a news release from the Brattleboro Police Department. Police would
not disclose the name of the hotel.

On Jan. 20, police responded to the Mobil station on the roundabout off
Interstate 91's Exit 3 at about 9:30 p.m. for a reported robbery. A woman told
the clerk she had a gun and demanded money before fleeing with an undetermined
amount of cash, police said.

And on Jan. 21, a white man about 6 feet tall and of medium build, wearing a tan
Carhartt-style jacket and a half-face mask, entered Avenue Grocery on Western
Avenue at about 8:40 a.m., according to Brattleboro police. The man told the
clerk he had a gun and demanded money from the register, police said. He was
given an undisclosed amount of money, police said.

Anyone with any information about the Pierre's Place robbery is encouraged to
call Chickering at the Chesterfield Police Department at 363-4233, extension 61.

Mel Proulx can be reached at 352-1234, extension 1409, or
mproulx@keenesentinel.com Follow her on Twitter @MProulxKS.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160125-KN-West-Chesterfield-store-robbed-at-gunpoint-Sunday-0125-20160125

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel


                              521 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday
                                FINAL C Edition

Black fights back but may lose it all

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO -- With numerous lawsuits claiming hundreds of millions of dollars in
damages from Conrad Black for allegedly looting the corporate coffers of
Hollinger International, there may be little left of his personal fortune.

The worst-case scenario for Black may never come to pass, since he and the firms
he controls have repeatedly denied wrongdoing and are putting up a vigorous
legal fight.

But in the post-Enron era of corporate scrutiny, when people such as
home-decoration diva Martha Stewart and a host of other corporate executives
face fines and jail time for their business dealings, it's unlikely Black will
emerge unscathed.

In fact, the front-page publicity that the Hollinger special-committee report
received in major U.S. papers will provide added incentive for the Securities
and Exchange Commission to investigate Black and others named in the report.

Black is in much the same situation as former Enron executives, who weren't
known until the Houston-based energy company suddenly collapsed. That has
resulted in companies and individuals paying hundreds of millions of dollars in
fines and other financial penalties in settlements with the SEC.

"The SEC is not shy about coming after people for lots of money," said Ivan
Knauer, a securities lawyer with Pepper Hamilton in Washington, D.C.

"It is at least conceivable that, at the end of the day, some of these
individuals will end up bankrupt and riding the bus."

A three-man special committee of Hollinger's directors, formed last year to
examine concerns from minority shareholders, alleges Black and others diverted
$400 million US to themselves and their companies through various means.

Many of the report's allegations had previously been made in a lawsuit filed by
the company that it's seeking $1.2 billion US in damages from Black and other
defendants.

While Black is fighting that case vigorously, he has already paid several
million dollars to Hollinger International, part of the money he received as
non-compete fees when the company sold some of its papers.

But as an indirect shareholder, Black may be entitled to some of the proceeds
from the recent sale of the London Telegraph or any other money distributed by
Hollinger International to shareholders.

"Anything that's collected out of one of his pockets goes right back into the
other," said Peter Greene, a securities lawyer with the Toronto firm Affleck
Greene Orr LLP.

In addition, none of the allegations levelled against him by a special committee
of Hollinger's board of directors has been proved in court. Legal experts say
the report itself can't be used in court.

"The best way to look at this report is as a potential blueprint for government
charges against individuals named in the report," said Jacob Frenkel, a former
SEC enforcement lawyer.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Canadian Press; Conrad Black (left) and his wife Barbara
Amiel may find their lifestyle seriously curtailed if investors and regulators
succeed.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 28, 2003, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Keep the fish story going: Don't let any Marlins get away

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 625 words

Now that my beloved Florida Marlins have won the World Series, my challenge is
to all those guys with upcoming arbitration or other contract negotiations:

Show us it's not about the money! Help the organization keep this team together
with a modicum of sacrifice.

So see you all next year, and please don't ever tell me it's not about the
money. We learned that lesson from Wayne Huizenga. Chuck St. John Birmingham
Ala.


Yanked: It seems the strong Yankee teams of the mid- to late '90s who were led
by gritty players like Paul O'Neill, Tino Martinez, Chuck Knoblauch and Scott
Brosius were replaced by teams comprised of big-number, no-heart guys like
Alfonso Soriano, Mike Mussina and Jason Giambi.

As the Yanks have failed to win the World Series since they signed Giambi, can
we call it the "Curse of the Giambino"? Art Hlywa Southbury, Conn.

Seeing red: The article on Arizona Cardinals owner Bill Bidwill and his
complaining about needing a new stadium is typical of sports carpetbaggers who
move their franchises into a city and think they are owed a taxpayer-supported,
state-of-the-art venue by divine decree ("Cardinals feel the heat," Oct. 23).

We can always spend taxpayer money to subsidize the private enterprise of a
multimillionaire, but there is never enough money to help subsidize 43 million
uninsured Americans. Can I get taxpayers to build a building for me so I can
open a small business? David L. Wallin New Llano, La.

Sapp defended: I am very upset, as a black male, about the remarks Jon Saraceno
made about Warren Sapp ("Sapp's act ceases to be amusing," Oct. 20).

Saraceno, not being a black male like myself and Sapp, should not be taking
potshots, saying, "But I'm guessing African-American studies wasn't one" of the
classes Sapp took at Miami. Sapp's education about being a black man does not
need to come from college textbooks but comes from the fact that he is a black
male. That's all the education he needs.

The comments Sapp made were incorrect and dead wrong, but Saraceno does not need
to challenge Sapp's "blackness." Blake Verdun Grand Blanc, Mich.

What a sap: Warren Sapp is an ignorant man and a sap. His comparison of himself
to a slave is one of the more ludicrous statements made by an athlete.

He is not entertaining as a commentator, he shows a total lack of education and
knowledge about his ancestry and he must be making the Miami academic
departments cringe every time he talks.

He is a marvelous player, but as a person he projects an image of a buffoon.
Barry Williams Phoenix

Hurting: I am a sophomore at West Virginia and I'm outraged by comments your
staff made about our school ("Increase in fan rowdiness frustrates officials,"
Oct. 22). It seems the only way WVU can be recognized is by the burning of
couches and rowdy fans.

Why is it we are never mentioned for the positive aspects? We have an amazing
forensic identification program, a history of Rhodes Scholars and an outstanding
ear, nose and throat clinic. But we seem to be portrayed as drunken rednecks and
disrespectful.

This article only hurts us and demeans an institution that we call home. Rachael
Shott Morgantown, W.Va.

Carry on: I wanted to thank you for the beautiful article on Jake Porter
("Simple act does world of good," Oct. 17). It's a truly inspiring story that
reminds us all that everyone wins when everyone is given a chance.

I am a mom of a child with Fragile X syndrome. My son is just 5, and we have
been struggling since he was born to help him make gains. Your story was not
only an inspiration of human kindness for me but also a light that my son may
have a future if he is surrounded by such nice people as Jake is. Cheryl
Peterson Turner, Maine

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              523 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 6, 2015 Friday
                                FA CHASE EDITION

Baker's wait is finally over;
Nationals decide on 66-year-old as new manager

BYLINE: Scott Boeck, @scott_boeck, USA TODAY Sports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 729 words


Last week Dusty Baker was "resigned to another disappointment."

With the Washington Nationals reportedly settling on Bud Black, formerly of the
San Diego Padres, as their next manager, Baker, 66, figured 2016 would be his
third consecutive season on the outside of a major league dugout.

He admittedly assumed he thought he was out of the running when the Nationals,
with whom he interviewed twice, didn't call him to inform him why he didn't get
the job.

Now he knows why: "They hadn't made up their mind," Baker said as he was
introduced as Washington's sixth full-time manager Thursday at Nationals Park.

In what was an embarrassing week for the franchise, Black was the Nationals'
first choice. It was reported he was offered the position but balked after an
initial low-ball offer and broke off contract negotiations, leaving the door
open for Baker.

"It did not come down to money; it did not come down to term," Nationals general
manager and president of baseball operations Mike Rizzo said.

"Bud Black was one of the finalists. We definitely had financial parameters
discussed with him and Dusty at the same time."

Rizzo says the job was never offered to Black; rather, the Nationals were
negotiating with Baker and Black simultaneously. Rizzo called the situation a
"unique process" and said his assistant GM, Bob Miller, kept in constant contact
with Baker, who worked with him while they were with the Cincinnati Reds.

"Sometimes the negotiating process tells you a lot about the people you are
negotiating with," Rizzo said. "As we discussed baseball in the interview
process and parameters in the financial process, we came to the conclusion that
Dusty Baker was the perfect guy for us.

"Dusty, in our mind, was never out of it. Bob was giving the message to Dusty
that we were still interested and told him not to close the book on us."

After Matt Williams was fired Oct. 5, Rizzo said he intended to hire a manager
with major league experience.

Baker, who agreed to a two-year, $4 million deal, is a baseball lifer but hasn't
managed since the Reds fired him in 2013 after he led them to a National League
wild-card game appearance.

The three-time NL manager of the year (1993, 1997 and 2000) has 20 seasons of
managerial experience. He is 17th on the managerial wins list (1,671) and led
the San Francisco Giants, Chicago Cubs and Reds to a .526 winning percentage and
seven postseason trips. In 2002, he led the Giants to the World Series.

"This is a day we're really looking forward to," Rizzo said, "going forward with
a man of leadership qualities like Dusty, a man with his impeccable résumé, the
way he handles players, the success rate he's had at other stops. We're looking
for bigger and better things than we've had in D.C."

With the hiring of Baker, Major League Baseball avoids not having a black
manager to start the season for the first time since 1987. Baker knows the
responsibility of that burden.

"I have felt a sense of responsibility the whole time I've been managing," Baker
said. "It's a sense of pride. Hopefully I can make a difference."

He also looks forward to managing Bryce Harper, the 23-year-old presumed NL MVP
whose final week included a dugout dispute during which closer Jonathan Papelbon
choked him.

"I'm not really intimidated or anything by stars, because I was a star," he
said. "I told them, 'I don't care how much money you make; you're not going to
give me any of your money, and I'm not going to give you any of mine.' When the
game starts, it's not about money. It's about whether I kick his butt or he
kicks mine. It's as simple as that."

He becomes the second-oldest manager in the league. Terry Collins of the New
York Mets is older by a couple of weeks.

For Baker, it's a long time coming to finally return to the dugout. He takes
over a dysfunctional team but one with exceptional talent and a ready-to-win-now
organization.

"This is my fourth and final team," Baker said. "Beyond compare, this is the
best talent. That's why I was excited about coming here. Most of the teams I've
had were either on the bottom or near the bottom or had to rebuild from the
bottom.

"I asked a friend of mine, Al Attles, who was with the (NBA's Golden State)
Warriors, I said, 'Al, how come I always have to get teams and build them up?'
He said, 'Dusty, you do more with less.' I told him that I was ready to do more
with more. I'd like to try that."

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Geoff Burke, USA TODAY Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 22, 2005 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

BET Founder Is Moving On To Hedge Fund

BYLINE: By Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section C; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 279 words


Robert L. Johnson, who became a billionaire after selling Black Entertainment
Television, is starting a hedge fund venture with Deutsche Bank with the aim of
developing the largest money management firm owned by black Americans, he said
yesterday.

Mr. Johnson, 59, said he and Deutsche Bank's asset-management unit had agreed to
form the yet-to-be-named money manager. Deutsche Asset Management will serve as
a subadviser in the Washington-based company, whose initial focus will be what
are commonly called hedge funds of funds.

Mr. Johnson turned BET, a network that played mostly television reruns and music
videos, into the first black-controlled company to be traded on the New York
Stock Exchange. His new company will concentrate on public and private pension
funds and institutions, which have been increasingly investing in hedge funds.

''It's an opportune time to get in,'' Mr. Johnson said. ''This is an area in
which African-Americans have not successfully penetrated.''

Mr. Johnson's company will join Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management, formed
by John W. Rogers Jr. in 1983, and Rhumbline Advisers in Boston among prominent
black-owned asset managers in the United States, according to Black Enterprise
magazine.

His company will operate funds that select and allocate money to hedge funds.
Assets of the 50 largest managers of funds of funds rose 27 percent, to $454
billion, in the last year, according to the Alpha magazine published by
Institutional Investor.

Mr. Johnson, a Princeton graduate who also owns the Charlotte Bobcats of the
National Basketball Association, is retiring as BET's chairman in January.

''This is my second act,'' he said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Robert Johnson is creating a ''fund of funds'' with Deutsche
Bank. (Photo by Matthew Simmons/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              525 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 25, 2000, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Warrick-Black talk downplayed

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; COLLEGES; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



A former Florida State fullback who was present when sports agent Tank Black and
former FSU All-America receiver Peter Warrick were introduced said nothing
improper occurred during the impromptu meeting and that no inducements were
offered.

Lamarr Glenn, who played his final season at FSU two years ago, said he and
Warrick met the embattled agent during the 1998 season virtually by accident
while visiting a friend.

"It was nothing arranged and nothing happened," Glenn told the Orlando Sentinel.
"It was a spontaneous meeting."

Black, whose Professional Management Inc. agency is based in Columbia, S.C., was
linked to investigations of improper payment of players at Florida and other
schools. He also is under investigation by the federal government for a variety
of charges, including embezzlement, securities fraud and money laundering, and
is free on $ 1-million bail.

Warrick and Glenn last week admitted to meeting Black on Oct. 26, 1998, at the
Tallahassee home of Sam Oliver, who worked for Black as an intermediary,
according to FSU officials.

While state law prohibits agents from meeting with college players without the
permission of their schools, Glenn said he has known Oliver for years and the
meeting was  not planned on the players' behalf.

Neither Warrick nor Glenn, who was drafted in the sixth round of the 1999 draft
by the Bucs but was cut, signed with Black after college.

Oliver reportedly told investigators with the state Department of Business and
Professional Regulation that Black had made a presentation to the pair in an
attempt to woo them as clients. In keeping with state confidentiality laws, the
BPR on Friday declined to comment on whether an investigation of Black even
exists. Oliver could not be located for comment.

Warrick couldn't be reached. His stepfather, Charles Williams Jr., hadn't talked
to Warrick, but he said he knows what Warrick would have said. "He'd tell
people, "Quit messing with me. Let me live my life,' " Williams said Friday from
his Palmetto home.

Williams said he never met Black but that Black - as well as numerous other
agents - used to call Williams' home. Williams also said that neither he nor his
stepson took any money from an agent. "No one can use me," Williams said.
"Nobody ever offered me any illegal stuff."

FSU compliance chief Bob Minnix said Friday that Warrick previously told him
there was nothing improper about the meeting with Black.

"He wasn't really clear on it," Minnix said. "He remembered that Lamarr Glenn
hadn't told him that Tank was going to be there. They got over to the house and
were hanging out, according to what Pete told me, and Tank did in fact drop by.

"I asked what happened and Pete said, "Nothing. We talked for a while, and he
didn't have a whole lot to say.' "

Warrick told Minnix that Black didn't make a formal pitch about someday using
his agency. Warrick ultimately signed with the Los Angeles-based firm of Norm
Nixon.

A second meeting was arranged in late 1998 between Black and Warrick at his
stepfather's home in Palmetto, but it was canceled, according to what Oliver
told the BPR investigators.

TENNESSEE: Freshmen probably will be playing in the secondary this fall,
defensive coordinator John Chavis said. Redshirt freshman safety Sterling Kazee,
a potential starter, was dismissed from the team Friday for missing class and
lack of academic effort.

SOFTBALL: LSU coach Glenn Moore accepted the job at Baylor and will get a raise
of $ 34,500.


LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              526 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Beanie Bags Review and Rating

LENGTH: 982  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Reno: Jimmy Beans Wool has issued the following Press release:



  Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.



  8 out of 11 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     2 of 129

  Review by: MHouseholder     (read MHouseholder's 3 other reviews)     Dec 26,
2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  3 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     3 of 129

  Review by: Marnita     (read Marnita's 1 other reviews)     Dec 25, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: 03-Month Gift Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  1 out of 3 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     4 of 129

  Review by: kbauerle     (read kbauerle's 2 other reviews)     Dec 24, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  4 out of 10 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     5 of 129

  Review by: MargoG     (read MargoG's 2 other reviews)     Dec 23, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  6 out of 10 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     6 of 129

  Review by: Paula R     (read Paula R's 2 other reviews)     Dec 23, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  4 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Disappointing     7 of 129

  Review by: Southerngreen     (read Southerngreen's 1 other reviews)     Dec
22, 2015

  Rating: 2 out of 5 stars (2 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: 03-Month Gift Subscription - *USA

 I expected a small project that I could work with one of the school girls I am
teaching, but no. There was not enough yarn to make the project as laid out in
the pattern, and the project itself was cheesy. I would love to be able to give
a great review, but I can't. The most impressive thing about it was the zipper
bag it came in.

  13 out of 20 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     8 of 129

  Review by: kbauerle     (read kbauerle's 2 other reviews)     Dec 22, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  1 out of 1 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     9 of 129

  Review by: reginaj55     (read reginaj55's 1 other reviews)     Dec 21, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  4 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     10 of 129

  Review by: susan4455     (read susan4455's 1 other reviews)     Dec 21, 2015

  Rating: 4 out of 5 stars (4 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  0 out of 1 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Beanie Bags Review and Rating

LENGTH: 982  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Reno: Jimmy Beans Wool has issued the following Press release:



  Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.



  8 out of 11 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     2 of 129

  Review by: MHouseholder     (read MHouseholder's 3 other reviews)     Dec 26,
2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  3 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     3 of 129

  Review by: Marnita     (read Marnita's 1 other reviews)     Dec 25, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: 03-Month Gift Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  1 out of 3 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     4 of 129

  Review by: kbauerle     (read kbauerle's 2 other reviews)     Dec 24, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  4 out of 10 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     5 of 129

  Review by: MargoG     (read MargoG's 2 other reviews)     Dec 23, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  6 out of 10 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     6 of 129

  Review by: Paula R     (read Paula R's 2 other reviews)     Dec 23, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  4 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Disappointing     7 of 129

  Review by: Southerngreen     (read Southerngreen's 1 other reviews)     Dec
22, 2015

  Rating: 2 out of 5 stars (2 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: 03-Month Gift Subscription - *USA

 I expected a small project that I could work with one of the school girls I am
teaching, but no. There was not enough yarn to make the project as laid out in
the pattern, and the project itself was cheesy. I would love to be able to give
a great review, but I can't. The most impressive thing about it was the zipper
bag it came in.

  13 out of 20 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     8 of 129

  Review by: kbauerle     (read kbauerle's 2 other reviews)     Dec 22, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  1 out of 1 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     9 of 129

  Review by: reginaj55     (read reginaj55's 1 other reviews)     Dec 21, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  4 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     10 of 129

  Review by: susan4455     (read susan4455's 1 other reviews)     Dec 21, 2015

  Rating: 4 out of 5 stars (4 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  0 out of 1 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           November 20, 1994, Sunday

White-owned media company behind top-rated, black-oriented WVEE-FM

BYLINE: By Rodney Ho STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section R; Page 10

LENGTH: 462 words


Atlanta's top-rated WVEE-FM (V-103) bills itself as "the people's station."

When riots broke out after the Rodney King verdict, the station turned all-talk
for two days so residents could vent. It sponsors events, with its Jam Box, a
colorful radio-shaped van, as its promotional centerpiece.

V-103 also invests in a five-person news staff, more than any other music
station, because "we are the source for black news," said Mike Roberts, veteran
morning disc jockey, who averages 340,000 listeners each day.

What many of those listeners probably don't know is that V-103 has white owners.

When Summit Broadcasting, a white-owned media company, put the station up for
sale last November, only one black bidder came forward. But he lacked sufficient
financing, said Mary Catherine Sneed, Summit's vice president for radio.

"It would be better if we were black-owned, but it's hard to get that much money
if you're a minority," Sneed said.

Eventually, white-owned Granum Communications purchased six of Summit's stations
for $ 130 million, pending regulatory approval. About $ 90 million of that was
for V-103 and its sister gospel station, WAOK-AM.

White ownership of major black-oriented stations is not unusual. Only 3 percent
of the nation's 10,000 commercial stations are minority- owned.

But the ownership issue has been a source of controversy.

A fired employee recently filed a complaint with the Federal Communications
Commission, accusing V-103 of discrimination. Sneed said the complaint is
baseless because the employee's replacement was also black. About two-thirds of
V-103's management is black.

Last month, Jerry Roebuck, who heads Black Expo USA, protested V- 103's
sponsorship of a black women's expo, saying the white company was exploiting
blacks and competing against his black-owned effort. V-103 made money off the
event, Sneed acknowledged, but it also gave $ 106,000 to a black charity.

The controversies probably won't affect V-103's bottom line, said radio
consultant Dain Schult. "There are so many other things for people to protest
about."

V-103 has topped the Arbitron ratings for five straight years, attracting more
than 500,000 listeners a day.

The station pulled in an estimated $ 14.6 million last year, attracting
advertisers such as American Express, Saturn and The Wall Street Journal.

"V has had minimal competition," said Harry Lyles, president of Lyles Urban
Consultancy. "When you've had an easy piece of cake, you better make money."

Some listeners criticize V-103's conservative music mix, which blends oldies
from the '60s and '70s with current artists. The station rarely plays rap,
considered a polarizing element.

"They don't break new music," complained 25-year-old Midtown resident Idris
Morris.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943260110

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Mary Catherine Sneed

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              529 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 6, 1989, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Black University Fights Desegregation Order

BYLINE: Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 665 words

DATELINE: BATON ROUGE, La., Aug. 3


Louisiana's largest black college, Southern University, has gone to court in an
effort to block a Federal court order aimed at desegregating the state's
colleges.

At the same time the alumni association at the state's other black college,
Grambling State University, has asked the court to delay imposing the order
until it hears objections from the group. Southern University has also asked
that the order be delayed until the court hears yts complaints.

The legal complaints were filed this week with a three-judge panel sitting in
Federal District Court in New Orleans. On July 20 the judges, acting in a case
against the state that dates to 1974, found ''illegal segregation in Louisiana's
higher education'' and ordered changes that included a new state board to
oversee the colleges and specific racial requirements in enrollments at
predominantly white and black colleges.

Officials at Southern and Grambling have said they fear the order will deprive
them of money needed to provide the quality of education that blacks need. The
judge's order asked the state to provide the predominantly black colleges with
additional money to improve their education programs ''when fiscally possible.''


'Burden on the Victims'

Southern University's president, Dolores Spikes, acknowledged the paradox in
black schools' contesting a desegregation order that resulted from a suit
originally filed by the Federal Government on behalf of blacks.

''We want to keep the access and the opportunity to succeed for blacks,'' Mrs.
Spikes said. ''I don't want the remedy to place the burden for desegregation on
the backs of the victims of segregation.''

But Gov. Buddy Roemer's attorney in the case, John Kennedy, praised the order's
''great potential to desegregate'' and said the changes would improve the
quality of state universities for all students.

The judges ordered the dismantling of three predominantly white boards and one
predominantly black board that are now governing the state's 17 colleges and
universities. They ordered the creation of a single state board to administer
all 17. Southern objected to this consolidation in its court action, saying the
court had exceeded its authority. The predominantly black board had governed
Southern University, while one of the other boards governed Grambling.

The order also requires white schools to set aside 10 percent of their student
openings for blacks and requires black schools to set aside 10 percent of their
openings for whites. Black students made up 7 percent of the enrollement at
Louisiana State University in 1988, while white students made up 4 percent of
the enrollments at Southern and Grambling.

The court's plan names Louisiana State University as the state's flagship
university with the strictist entrance requirements. Southern and three other
schools would make up a second, ''somewhat less selective'' tier, the court
said. Grambling is one of eight schools designated for a third tier to offer
undergraduate degrees only, with even more relaxed admission requirements. The
four remaining colleges are to become part of a new community college system.

The court also ordered Southern's law school to merge into Louisiana State's law
school.

The panel was composed of Judge John Minor Wisdom of the United States Court of
Appeals for the Fifth Circuit and Federal District Judges Charles Schwartz Jr.
and Veronica D. Wicker. When a state is challenged in Federal court, a
three-judge panel can be convened in the case. Suit by Justice Dept.  The judges
acted in a suit filed against the state by the Justice Department in 1974. The
Justice Department also asked the court to order money for improvements at black
schools to make them more attractive to white students.

In 1981 the state agreed to provide the money but last year the court concluded
that the state had failed to live up to its agreement. The judges appointed an
expert to study the higher education system and make recommendations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              530 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 29, 1996, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Spreading the Economic Word;
Black Pulpits, a White Businessman and Buying Power

BYLINE: By JON NORDHEIMER

SECTION: Section D;  Page 1;  Column 3;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1941 words

DATELINE: MEMPHIS


Strong in faith but weak in economic leverage, prominent black church leaders
are joining hands with a little-known white conservative businessman in a
secular alliance to cash in on black spending power.

Five denominations representing more than 15 million members -- nearly half of
America's black population -- will use the power of 43,000 pulpits next month to
urge their flocks to buy products and services endorsed by the Revelation
Corporation of America, the for-profit merchandising creation of John B. Lowery,
a Memphis developer.

If substantial numbers of parishioners heed the call, Mr. Lowery said,
Revelation could quickly become a highly profitable public company controlled by
church leaders, who have pledged the corporation's income to the cause of black
home ownership.

According to the plan, substantial sums also would be funneled to local churches
whose members buy the food products, durable goods, travel packages, auto and
home financing and insurance that will be offered through Revelation. And Mr.
Lowery, without apology, says he hopes to reap a personal fortune, as well.

"If I make any money, that means the churches will be making a lot more," the
40-year-old entrepreneur said. His company, Lowery-Riggan Inc., holds 30 percent
of Revelation's stock and controls three of 10 board seats, while the five
participating denominations own 70 percent of the stock and hold seven seats.
Mr. Lowery said Revelation would charge no membership fees and would stand or
fall on its ability to convince buyers that they were being offered bargains.

Backers praise Revelation as an opportunity to revive deteriorating minority
communities, where little mortgage money is available. But already, detractors
are asking uncomfortable questions about the project. They question the wisdom
of associating mainstream black churches with a little-known business operator
with no experience in mass-marketing. And they worry that steering blacks to
Revelation's corporate partners could harm established black businesses like
insurance companies and car dealerships.

The National Baptist Convention, U.S.A.; the Christian Methodist Episcopal
Church; the American Methodist Episcopal Zion Church; the National Baptist
Convention of America, and the Progressive Baptist Convention have all joined
the marketing plan.

But the three other major denominations belonging to the Congress of National
Black Churches have declined to take part. Bishop John Hurst Adams of the
African Methodist Episcopal Church is an outspoken opponent. "I think it is
inappropriate for black churches to turn their constituents over to a white
businessman about whom we know so little," he said. "I do not view a project
that enriches whites as a form of black empowerment. The first and most glaring
reservation I have is, 'Who is this John Lowery?' "

While the answer to that question is complicated, in part because of Mr.
Lowery's past connections, the bishops who have signed on with Revelation say
they are impressed by his business acumen. In the five months since Revelation's
plans were announced, the Memphis developer says, he has persuaded several major
corporations to take part as vendors, including the Progressive Insurance
Company of Cleveland, which will write auto insurance, and several more are
waiting in the wings. By June 17, he said church members will be able to dial an
"800" number to register with Revelation, and starting Aug. 1, five million
Revelation coupon books will be distributed to them, each containing 50 discount
coupons on food and other household and toiletry items redeemable at
neighborhood groceries. New books will be handed out every month, and a sample
catalogue of products and gifts will be available by Christmas, he said.

"We're charging our advertisers $10 per 1,000 coupons to be in our books," he
said. "Our cost is $3 per 1,000, which means Revelation collects $7 on every
1,000 coupons issued even if not a single coupon is redeemed." By that formula,
Revelation would earn a minimum of $21 million on coupons this year, he said.

If things go well, Mr. Lowery calculated Revelation could take in $126 million
in the first 24 months of operation, with expenses totaling only $6 million
because the corporate partners would bear most of the costs. One-third of the
net would go to participating local churches and the balance to the
corporation's building fund to help people acquire low-interest mortgages for
new homes or commercial buildings in black neighborhoods.

Membership-based marketing is hardly new. CUC International Inc. in Stamford,
Conn., is probably the biggest commercial provider of discounted goods and
services, with 46 million members; its "Entertainment" coupon books are popular
fund-raisers for churches and other groups. And Mr. Lowery says he is patterning
Revelation on the American Association of Retired Persons, the Washington-based
nonprofit group representing more than 33 million older Americans. The A.A.R.P.
earned $146 million in commissions in 1994 by lending its name to insurance and
other programs sold to its members.

Black churches have always played significant political and social roles in the
lives of their members, but their economic initiatives for decades were
generally limited to matters like burial funds and financial help for widows and
orphans.

Outside the church, attempts to organize national self-help groups had checkered
histories. Booker T. Washington's National Negro Business League, formed to aid
small black businesses, met resistance from both whites and black leaders like
W. E. B. Du Bois, who objected to Washington's acceptance of racial segregation.

Marcus Garvey's Universal Negro Improvement Association attracted a large
following in the 1920's with its message of economic self-reliance and racial
pride, but it fell apart after Garvey's conviction on mail-fraud charges. His
ideas continued to influence political thought and church-based sects, however,
notably black separation groups like the Nation of Islam, which operates a
number of retail stores in an attempt to keep money circulating inside black
communities.

Now, the chronic economic problems of inner cities and growing skepticism that
government can improve conditions have focused black church leaders' energy on
economic development.

"Traditionally, the black church has preached salvation and hope," said William
H. Graves, Presiding Bishop of the Christian Methodist Episcopal Church, one of
the five denominations taking part in Revelation. "The time has come to help
with the economic self-empowerment that Martin Luther King Jr., talked about."

The idea for Revelation grew out of a four-year collaboration between Mr. Lowery
and Bishop Graves to put up housing on weed-choked fields owned by Mr. Graves's
church in Memphis, the town where King was murdered in 1968. With banks' being
unwilling to finance development of the site and property taxes' going unpaid,
the land was threatened by foreclosure. Mr. Lowery negotiated a deal under which
his company, would build three-bedroom houses, with the city helping to finance
down payment loans for buyers.

The project's success -- Lowery-Riggan has put up 190 homes so far -- prompted
the two men to discuss setting up a for-profit business that would help
low-income blacks get housing, Mr. Lowery said. In time, they drew up a proposal
for the creation of Revelation and, last year, took it to the Congress of
National Black Churches.

And while some church leaders harbored doubts, others, like Dr. Henry J. Lyons,
president of the National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., saw more hope than threat.
"John Lowery came to us with a workable plan, asking for no capital from us and
offering great potential," said Mr. Lyons, who holds the unpaid position of
president of the new venture.

There is little in Mr. Lowery's background to suggest he would become a champion
of black self-help. He grew up in the semirural reaches of Colliersville, a
distant suburb populated by white-flight refugees from Memphis. His chief
business partner in Lowery-Riggan, which he says grossed $50 million last year,
is his former father-in-law, Charlie Riggan, a rough-cut Oldsmobile dealer in
Colliersville.

Mr. Riggan, a large, gregarious man who favors bright Hawaiian shirts and Hush
Puppie shoes, keeps a collector's one-shot derringer on his office desk behind
the car showroom and regales his customers with rural witticisms likely to
offend the politically correct.

In 1992, when a pending divorce from Mr. Riggan's daughter threatened to break
up the business partnership, Mr. Lowery says, he took a leave of absence to run
the district office of Representative Harold E. Ford, a black Democrat.

Though he was a conservative Republican who had never voted for a Democrat, he
says, he was chosen for the job because of his money-raising skills and business
contacts. He says he made his first million dollars by age 24 by building
apartment houses and later developed hotel projects for two high-flying brothers
in Tennessee banking, Jacob F. Butcher and C.  H. Butcher. He met the
Congressman at parties the Butchers were hosts for at University of Tennessee
football games, he recalled.

After their banking network failed in 1983, the Butchers eventually went to
prison for defrauding depositors of $20 million, and Representative Ford faced
Federal charges of accepting bribes in the guise of $1.5 million in business
loans from the brothers. Mr. Ford's first trial ended with a hung jury. By 1992,
when Mr. Lowery went to work for him, the Congressman was raising money to pay
the huge costs of an impending second trial in which he was acquitted.

Mr. Lowery makes no bones about concluding that anyone who found a way to tap
the "last great financial frontier" -- black spending power -- stood to make a
lot of money. "When I really started thinking about it, I saw it held a lot of
economic promise for John Lowery," he cheerfully acknowledged

He says he has invested $1.2 million from his own pocket in Revelation's
start-up costs. And he has recruited two heavy hitters to help organize the new
company: Prudential Securities Inc., the investment-banking unit of the
Prudential Insurance Company of America, to act as financial adviser; and the
Electronic Data Systems Corporation, a unit that the General Motors Corporation
is spinning off, to create a computer system.

Besides Progressive Insurance, which signed a contract with Revelation last
month, Mr. Lowery said he expects to reach agreement soon with the Norwest
Mortgage Company of Des Moines to handle home mortgages.

Some black leaders say they could not care less about Mr. Lowery's race,
politics or money-making ambitions. What matters, they say, is whether he can
deliver to the black community. Kweisi Mfume, president of the National
Association for the Advancement of Colored People, said that with Federal
dollars drying up for social programs, the black community is forced to choose
pragmatism over ideology. "Right now we need people who are doers, so we've put
aside political badges," he said in a telephone interview.

Others caution that the alliance faces entrenched obstacles. Dr. C. Eric
Lincoln, professor emeritus of religion and culture at Duke University, pointed
out that black ministers and their congregations were famously independent.

"Even if it's a good idea, even if it's logical, it will not fly unless it has
strong local support," Dr. Lincoln said. "The church is the last institution
blacks control and no white is going to be allowed to be seen as running the
place."

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: John B. Lowery, a Memphis developer, left, with Dr. Henry J.
Lyons, president of the National Baptist Convention, U.S.A., and his
congregation at the Bethel Metropolitan Church in St. Petersburg, Fla. (Ricardo
Ferro for The New York Times) (pg. D1)

Tables: "Consumer Power" lists average spending in 1993 for black and nonblack
households and the percentage of total spending for selected items. (Source:
Billy J. Tidwell, Datadeeds Inc.) (pg. D1); "Parners in Revelation" lists
denominations that joined the Revelation Corporation of America and provides
membership figures. (Source: Congress of National Black Churches) (pg. D3)

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              531 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    February 5, 1990, Monday, Final Edition

The Lottery: A 'Get-Rich Quick Fraud'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A10; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 227 words


I applaud the successful efforts of Secretary of Health and Human Services Louis
Sullivan to block the marketing of a cigarette brand aimed at blacks. His
actions show a responsible public figure addressing a problem that will make a
real difference in people's lives.

Another concern that deserves similar attention is government-sponsored lottery
games. A current television ad for the D.C. lottery features a number of people
testifying as to their luck at playing the lottery and how, in the words of one
spokesman, a person can make lots of money. The most striking aspect of the ad
is that virtually all the persons appearing happen to be black. One wonders why
the lottery would be trying, apparently, to target the black population as
likely players of the game. Has the economic status of blacks risen sufficiently
that many can afford to spend money on a game in which they have less chance of
winning than of being struck by lightning?

This fantasy of large amounts of money instantly won is a cruel hoax perpetuated
by the lottery. The results are especially tragic in poor neighborhoods, where
one sees at the convenience store people who need every dollar they have wasting
their money on the lottery. Added to this is the lottery's efforts to entrap
blacks in this get-rich fraud, which is most disturbing. JAMES F. PETERSON
Washington

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              532 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 23, 2010 Tuesday
                             First Replate Edition

'Something needs to be done';
Braves great Aaron says lack of blacks in baseball 'dampens my spirit.'

BYLINE: David O'Brien; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 694 words


LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. --- The biggest Brave stopped by spring training Monday.
Hank Aaron made it a point to walk through the clubhouse for what he said was
the first time in 20 years.

"I've been in the clubhouse, but not during spring training," he clarified,
adding that the sights and smells brought back memories. "I remember going
through the clubhouse and my hands were bleeding and tired and everything was
sore. But I kept right on going."

Aaron, 76, fielded questions on a wide range of topics, including top prospect
Jason Heyward, who could open the season for the Braves in right field, Aaron's
old position.

Heyward, too, is a black Southerner. Aaron has voiced concern in the past about
declining numbers of blacks in the majors. The Braves haven't had more than one
or two blacks on their roster in recent years.

Aaron was asked if he was encouraged that Heyward could become the new face of
the franchise.

"It's encouraging, but I'd like to see more," Aaron said. "I think we're on the
right track, but it dampens my spirit when I come up to spring training and I
look at the kids --- I'm not talking about tomorrow, I'm talking about right now
--- and don't see any black kids. ...

"And this is a scene that you see all over the major leagues. This is not only
with the Braves. You can go to any ballclub and you see the same thing. ...
Something needs to be done about it."

He also conceded there is no simple solution.

"I'm trying to figure out what is being done," he said. "I don't know how [to
fix it], really. The game of baseball is very expensive. That's No. 1. It takes
money for a kid to develop. Look at ballparks in Fulton County vs. Buckhead.
You're talking about a field [in Buckhead] that is manicured; coaches are there,
equipment is there. You go to Southwest Atlanta. ... The parents just don't have
the money to pay for it."

This wasn't what Aaron expected when he retired in 1976, a time when blacks
constituted more than 25 percent of major league rosters. Last year, that
percentage was 10.2.

"Black kids still play the game," he said. "Somewhere along the line you lose
them, between the ages of 12 and 17. What happens is those kids migrate and
start playing football. They go to college on football scholarships.

"Mothers and fathers, the black parents, don't have that kind of money to send
kids to four years of college. A college scholarship, that's where they're
going.

"There's a lot of reasons [for the decline]. But we've got to try to figure out
what's the main reason, and baseball has got to dip its hands in the pool and
help out a little bit."

Among other topics he discussed were the current Braves, manager Bobby Cox's
final season and Mark McGwire and steroids.

On Braves pitcher Tommy Hanson: "Oh, God, this kid has the world in front of
him. If everything stays on par and he pitches the way I know he can pitch, I
think the Braves have a bubbling superstar in their pitching."

On steroids in baseball: "I think baseball is cleaning up its act a little bit,
I really do. I've said this, and I've repeated it over and over again: This is
the most forgiving country in the world. If you come clean and tell the truth,
you're going to be forgiven."

On McGwire's recent steroids confession: "I would have loved to have seen him do
it a long time ago. But since he did it, I think that he would tell you himself
he's able to sleep at night, he's able to look at his teammates."

On Cox's plans to retire as manager after the 2010 season: "Bobby's just been
wonderful, not only to this organization and the city of Atlanta, he's been good
for baseball. ... You hate to see Bobby go. You know what he means to the
organization, what he's done, championship after championship and he's helped so
many ballplayers. You hate to see somebody like that go. But we all have to
change and keep moving."

On being considered the "People's Home Run Champ" by those who see Barry Bonds'
record as tainted by his alleged use of steroids: "Regardless of what happens,
I'm not going to hit another home run. That's all I'm going to hit. (Aaron
laughs). Not in this world. I may do it somewhere else, but right now that's the
end of my (home runs)."

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              533 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            March 5, 1980 Wednesday

Vote-buying charge   hits GOP campaign   in South Carolina

BYLINE: Lawrence Martin; GAM

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: Charleston SC


By LAWRENCE MARTIN
                        Globe and Mail Correspondent
  CHARLESTON, S.C. - The Old South, not a stranger to political chicanery,
 is beset with allegations of corruption between presidential candidates
 and preachers.

The George Bush campaign has accused rival John Connally of passing
 out walking-around money to the poor black people of South Carolina prior
 to this Saturday's important primary.

Walking-around money is a Southern colloquialism which means,
 essentially, buying votes. The way the Bush people have pictured it, the
 blacks will be walking to the polls on Saturday in new suede shoes
 purchased with Connally money.

One Bush supporter says he saw white Connally operatives stuffing the
 pockets of grinning blacks at the back of the auditorium where Mr.
 Connally was delivering a speech.

A principal allegation suggests that Connally money was offered to
 black church ministers. The preachers in this state have a long history
 of practicing pulpit politics and getting their brethren to vote in
 blocks.

Allegations backfiring

But the indications are that the Bush allegations, true or untrue, are
 backfiring. Polls taken since the allegations surfaced late last week
 show that Mr. Connally, who has made this his life-or-death primary, has
 passed Mr. Bush and is in second place now behind Ronald Reagan.

Connally officials say that the allegations have served to insult the
 South Carolina people, who used to be accused of corrupt politics but
 have been successfully shedding the image in recent years. Gay Suber, Mr.
 Connally's state co-ordinator, said: I bet my hat and my behind that Bush
 now admits this was a mistake.

A Connally spokesman, Jim McElvoy, said: The Bush allegation has
 knocked Bush out of the race. He has been treating this state like it was
 still in the 1960s.

The main Bush charge, made by Harry Dent, chairman of Mr. Bush's
 steering committee, was that Mr. Connally had offered $75,000 in cash to
 black Methodist Church ministers. Mr. Dent said his information came from
 Jim Timmons, chairman of the South Carolina Black Republican Forum.

Mr. Timmons has been working as a top official with the Bush
 campaign.

The controversy was fuelled further when Andie Fraser, a black leader
 in Charleston, said she saw many blacks getting their pockets stuffed
 during the Connally speech. If I had to tell this story on my death bed,
 I would tell it under dying oath, Miss Fraser said.

Gutter politics deplored

The allegations, which received front-page treatment in South Carolina
 newspapers, were immediately denied by Mr. Connally, who has been doing
 poorly in the Republican nomination battle to date. Harry Dent owes the
 people of this state an apology for gutter politics, he said. We made no
 deal. I'm outraged and I'm outraged on behalf of the black ministers.

Tony Campbell, state campaign manager for Mr. Connally, accused Mr.
 Bush of vicious lies and dirty tricks. And in a comment that raised many
 eyebrows, he said: I don't even know what walking-around money means.

Mr. Dent responded on behalf of the Bush campaign by saying: I would
 suggest that John Connally apologize for the nasty comments he's been
 making.

About 30 per cent of South Carolina's population is black. The average
 income in the state is $6,200, while the poverty level in the United
 States is $6,100. The majority of South Carolina blacks live below that
 level.

The blacks are predominantly Democrats and normally would not be
 eligible to vote in a Republican primary. But Saturday's GOP contest is
 open to all voters, making the appeal to blacks of potentially great
 significance.

Jamie Spriggs, a black sanitation worker here, said yesterday that
 being as all the candidates are Republican, I don't think many of us are
 for any of hem.

Won't tell about it

As for the walking-around money, he said: A lot of us can use it, but
 I ain't been offered any. And none of my friends ain't neither. And
 besides, if we had, we wouldn't be telling you anyway.

The primary comes just three days before primaries in Florida, Georgia
 and Alabama. Politicians are paying it full attention because they feel
 the vote here could influence the vote in the rest of the South.

Mr. Connally, who is spending $500,000 here and more time in the state
 than in any other, needs at least a second-place finish to keep his
 chances viable. Mr. Bush has led him in the polls, but a CBS poll
 released yesterday showed Mr. Connally ahead.

Dick Greer, state campaign chairman for Mr. Bush, said in an interview
 yesterday that any Bush falloff probably is attributable to his New
 Hampshire loss to Ronald Reagan and not the vote-buying allegation. He
 said that if Mr. Bush won the Massachusetts primary yesterday, his vote
 would swing upward again.

But the Bush people are clearly worried about the reverse effects of
 their allegations. While most of the Bush spokesmen refused comment on
 the allegations, the Connally people were more than anxious to talk about
 them.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                      September 1, 2002 Sunday MO1 EDITION

S.J. might have missed signs of trouble at black chamber

BYLINE: Kate Folmar Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1475 words


In an attempt to reach out to minority communities with tobacco-settlement
money, the city of San Jose awarded a lucrative grant to the Silicon
Valley/Santa Clara County Black Chamber of Commerce, a small institution with
little experience managing a lot of cash.

By doing so, San Jose lawmakers went against the advice of their staffers. Now
the black chamber is under police and city auditor scrutiny for how the grant
was used.

The black chamber received the $839,000 Tech Q grant to teach free computer
classes to displaced workers. It was among the largest awards in the first round
of distributions from the city's $10 million annual share of a settlement from
tobacco companies.

In the months after the December 2000 decision, city officials received several
warnings about the chamber's health, from its trouble meeting grant-reporting
deadlines to missed rent payments to the city.

But the city didn't take action until black community leaders publicly alleged
in August that chamber president and board member Kenneth Jackson funneled grant
money into his company -- something he vigorously denies.

A Mercury News review of the situation paints a portrait of a non-profit group
in trouble and city officials who seemed unaware of -- or unable to solve -- the
black chamber's woes before or after approving the grant.

Jackson has refused to discuss his business dealings but says he's confident the
audit -- which the black chamber requested -- will clear his name.

"All the money was used to provide technological services to the under-served
community -- that little message seems to get lost in everything," said Jackson,
who left his post as the black chamber president in early August. "All the money
was used to purchase computers, hire instructors and run programs. Every last
dollar."

Several city officials and a businessman who has done a preliminary review of
the chamber's books for the Tech Q grant say it does not appear that Jackson
misappropriated money.

Still, Jackson's business practices -- which included running his business,
Innetix, out of the chamber's offices for a time -- have drawn scrutiny to the
black chamber and its handling of city-grant funding.

The chamber -- under new leadership and seeking to expand -- was on uneven
footing when it went after the Tech Q grant in late 2000. It experienced
habitual struggles filing required paperwork for a series of smaller city grants
it received from mid-1994 to mid-2001. Cora Velasco, a city parks department
superintendent who manages grants, said it is fairly common for small non-profit
groups to have difficulty filing reports on time, but that the black chamber's
problems were more persistent than most.

San Jose staffers recommended against funding the $1.1 million initial Tech Q
request, giving it a score of 49 out of 100 points, city records show. They
lauded the program for offering an important service, but criticized the
proposal for not outlining how the training schedule would work or how it would
coordinate with other job training programs.

The grant, awarded at the recommendation of the Healthy Neighborhoods Venture
Fund steering committee, came at a time when the city was on a tight timeline to
distribute the tobacco-settlement money, participants recalled.

Lawmakers said they awarded the grant because Tech Q was an innovative program
that met the city's goal of using part of the money to provide education
opportunities for diverse groups of people. They also stress that the chamber
was under new leadership -- with Jackson newly at the helm when the grant was
awarded.

"With this being the first round, perhaps we were not as thorough as we should
have been," said San Jose Councilwoman Pat Dando who -- along with former
colleagues Alice Woody and Charlotte Powers -- sat on the committee that
recommended which programs to fund with the first year's allotment of
tobacco-settlement cash. "Any time there is a new program, I think you learn and
get better with each cycle."

The councilwoman said she hopes the investigations will help the chamber get
back on its feet, and added that an audit could show the city how to improve its
grant process.

Councilwoman Cindy Chavez -- who sits on the healthy neighborhoods committee,
but was not on the committee when Tech Q was first funded -- said it would be
unrealistic for the city to try to conduct extensive background checks on all
grant applicants.

"This is a $2 billion organization, and we give away literally millions and
millions and millions of dollars a year trying to improve the quality of life"
in San Jose, she said. "And we rarely have problems. It's our job to be fiscal
managers, and we're doing that."

After the grant was awarded, the black chamber's problems seemed to quicken:

* In February 2001, the city denied funding on a separate Tech Q Community
Development Block Grant request for $679,000. A staff report on the application
said the proposal did not meet the grant criteria and cited the black chamber's
previous management problems submitting reports on time.

* The chamber last paid rent on its East St. John Street offices to the city in
June 2001, and now owes more than $45,000, according to the city redevelopment
agency.

* Last fall, the city received two oral complaints about the chamber, Velasco
said. One alleged that a participant in the incubator program lost his office
space to make room for Innetix. Another was from a former employee who was
concerned that his withholding varied from week to week on his pay stubs. After
checking with the city attorney's office, the city's parks department staff
started to probe the first report, but not the second because the employee had
also contacted state authorities, she said.

Jackson confirmed that Innetix did run out of the chamber for an unspecified
amount of time, but said there was "nothing illegal or improper about it,"
because the black chamber wasn't receiving any city funding at the time. He said
no other businesses were forced to move to make room for Innetix.

* Early this year, the city found information suggesting Innetix was running
from the chamber offices. In spring a meeting was called in Chavez's office to
discuss several problems the black chamber and city officials were having
working together. The idea of conducting a city review of the chamber was
broached, city participants recalled, but the auditor was booked until October.

* In July, a chamber employee sent out a letter of complaint, alleging numerous
instances of fiscal mismanagement, including checks the writer claimed were
improper payments made from Tech Q funds. Soon thereafter, black leaders held a
news conference calling for the non-profit group's board to step down.

Rick Callender, the president of the local chapter of the National Association
for the Advancement of Colored People, held the news conference along with Tommy
Fulcher, head of the non-profit group Economic and Social Opportunities.
Callender says he believes in the Tech Q program, and hopes it continues. But he
questions why the black chamber's board of directors and the city didn't react
sooner.

"How can any board of directors sit down and not do anything with these
complaints?" he asked. "And the city had the full story. So they should have
acted on it ahead of the board . . . In some respects, the negligence sits with
the city."

The city did not drop the ball, said Assistant City Manager Mark Linder. When
the former employee's letter of complaint reached City Hall -- during the
council's July recess -- Linder said he made preliminary inquiries and alerted
the city auditor and the police chief, who had already learned of the claims.

"As soon as we got the anonymous letter, we got on it," Linder said. "But what
the press conference did, in all fairness, was elevate the sense of urgency and
timeliness."

Jackson denied allegations that grant money benefited Innetix and declined to
discuss many specific questions about his involvement in the black chamber.

"I think the city audit is going to show us being clean. We have a fiscal
agent," he said. "I think most people think we just had $839,000 in a bank
account somewhere and were drawing it down. It's not like that."

Interim chamber president and board member Norwita Powell said she believes the
group can recover after restructuring. Tech Q classes, funded with the remaining
grant money, are expected to start up again within the next two weeks.

"We're definitely in the healing process," she said. "We're talking and working
with a lot of people in our community who support what we're doing. And we're
finding people who can come on board, roll up their sleeves and really get
things moving."

Contact Kate Folmar at kfolmar@sjmercury.com or (408) 286-0264.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 20, 2015 Monday

St. Louis Man Sentenced To 10 Years In Prison For Two Bank Robberies

LENGTH: 490  words

DATELINE: Springfield


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Illinois has issued
the following press release:

Altonio G. Graves, 39, of St. Louis, Missouri, was sentenced today in the U.S.
District Court to 10 years in prison on two counts of Conspiracy to Commit Bank
Robbery, two counts of Bank Robbery, and one count of Felon in Possession of a
Firearm in connection with the robbery of Laclede Community Credit Union in
Alton, IL, on February 11, 2013, and the robbery of People's Bank and Trust in
Altamont, IL, on February 26, 2013, Stephen R. Wigginton, United States Attorney
for the Southern District of Illinois announced. Following his prison sentence,
Graves will be on federal supervised release for 3 years. Graves was also
ordered to pay restitution in the amount of $5,684. Graves has been in custody
since February 26, 2013.

Documents filed in U.S. District Court establish that on February 11, 2013,
Graves entered the Laclede Community Credit Union in Alton, Illinois wearing a
long black women's wig, a black hat, and a black trench coat to disguise his
appearance. Graves told the teller he had a gun, handed her a plastic grocery
bag and a note demanding money. The teller placed $5,684 in the bag and Graves
left the credit union with the money. Graves fled the area in a vehicle driven
by his female co-defendant and was not immediately apprehended.

On February 26, 2013, Graves entered the People's Bank and Trust in Altamont,
Illinois wearing a long black women's wig, a dark trench coat and a black hat
with earflaps to disguise his appearance. Graves handed the teller a plastic
grocery bag and a note which stated: "This is a robbery, I have a gun and I will
use it." The teller placed $7,390 in the bag and Graves left the bank with the
money. Graves fled the area in a white Chrysler vehicle being driven by the same
female co-defendant. Illinois State Police officers located the suspect vehicle
on the interstate and attempted a traffic stop. The female driver refused to
stop and fled from the officer in speeds in excess of 120 mph until she lost
control of the vehicle and crashed into a ditch. During a search of Graves and
the vehicle, officers located the $7,390 in United States currency taken from
the bank. Also during the search of the vehicle, officers recovered a loaded .45
caliber semi-automatic pistol behind the glove box. Graves was a previously
convicted felon, having been convicted of the offense of Second Degree Murder in
1998.

The female co-defendant driver, Annalise McGee, 28, of St. Louis, MO, has also
pleaded guilty and is awaiting her sentencing.

The case was investigated by the Alton Police Department, Altamont Police
Department, the Illinois State Police and the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The case was prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Ali Summers

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 27, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Q & A / KRISTEN WHITE, Miss Black USA: She wears crown after runner-up roll

BYLINE: HELENA OLIVIERO; Staff

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 4F

LENGTH: 387 words


Kristen White of Stone Mountain has been a runner-up six times in major state
pageants, including first runner-up twice in Miss Georgia USA.

But earlier this week, White finally had her crowning moment --- this time on a
national stage --- winning the Miss Black USA pageant in Las Vegas.

"I finally heard my name last!" cheered White, shortly after arriving in
Atlanta.

With the $20,000 in scholarship money, the 27-year-old model plans to return to
college and finish a drama degree. She also won a walk-on role in Tyler Perry's
sitcom "House of Payne" and a week-long trip for two to the Bahamas.

While dining at the Pancake House after her flight home, she spoke to the AJC.

Q: Tell us about your Atlanta connections.

A: I grew up in Stone Mountain and graduated from Stone Mountain High School in
1999. I was class president all four years. And I was a cheerleader. I was the
popular kid that wasn't all that popular. My parents were strict and had rules,
and I wasn't the partying kind.

Q: What is the best part about winning?

A: I am really excited about the scholarship money. I left Tennessee State
University to try out for "American Idol" and made it to the quarter finals.
After that, I pursued an acting and singing career. And I really wanted to go
back to college, but didn't have the money to pay for it, so a friend suggested
I go for the pageant. I thought even if I didn't win, I would get enough money
to cover my books. So here I am at 27, going back to school.

Q: Are you single?

A: Yes, very single. My nephew jokes, "Why are you always by yourself?" That's
pretty sad when your 3-year-old nephew notices how single you are.

Q: What do you love about Atlanta?

A: I am a huge sports fan and love that we've got it all --- baseball, hockey,
basketball, football. I am a big karaoke fan, and I love to completely embarrass
myself. I love running in Piedmont Park. I love hot yoga at Urban Body Fitness.
And I love Tavern at Phipps --- perfect for me and my girlfriends for a girls'
night out.

Q: How was your experience with Miss Black USA different from the Miss USA
pageant?

A: They are both great. . . . But being an African-American woman, there was an
appreciation and a celebration of my roots and where I come from. There's
nothing like being celebrated by people who can also identify with you. It's
very cool.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: RENEE' HANNANS HENRY / rhenry@ajc.comKristen White finds a spot
for her new crown in her home after winning the Miss Black USA pageant this week
in Las Vegas./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              537 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 2, 2007 Wednesday
                                  Main Edition

BLACK FAMILY CHANNEL: Gospel assumes place on cable dial

BYLINE: SCOTT LEITH; Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 455 words


Black Family Channel is out --- and Gospel Music Channel is in --- on cable
systems in several major TV markets, including New York and Los Angeles.

The two cable networks, both of which are based in Atlanta, announced a deal
Tuesday that replaces Black Family Channel with Gospel throughout the country.

The switch gives Gospel broader exposure and should make the fledgling network
more attractive to advertisers. BFC, meanwhile, will remake itself as an
online-only service, and the network's investors will hold a stake in Gospel.

Financial terms weren't disclosed.

"It's a win for the Black Family Channel, and it's surely, surely, a win for the
Gospel Music Channel," said BFC Chairman Willie Gary.

In taking over BFC's cable distribution, Gospel gains access to a number of
important markets --- New York and L.A., plus Philadelphia, Boston, San
Francisco, Houston, Dallas, Miami, Minneapolis, Denver and many others. The
changeover happened at 1 a.m. Tuesday.

In a few markets, BFC and Gospel both had a cable presence, including Atlanta.
Gospel will appear on two channels in those locations until a single slot is
selected.

Cable operators onboard

A number of cable operators --- Comcast and Time Warner Cable among them ---
signed off on the changes.

Black Family Channel was created in 1999 and was first known as Major
Broadcasting Corp., or MBC Network. The network was founded by Gary, a
well-known Florida attorney. His fellow investors included boxing great Evander
Holyfield and retired baseball player Cecil Fielder.

BFC was launched with the goal of providing family-friendly entertainment, but
it didn't fare well financially.

"We have not made money," Gary said. "Absolutely not."

Gospel Music Channel launched in 2004 and has been gaining some traction.
Charley Humbard, the network's founder and president, said Gospel expects to
have 20 million subscribers by the end of the year, helped by the BFC agreement.

"It really opens up the opportunity for a whole new set of advertisers," Humbard
said. "It greatly accelerates the time when we'll turn profitable."

Profits projected

Gospel expects to make money by late 2008 or early 2009, Humbard said.

The BFC agreement was largely brokered by Gospel's majority owner, InterMedia
Advisors of New York.

Gary said he will throw his backing behind Gospel Music Channel. The network
reaches a more diverse audience than BFC, but African-Americans are still a key
part of the viewership. Humbard said about 40 percent of those who watch Gospel
Music Channel are black.

Humbard said Gospel has about 50 staffers. Some BFC workers could be hired, and
Gospel might use some programming from the network.

Gary said BFC has had 40 to 50 workers. Some could work on BFC's Web site, he
said.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Chairman Willie Gary says Black Family Channel never made money.
/ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              538 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 10, 1982, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Sports of the Times;
Looking Back at Satchel

BYLINE: DAVE ANDERSON

SECTION: Section D; Page 20, Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 963 words


SATCHEL PAIGE can look back now. Nothing is gaining on him anymore. Everybody in
baseball also can look back now that Satchel Paige has died at age 75, give or
take a year or two. Or a laugh or two. And everybody in baseball should look
back. Especially those black players, such as Reggie Jackson, Dave Winfield and
George Foster, who are making so much more money in one season, if not in a
month or two, than Satchel Paige ever made in his lifetime. Or dreamed of
making.

Jackie Robinson was baseball's first black big leaguer in 1947 but more than a
decade earlier, Satchel Paige, Josh Gibson and many others in the old black
leagues had created an untapped diamond mine of talent that Branch Rickey, then
the owner of the Brooklyn Dodgers, could no longer ignore. And one by one, the
other clubs had to sign black players if they were to challenge teams that had
them.

In the process, Bill Veeck, then operating the Cleveland Indians, even signed
Satchel Paige in 1948 when the skinny right-hander was believed to be 42 years
old.

During his major-league career with the Indians, the St. Louis Browns and,
briefly at age 59 with the Kansas City A's late in the 1965 season, Satchel
Paige won 28 games, mostly as a relief pitcher.  But back when he had to
barnstorm with black teams, he was reputed to have started more games than that
in one month, 29. He might have won all 29, too.

But none of those black teams in those years had a statistician.  The players
got a few dollars, hunched into their dusty cars and hurried to the next town
for the next game. Often they had to sleep in those cars because the local hotel
wouldn't accept them.

Two games in two different towns on a Sunday weren't unusual. Most of the time,
Satchel Paige started both games. He had to; he was the attraction. That's why
he got the big money. After all, in 1926 he was making $250 with the Chattanooga
Black Lookouts; that's $250 a month. As he wasted his best years in the bushes,
he was privately bitter. And he had a right to be. Joe DiMaggio once called him
''the best'' and ''the fastest'' pitcher he had ever seen. But at the time Joe
DiMaggio was talking about having batted against him on a barnstorming tour, not
in the big leagues.

''The players what were in the big leagues then,'' Satchel Paige once said of
that era, ''it weren't no sweat for me to get them out.''

But to the end, Satchel Paige had too much dignity to complain loudly about
never being in the big leagues when he deserved to be.  Or even complain about
never making the money he deserved.

''You never miss nothin' you never had,'' he said during the 1976 American
League championship series. ''I never had no money.'' That day he was sitting
with his wife, Lahoma, in the dining room at Royals Stadium in Kansas City after
Catfish Hunter had pitched a 4-1 five-hitter for the Yankees in the opener.
Catfish Hunter, of course, had been the first baseball player to sign a
million-dollar contract, but when Leroy Robert (Satchel) Paige was asked about
the Yankee right-hander's contract, he didn't sound envious.

''I wouldn't know how to count that,'' he said. ''Banks didn't have that much
when I was young, much less one man makin' that much.'' By then he had been
elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame and he wore his ring proudly. But as a folk
hero and a folk philosopher, he enjoyed maintaining the mystery of his age. That
day in Kansas City, perhaps in a moment of forgetfulness, he disclosed that he
had been collecting Social Security since 1971.

''But if you took it at 65,'' he was reminded, ''you must be 70 now.'' ''I ain't
sayin' nothin','' he said, his eyes twinkling behind dark horn-rimmed glasses.
''Whatever you say is all right with me. Lot of people dispute me but they can't
pinpoint me. My mother told me, 'If you tell a lie, always rehearse it. If it
don't sound good to you, it won't sound good to anybody else.' ''

In the Baseball Enyclopedia, his birth date is listed as July 7, 1906 in Mobile,
Ala.  ''I didn't know this,'' he said that day in Kansas City where he lived,
''but my birth certificate was in our Bible. In those days you put everything
like that in the Bible. What happened was my grandfather was reading the Bible
under a chinaberry tree.''

''Under a what?'' ''You ain't never heard of a chinaberry tree,'' Satchel Paige
said. ''I guess they're only in Alabama.'' ''If you were called into court for
your date of birth,'' he was asked, ''what would you tell the judge?'' ''I'd
tell him how the goat ate it.'' ''How the goat ate what?'' he was asked.  ''How
the goat ate the Bible with my birth certificate in it. My grandfather got up
from the chair to talk to the lady next door and he forgot about the Bible and
the goat ate the Bible with the birth certificate in it.''

''Remember how the Browns listed five different birth dates for you?'' ''I got
plus on a few cards,'' he said. ''On my driver's license, it reads 70 plus. I
got a ticket the other day and the cop asked me, 'How old are you?' and I
laughed. He said, 'You one of those smart guys?' I thought the cop was kidding
me because my name was on the license. I told him, 'I been around a long time'
and he said, 'You ain't been around long enough to know you don't get smart with
the police.' I got the ticket.''

''Were you speeding?'' ''No,'' said Satchel Paige with a smile, ''but I was
fixin' to.'' ''How did the cop know that?'' ''My tires were spinnin','' he said.
''I was gettin' off fast.'' ''Did you tell your wife how old you were when you
got married in 1947?'' ''Yeah, but she forgot.'' ''Will anyone ever know?''
''Never,'' he said. ''I want to be the onliest man in the United States that
nobody knows nothin' about.'' But being the onliest Satchel Paige is all that
mattered.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: photo of Satchel Paige

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              539 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                March 7, 1996, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

STATE EXPERT BACKS MAGNET PROGRAM; SPECIAL SCHOOLS ARE NEEDED, HE TELLS COURT

BYLINE: Tim Bryant Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 716 words


A school desegregation expert for the state, which wants to phase out funding
for the program here, said Wednesday that ending a major part of the program -
magnet schools - would be a mistake.

At a hearing in federal court, an attorney for the original plaintiffs in the
24-year-old case asked the expert, David Armor, whether shutting down magnet
schools and ending city-to-suburban student transfers would produce a generation
of poorly educated blacks.

Armor replied that the St. Louis public school system should not abandon the
magnet schools, whose specialized curriculums are designed to attract black and
white, city and suburban students.

"If the district stopped all magnet programs, that would be unfortunate," he
said.

In nearly a full day of testimony, Armor said that the city's public school
officials have wiped out vestiges of desegregation in the way they put money
into and assign staff to integrated, magnet and all-black schools.

Armor, a part-time faculty member at George Mason University near Washington,
faced sharp questioning from William L. Taylor, an NAACP lawyer who represents
plaintiffs in the case here. U.S. District Judge George F. Gunn Jr. is presiding
over the hearing to determine the future of school desegregation here.

Taylor challenged Armor's assertion that black students' improved scores on
standardized tests are more a result of the improved economic status of black
families than school desegregation. Taylor contended that judges in
desegregation cases in other cities have found flaws in Armor's findings.

"I'm not saying that everything I've said before a court has been accepted,"
Armor said.

Opponents of Attorney General Jay Nixon's proposal to phase out state spending
for school desegregation here have made an issue of the money the state has paid
its consultants. One, Christine Rossell, a political science professor at Boston
University, has been paid $ 89,000 since September 1994. Armor earned about $
50,000 in consulting fees between November 1994 and last November, a state
official said.

Under questioning by Taylor, Armor said that the $ 100,000 he earned from his
consulting work here and elsewhere in 1994 was the bulk of his income.

In nearly a full day of testimony, Armor said Wednesday that the city's public
school system has wiped out vestiges of segregation in the way it supports
schools.

"There is no pattern of discrimination," he said. "If anything, the
non-integrated schools fare better than integrated schools."

In general, all-black city schools get more experienced teachers and have a
lower teacher-student ratio, Armor said.

Standardized test scores show little difference between blacks who transfer to
mostly white schools in St. Louis County and those who stay in city schools,
Armor said.

Taylor pointed out that one study showed markedly better scores for 10th-grade
city blacks in county schools. Armor replied that the study showed little
differences in the other three high school grades.

"The transfer students aren't doing better, even though they are going to an
affluent school," he said.

Armor also said that studies in Hartford, Conn., Wilmington, Del., and Dallas
support his position that income, education of adults and other socio-economic
factors involving black families have a greater effect on black students' test
scores than desegregation programs.

The hearing before Gunn is expected to last three weeks. He could rule in a few
months on Nixon's request to phase out state desegregation spending here.

Nixon has said that $ 1.4 billion in state money spent here since 1981 is
enough. The state money has helped city schools set up magnet programs and
renovate schools. The state also pays for the voluntary program in which nearly
13,000 black city students attend white-majority schools in St. Louis County.

Under Nixon's plan, most state desegregation money here would stop flowing after
three years. The state would keep paying for city-to-county student transfers
until after pupils in the program now complete all grades at schools they now
attend.

Whether Gunn approves Nixon's plan or orders the parties to compromise, any
decision in the desegregation case, which began in 1972, could restructure
schools in the city and county.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              540 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      The Wilmot Enterprise (South Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 29, 2015

Deadline nears for governors programs

BYLINE: The Wilmot Enterprise staff

LENGTH: 314  words


PIERRE, S.D. - Potential applicants are reminded that the deadline for entries
to the 2015 Governor's Giant Vision Business Competition is Friday, Feb. 13 and
Student Competition entries are due Friday, Feb. 20. Complete details are on the
website www.southdakotagiantvision.com.

The Governor's Giant Vision event is hosted by the South Dakota Chamber of
Commerce and Industry and offers significant prize money. The first place
Business Competition winner will be awarded $20,000. The first place Student
Competition offers first place prize money of $5,000.

Those entering will submit a business plan through the website
(www.southdakotagiantvision.com). The competition is open to all South Dakotans
with new ideas that they believe would benefit from the review and analysis
process of the competition. The focus of this program is on the business plan or
business model and is not limited to technology entries.

In addition to cash awards, the competition will bring people with new business
ideas together with judges and other invited guests who have business
development experience and those who have the capacity to make venture
investments.

Sponsors for Giant Vision are Governor Dennis Daugaard,; Black Hills
Corporation/Black Hills Power, Rapid City; Christiansen Land & Cattle Ltd.,
Kimball; Dacotah Banks, Aberdeen; Daktronics, Inc., Brookings; MidAmerican
Energy, South Dakota; Toshiba America, Mitchell; US Bank, Sioux Falls, Aberdeen
and Rapid City; Wheeler Manufacturing, Lemmon; and Xcel Energy, Sioux Falls. The
Student Competition sponsors are Governor Dennis Daugaard; Citibank, N.A. of
Sioux Falls; and South Dakota EPSCoR, Brookings.

The final competition and awards event will be held Wedsday, April 15, 2015, in
conjunction with the Governor's Office of Economic Development (GOED) annual
conference which will be held at the Sanford Research Facility in Sioux Falls.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WIL

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2015 The Wilmot Enterprise


                              541 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                     August 4, 2005 Thursday CITY-D EDITION

Funds for the Black Horse Inn;
Federal money has been allocated to repair the inn and to improve part of
Bethlehem Pike.

BYLINE: By Bonnie L. Cook; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 269 words


Efforts to restore the historic Black Horse Inn and improve a section of
Bethlehem Pike in Springfield Township are getting underway in earnest.

It will be announced today that $150,000 in federal funds has been appropriated
to restore the 18th-century inn, and $800,000 more in federal funding has been
allocated to spruce up a section of Bethlehem Pike where the inn is located,
according to figures provided by an aide to U.S. Rep. Allyson Y. Schwartz, (D.,
Pa.) .

The staffer said the $150,000 grant will have to be matched by local
fund-raising efforts, from the public, corporations, foundations and government
bodies at the township, state and federal level.

The funds mark the first sizable sum of money to flow to the Black Horse
project. The inn, where stagecoach riders once rested on their travels, was
built around 1774 and needs an overall $1.5 million facelift.

"Everyone involved is both heartened and energized by the news," said James
Mascaro, chairman of the township's Black Horse Inn Advisory Committee, which is
monitoring the restoration project.

The money is from the federal Save America's Treasures program.

The project will be carried out during the next three years. It includes
rebuilding the chimneys, windows and roof this year, and tackling the interior
next summer.

Once restored, the Black Horse will become the central part of a larger project
to make Bethlehem Pike between Valley Green Road and Gordon Lane an appealing
pedestrian shopping district, township plans show.

Contact staff writer Bonnie L. Cook at 610-313-8232 or bcook@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 30, 1984, Friday, Final Edition

Drug-Money Laundering Described;
Witness Tells Commission How Easily He Accomplished It

BYLINE: By Loretta Tofani, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; F1

LENGTH: 524 words


Wearing black robes, a black face mask and black pointed hat, an unidentified
witness yesterday described to the President's Commission on Organized Crime how
easily he laundered $250 million from Colombian cocaine trafficking and the
Colombian black market through U.S. financial institutions.

The witness, who was disguised because he said he feared for his family in
Colombia, was one of six men who testified yesterday in the third and final day
of the commission's hearings here this week on cocaine trafficking.

The Spanish-speaking witness testified through an interpreter that he carried
the cash in suitcases from Bogota into the United States, then used the
Deak-Perera currency exchange in New York and the Great American Bank of Dade
County in Miami for his transactions. The witness did not say when the
transactions occurred, but an Internal Revenue Service agent testified they took
place in 1978.

At each step along the way, the witness testified, he easily avoided problems.

When U.S. customs agents saw the vast amount of money in his suitcases, they
offered him a police escort to a bank, he said.

At Deak-Perera, he identified himself as a Panamanian businessman in the
currency-exchange business. He testified that the tellers took his money, even
though the medium of exchange in Panama is U.S. dollars.

During one brief period, he said, he established five accounts, one under a
fictitious name and the rest under the names of his partners, who also were
laundering money. The witness testified that he told the tellers at Deak-Perera
that one name was fictitious. "I just told them that I needed an account under a
fictitious name in order to operate," he said.

Finally, the witness said, he deposited between $9,000 and $10,000 in each of
the accounts to skirt the federal Bank Security Act law, which requires that
deposits over $10,000 be recorded by banks. The tellers, he said, did not
question his actions.

Afterward, the witness said he paid his partners' bills in the United States and
sold dollars to Colombian businessmen for pesos.

The Treasury Department has advised Deak-Perera that it may be assessed a
$572,000 civil penalty for not turning in the required forms in connection with
a case similar to the witness', according to a commission report. It could not
be determined whether violations also would be assessed in the witness' case.

Before his testimony, Nicholas Deak, chairman of Deak-Perera, was asked by
commission members whether his tellers had been issued guidelines to help them
identify cocaine traffickers and then refuse their money.

Deak said they had not. "The tellers have little choice when someone comes in
and wants to deposit money," Deak testified. "They can't refuse it just because
they don't like the face of the customer. The tellers have no way of knowing who
is an honest or dishonest man."

Deak said the tellers were instructed to take the money and report it to the
company's legal department, depending on the amount of the transaction. The
lawyers then would decide whether the deposit should be reported to government
officials, Deak testified.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1984 The Washington Post


                              543 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     May 31, 1995, Wednesday, DAILY EDITION

Black Swan gets 3.2M Goldbelt shares

BYLINE: John Schreiner

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: Vancouver, B.C.


Vancouver junior, Black Swan Gold Mines Ltd. has been awarded 3.2 million shares
of Goldbelt Resources Ltd., also of Vancouver, in a B.C. Supreme Court decision
arising from a dispute over a gold property in Kazakhstan.

The shares are worth about $2.2 million and represent 12% of Goldbelt's
currently outstanding shares. If the shares are issued - Goldbelt intends to
appeal - the injection could revive Black Swan (BSW/TSE) whose shares have had a
52-week range of 27 cents to 12 cents and closed yesterday at 15 cents.

Goldbelt (GDB/VSE) has had a 52-week range of $1.60 to 50 cents and closed
yesterday at 70 cents.

Goldbelt has a 25% interest in a Kazakhstan tailings deposit that contains 2.4
million oz. of gold. The Kazgold project, as it is called, is being developed
under a joint venture with Pegasus Gold Inc. of Spokane, Wash., which also has a
25% interest. The remaining 50% is owned by the Kazakhstan government.

Goldbelt announced yesterday that it had acquired a 60% interest in two other
gold-bearing mineral properties in Kazakhstan.

Goldbelt will move its head office to Denver this summer, closing its Vancouver
office and the London office where president Paul Morgan had been based.

Black Swan introduced Goldbelt to exploration opportunities in Kazakhstan late
in 1991 when Black Swan was representing two Australians including Morgan, who
needed to raise money to develop the Kazakhstan property.

While confidentiality agreements were signed between Black Swan and Goldbelt,
the latter began dealing directly with the Australians when Black Swan could not
raise the money. The ensuing dispute was settled by an agreement early in 1992
in which Black Swan received $308,000 and 1.2 million Goldbelt shares, then
about 5% of the shares.

Black Swan argued successfully in court that the agreement required Goldbelt to
keep Black Swan's interest at the 5% level, fully diluted, if more shares were
issued to raise funds. Black Swan contended that this clause was triggered last
July after Goldbelt negotiated a deal with Pegasus.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1995 Financial Post Ltd.


                              544 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 1, 2005, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Black groups hesitant about Bush proposal

BYLINE: Jill Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 1460 words

DATELINE: LARGO, Md.

LARGO, Md. -- A mostly black audience burst into applause here last month when
Ken Mehlman, in his first appearance as Republican Party chairman, said "every
single American will be able to save and build and own and pass along an asset
to their children" under President Bush's proposal to make private investment
accounts part of Social Security.

But at a mall in nearby Hyattsville, more than a dozen interviews with blacks
yielded only one person who said he might like to try Bush's idea. The rest
wondered why Bush wants to inject risk into a program they think works well.

"People would be taking chances with their money," said Rebecca McGraw, 60, a
part-time sales assistant from Mount Rainier. "Why mess with something that's
already perfect the way it is?"


As the GOP launches a four-year drive to build on gains last year among black
voters, the administration is betting private accounts will hold special appeal
to them. The reasons include two unfortunate facts of life: Black people on
average earn less than white people, and they die younger.

Bush is among many conservatives, black and white, ranging from the libertarian
Cato Institute to Maryland's African-American lieutenant governor, who argue
that Social Security is therefore unfair to blacks and they could do better with
private accounts. Low-income earners could reap the rewards of the market,
conservatives say. And people who died early would have a nest egg for their
families.

Opponents of Bush's plan, including the NAACP and the Congressional Black
Caucus, counter that blacks do well under the program. Blacks on average make
less money than whites. People with low incomes get back a higher percentage of
their wages than those at the high end. Survivor benefits ensure that widows and
minor children have income after the premature death of a worker or retiree.

There's no argument about the central role Social Security plays in the black
community. It's the only source of income for four in 10 black retirees, twice
as many as whites, and it's viewed broadly as a lifeline. To draw more black
support, Bush will have to overcome widespread unease about trading the
certainty of the current system for the potential risks and rewards of private
accounts.

So far, key black groups are rejecting the administration's case. "We're not
opposed to private accounts," says Hilary Shelton, director of the NAACP's
Washington office. "We just don't see private accounts as a replacement for the
Social Security net."

The Joint Center for Political and Economic Studies, a think tank on issues
affecting blacks, is sounding cautions. Four in five African-Americans would
oppose private accounts if they would "weaken the current system or result in
reduced benefits," the group's president, Togo West, says on its website,
referring to a poll it did with AARP, which is fighting Bush's plan. The center
is sponsoring a forum today to explore "concerns within the black community"
about proposed changes.

Challenges facing Bush

Bush would let younger workers invest up to 4% of their first $90,000 of income
in tightly controlled private accounts. In exchange, they would agree to a lower
guaranteed benefit on retirement. Phasing in the accounts could cost up to $2
trillion.

Independent polling in the black community is sparse but suggests the size of
Bush's challenge. In January, the non-partisan Pew Research Center asked 163
blacks whether it was more important to keep Social Security as a guaranteed
monthly benefit based on earnings, or let younger workers decide how to invest
some of their money in the stock market. Respondents chose the guaranteed
benefit, 78%-17%.

Another hurdle for Bush is black opposition to his presidency. His share of the
black vote rose from 2000 to 2004, but only from 8% to 11%. "There's a
significant degree of mistrust of the people who are pushing this," says David
Bositis, a senior fellow at the Joint Center.

Bill Beach, director of the Center for Data Analysis at the conservative
Heritage Foundation, says Bush could expand black support for his plan by
building in financial safeguards and local involvement. Heritage, he says, is
"arguing very strongly that these personal retirement accounts be mutual funds
administered by the federal government or a certified third party, an AME
(African Methodist Episcopal) church or some local organization that you trust."


John Bryant, founder and CEO of Operation Hope, a financial literacy
organization based in Los Angeles, visited the White House this year with other
black leaders. He offered several steps he said could increase black support for
the accounts: keep a guaranteed benefit, finance private accounts by raising the
amount of income subject to the payroll tax (from $90,000 to $150,000), make
private accounts mandatory so poor people will participate, and couple the
accounts with a "massive" drive to improve financial literacy.

The private accounts program "doesn't look like it's designed for the average
person in black America," Bryant said. People need to hear, "Here's how it
applies to you."

Bush has decried the stereotype that "only a certain group of people at a
certain income can manage an account." He also has said, "African-American males
die sooner than other males do, which means the system is inherently unfair to a
certain group of people. And that needs to be fixed."

Blacks do live shorter lives than whites, so on average they receive monthly
benefits for less time, if at all. But they receive a greater share of other
benefits. For instance, 22% of children getting survivor benefits are black,
though black children make up 15% of U.S. children.

And for blacks at the lower end of the income scale, Social Security replaces a
higher percentage of their earnings. A person who earned $20,695 in 2003 and
retired at 65 in 2004 would receive annual benefits of $13,331, according to the
Social Security Administration. A 65-year-old who made $87,000 would receive
$21,905.

Eugene Steuerle, a Social Security analyst with the Urban Institute, says his
studies show a wash: The higher income replacement rate for low-wage workers and
the money blacks lose by dying relatively young "roughly offset each other."

Nest egg or gamble?

Prince George's County, a suburb of Washington, is 63% black and has the highest
median income for black households of any county over 100,000. Maryland Lt. Gov.
Michael Steele said the county's newly affluent residents are becoming
interested in issues that "transcend what we traditionally associate with
African-Americans," such as affirmative action. One of them is Social Security.

Heads nodded in Mehlman's audience of 200 as he called private accounts "the key
to the American dream" for low-income workers: "If you can't save money, if you
can't build wealth, if you're living paycheck to paycheck, for the first time
ever, you're going to have a nest egg."

But Mehlman seemed to realize he was preaching to a small number of converted.
He repeatedly urged them to talk to friends and relatives about Social Security
and GOP approaches to other issues.

Rep. Albert Wynn, D-Md., who represents a ring of majority-black communities in
Prince George's County, says feedback to his office is running 3-1 against
Bush's plan.

If Republicans are truly concerned about blacks' shorter lives, he said, they
ought to improve their access to health care. "They have not," he said. "Any
suggestion that they are concerned about the welfare of the African-American
community is just totally false. And black people know it."

In Hyattsville, many people said they would not gamble their money on Bush's
plan. Some said they know Social Security needs changes to stay solvent, but
Bush is on the wrong track.

"There's other ways to fix the Social Security program," said Robert Richardson,
53, a disabled veteran from Hyattsville. "The market can change too much. What
if there's a crash? We don't know what's going to happen 50 years from now."

Cynthia Kirk, 42, a freelance writer from Silver Spring, called Bush's plan
"another way for Republicans to take responsibility away from the government and
make it easier on business." She said the borrowing needed to set it up "sounds
crazy" and most young people would not know how to make good decisions. "The
stock market to me is complicated. A lot of older people don't even understand
about investing," Kirk said.

Alfred Watson, 31, a New York-based sales representative for ADT alarm systems,
hadn't heard much about Bush's plan. But he is typical of younger workers, who
are relatively receptive to change.

"I'd probably do it," he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 01, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mark Wilson, Getty Images; GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA
TODAY, Sources: Census Bureau and National Center for Health Statistics (BAR
GRAPH); Administration makes appeal to black community: President Bush meets
with African-American leaders and pastors Jan. 25 at the Eisenhower Executive
Office Building in Washington.<>Social Security in black and white (graphic)

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              545 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                          September 22, 1999 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Mortgage lender, black colleges invest in better minority credit

BYLINE: By JANELLE CARTER Associated Press

SECTION: INSIDE FRONT; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 596 words


WASHINGTON - Nearly twice as many blacks as whites have bad credit, mortgage
lender Freddie Mac said Tuesday as it began an initiative with several black
colleges to get teen-agers and young adults started on a better track.

"This initiative furthers our mission to help make the American dream of decent
accessible housing a reality," said Freddie Mac Chairman and CEO Leland C.
Brendsel.

"Increasing the pool of qualified minority homebuyers will play an important
role in future expansion of the home mortgage industry," Brendsel said. "This
initiative is not only good for our nation, but makes good business sense."

The findings are the results of a survey Freddie Mac launched nine months ago
with the help of five historically black colleges and universities - Benedict
College in Columbia, S.C.; Clark Atlanta University in Atlanta; Florida A&M
University in Tallahassee, Fla.; Howard University in Washington; and Saint
Augustine's College in Raleigh, N.C.

Among all respondents, 30 percent had bad credit records. About 47 percent of
blacks and 34 percent of Hispanics had bad credit. Among whites surveyed, 27
percent had bad credit.

Bad credit refers to consumers who have been either 90 days late on a payment in
the last two years or 30 days late on a payment more than once in the last two
years or have a record of delinquent liens, public records or bankruptcy.

The study found that while bad credit crosses racial and economic lines, it is
pervasive among blacks.

Among people with incomes under $25,000, 48 percent of black borrowers had bad
credit, while 31 percent of white borrowers had bad credit. In the $65,000 to
$75,000 income bracket, 34 percent of blacks had bad credit, compared with 20
percent of whites.

"It's not just simply a poor person without money trying to get what they see as
the American dream. It's one who has met the American dream but cannot manage
money," said Arthur Washington, dean of the College of Arts and Sciences at
Florida A&M University.

Officials are analyzing the results to develop an initiative, which will include
some college courses, to help consumers obtain and maintain good credit. The
National Urban League and the NAACP have agreed to help implement the program.

Of particular concern are college students, who are often bombarded with credit
card offers after enrolling in school.

"The whole notion of developing a curriculum that can be taught would aid in
that regard, would arm them as to what to do when you receive a credit card that
says you have a $500 limit and you didn't even apply," said Barron H. Harvey,
dean of the School of Business at Howard University. Harvey said Howard would
likely have such a curriculum in place next year. Other schools have similar
plans under way.

At 18 years old, Jackie Blandon, who is Hispanic, is the type of student the
program aims to help. She has managed to get six credit cards since entering the
University of Maryland last year.

"I'm looking for another job just to help pay them off," Blandon said. "I never
apply for one. They always send it to me ... It takes forever to pay it off.
It's like no spending money whatsoeve."

Freddie Mac, which has given $2 million to the effort so far, began it amid
statistics that show that 46 percent of blacks own homes, compared with 72
percent of whites. Poor credit is often cited as one of the leading factors in
rejection of mortgage applications.

The 12,000 respondents to the survey were between the ages of 20 and 40 and with
incomes of up to $75,000. The margin of error for the survey is plus or minus 1
percentage point.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 The Durham Herald Co.


                              546 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 27, 2008 Friday
                                  Main Edition

IN NEIGHBORING COUNTIES: Q & A / KRISTEN WHITE, Miss Black USA;
Seven's the lucky number as local finally gets crown

BYLINE: HELENA OLIVIERO; Staff

SECTION: GWINNETT NEWS; Pg. 2J

LENGTH: 387 words


Kristen White of Stone Mountain has been a runner-up six times in major state
pageants, including first runner-up twice in Miss Georgia USA.

But earlier this week, White finally had her crowning moment --- this time on a
national stage --- winning the Miss Black USA pageant in Las Vegas.

"I finally heard my name last!" cheered White, shortly after arriving in
Atlanta.

With the $20,000 in scholarship money, the 27-year-old model plans to return to
college and finish a drama degree. She also won a walk-on role in Tyler Perry's
sitcom "House of Payne" and a week-long trip for two to the Bahamas.

While dining at the Pancake House after her flight home, she spoke to the AJC.

Q: Tell us about your Atlanta connections.

A: I grew up in Stone Mountain and graduated from Stone Mountain High School in
1999. I was class president all four years. And I was a cheerleader. I was the
popular kid that wasn't all that popular. My parents were strict and had rules,
and I wasn't the partying kind.

Q: What is the best part about winning?

A: I am really excited about the scholarship money. I left Tennessee State
University to try out for "American Idol" and made it to the quarterfinals.
After that, I pursued an acting and singing career. And I really wanted to go
back to college, but didn't have the money to pay for it, so a friend suggested
I go for the pageant. I thought even if I didn't win, I would get enough money
to cover my books. So here I am at 27, going back to school.

Q: Are you single?

A: Yes, very single. My nephew jokes, "Why are you always by yourself?" That's
pretty sad when your 3-year-old nephew notices how single you are.

Q: What do you love about Atlanta?

A: I am a huge sports fan and love that we've got it all --- baseball, hockey,
basketball, football. I am a big karaoke fan, and I love to completely embarrass
myself. I love running in Piedmont Park. I love hot yoga at Urban Body Fitness.
And I love Tavern at Phipps --- perfect for me and my girlfriends for a girls'
night out.

Q: How was your experience with Miss Black USA different from the Miss USA
pageant?

A: They are both great. . . . But being an African-American woman, there was an
appreciation and a celebration of my roots and where I come from. There's
nothing like being celebrated by people who can also identify with you. It's
very cool.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: RENEE HANNANS HENRY / rhenry@ajc.comKristen White finds a spot
for her new crown in her home after winning the Miss Black USA pageant this week
in Las Vegas./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              547 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             September 26, 2003 Friday Five Star Late Lift Edition

FOOTBALL IS JUST PART OF THE EXPERIENCE

BYLINE: Glenn Kasses Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 413 words


The slogan "it's more than just a football game" has been attached to the
Gateway Classic, set to be played on Saturday at the Edward Jones Dome.

While that certainly is true - the game brings thousands of people into the city
for the weekend and the events surrounding the game pour money into a college
scholarship fund for local youth - the motto applies just as readily to Kentucky
State and Arkansas-Pine Bluff, this weekend's participating schools.

While the game ought to be an exciting one - both teams play a wide-open
offensive style - the benefit for the programs and the universities as a whole
far outweigh the entertainment that should arise from four quarters on the
field.

"The impact is huge," Arkansas-Pine Bluff athletics director Craig Curry said.
"You just expose all of the benefits of the teams that are participating,
athletically - but I think most importantly - academically and institutionally."

The game also has become an important way for both schools to maintain ties with
their alumni. Both Arkansas-Pine Bluff and Kentucky State have large alumni
clubs in the area, and for those who are unable to make it to a home game on
campus, this weekend provides a chance to reconnect with their alma mater.

"For us, it's like a second homecoming," Kentucky State athletics director
Derrick Ramsey said. "The alumni group here in St. Louis is . . . incredible."

Earl Wilson Jr., president of the St. Louis Gateway Classic Sports Foundation,
which organizes the game and the weekend events, said having the game here has a
number of benefits.

First and foremost is the money that Wilson and his foundation raise for youths
and the community. He estimated that the game has had a $3.5 million impact in
its 10 years, with a big chunk of that money going to college scholarships for
St. Louisans.

But Wilson also points out that the Gateway Classic helps bring the tradition of
black college football to St. Louis.

"In the South, you have black college football everywhere. We don't have black
college football up north," said Wilson, who pointed out that the lack of local
recognition of black college football has been a hurdle for the Classic. "We
don't have any historical black colleges here, but it takes time to build and
get people to get involved."

After a variety of events leading up to the game, the players take center stage
on Saturday.

"It's a special week," Curry said, "and for them it's almost like a bowl game."

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: GATEWAY CLASSIC; Reporter Glenn Kasses; E-mail:
gkasses@post-dispatch.com; Phone: 314-340-8205

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              548 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                            June 22, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Shackled to the almighty dollar

BYLINE: JOHN MCCANN Columnist

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 589  words


Don't get me wrong. If Uncle Sam's gonna hand out checks because I'm black, just
because I'm a descendant of slaves, then I'll gladly extend my palm.

But as far as marching and protesting to demand reparations, I think I'm better
off putting my hand to the plow and getting one of those paychecks of the
40-hour variety.

"Juneteenth" celebrations across the country this past weekend commemorated the
140-year anniversary of the date (June 19) when black folks in Galveston, Texas,
found out that slavery was over. The only problem was that slavery had been
abolished two years earlier.

Had I been one of those slaves, don't think for a minute that I'd have raised
sand about the added time on the plantation. I'd have been so happy just to get
away from ol' massa that those extra 24 months wouldn't have made a difference
then.

Now, if that comment seems flippant and makes you mad, you prove why reparations
won't work. Because you demonstrate that it's not about equity but instead has
more to do with getting your pound of flesh, an insatiable desire.

True, the trickle-down effect of slavery has affected black students' academic
and social performance, but mainly for those whose angry parents live in the
past and provide excuses for mediocrity and failure.

Slavery was wicked. But reparations would only amount to another form of it,
shackling today's white folks with a ton of guilt for something they had nothing
to do with.

Wachovia Corp., the Charlotte banking giant, admitted this month to having
company ties to slavery. So America's fourth-largest bank offered an unspecified
amount of money to pay for programs about black history.

Whoopee-do. Not that black-history programs aren't important. But the money for
Wachovia's public-relations campaign would be better spent covering closing
costs for potential homebuyers -- black or white.

Yes, white folks need breaks, too. Unless we're saying that white people who
aren't wealthy failed to capitalize on slavery when they had the chance.

Don't think I'm speaking as some rich Uncle Tom. My wife had us riding around
Sunday looking at houses in Hillsborough. The one she liked is nothing I can
afford. A big reparations check could make her dreams come true.

But what about my black peers who already own $300,000 homes? Would they be any
less deserving of reparations?

And does Pookie the crackhead -- just because he's black -- deserve a check?
Even though he's gonna give what his slave ancestors sweated and bled for to the
dope man?

Would there be spending rules and financial counseling? Or do we run the risk of
blowing the opportunity to accumulate the sort of old money all white folks
supposedly have and ending up like the former M.C. Hammer?

See, the thing with reparations is there's no end to it. Enough would never be
enough. Not enough money, not enough time to offset 400 years of slavery -- you
name it.

A prime example is African debt relief. The U.S. has offered to look the other
way on many billions of dollars. Yet a group of black pastors is urging
President Bush to do more.

But please tell me where the money's going to come from to look after black
folks in both Africa and America. I thought we were trying to stop black-on-
black violence, not promote it.

Or maybe the clever white man is using reparations to divide and conquer.

If that's true, then Juneteenth was bogus. Because we're still enslaved, chained
and shackled to the almighty dollar.

John McCann's column appears Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays. Contact him at
jmccann@heraldsun.com or 419-6601.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mug: MCCANN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 The Durham Herald Co.


                              549 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             October 30, 2003 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

ALDERMEN REJECT IDEA TO BREAK DOWN GRANTS BY RACE OF WARD'S REPRESENTATIVE;
RACIALLY MIXED PANEL SAID DESIGNATION WAS DIVISIVE

BYLINE: Doug Moore Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 596 words


An idea to specify the allocation of federal money according to the race of
aldermen was quickly shot down Wednesday by a racially mixed aldermanic
committee who said such a designation was divisive.

At issue was a $32 million grant application prepared by the city's director of
development, Barbara Geisman. The request for funds from the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development was designated by "wards with African-American
aldermen" and "wards with non-African-American aldermen."

Geisman, who is white, said she takes responsibility "for the unfortunate
terminology."

She admits she was overzealous in preparing the application, and said she made
the designation because of concerns among African-American aldermen that wards
they represent in the city's North Side got shortchanged when it came to HUD
funding. The funds are used for various housing and development projects.

Of the 28 wards in St. Louis, 16 are represented by whites and 12 by
African-Americans, who represent all of the city's North Side, along with some
of midtown and downtown.

Only two wards led by black aldermen - the 6th and the 19th - reach south of
Interstate 44.

Geisman and her boss Mayor Francis Slay met Tuesday with members of the Board of
Aldermen's black caucus and Alderman Fred Wessels, chairman of the aldermanic
Housing, Urban Development and Zoning Committee, to discuss the money's
distribution. Caucus members, who agreed that every ward could use financial
assistance, stressed that a greater need exists on the north side of town.

Geisman then amended the paperwork to show the money going to the 12 wards
headed by black aldermen, but didn't break out the other wards.

When the amended bill appeared before Wessels' committee on Wednesday, aldermen
balked at the designation.

"Why is that part of the bill?" asked Alderman Phyllis Young, 7th Ward, who is
white. "It sends a bad message out to the community" that city business is done
based on race.

Young received unanimous support from the other 12 committee members - seven
black and five white - who were present when she asked that the bill be amended
again to take out any reference of race or ward designation.

"That is a blatant segregating thing," Young said.

Added Alderman Lyda Krewson, 28th Ward, who is white: "This appears that all
wards represented by blacks are distressed and none of those represented by
whites are distressed, and I don't think that is accurate."

Alderman Greg Carter, 27th Ward, chairman of the black caucus, realized that
everyone was in agreement about the need to change the wording and that the
bigger issue was getting the money to help stabilize the city. Black and white
aldermen praised one another for their ability to work together and said it was
not worth jeopardizing a good thing by having an application that many found
offensive.

The wards will share about $14.5 million of the block grant money. The amount of
money received by wards is determined by the number and type of programs
operating in the area.

Combined, the 12 wards in the north part of the city will receive about $3.7
million more than the other wards.

Peggy Ryan, an African-American alderman representing the 4th Ward, said: "We
aren't trying to cut anybody out. We're trying to be cut in. We're trying to put
money where it is most needed."

Young said Geisman and other officials who track spending of federal dollars
should do so in appropriate quarters but should not put race or ward designation
on such paperwork. The grant application is due Nov. 15.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: METRO PAGE 2; Reporter Doug Moore; E-mail: dmoore@post-dispatch.com;
Phone: 314-622-3580

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              550 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 4, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Black theater examines state of the art

BYLINE: Elysa Gardner

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 868 words

Tonight marks the beginning of the 14th annual National Black Theatre Festival,
a six-day series of performances, readings, workshops and seminars in
Winston-Salem, N.C.

Diahann Carroll, Ben Vereen, Maurice Hines, Lillias White and Melba Moore are
among the artists who will join theater companies and scholars from across the
country in what producer/artistic director Larry Leon Hamlin describes as "a
festive occasion, but one in which we'll find time to evaluate what we need to
do to strengthen our position."

African-Americans have, of course, long played a rich and varied role in
theater. Performers from Paul Robeson, Ossie Davis, Ruby Dee and James Earl
Jones to Keith David, Jeffrey Wright, Audra McDonald and Brian Stokes Mitchell
have earned acclaim in a wide array of productions. Harold Wheeler and the late
Luther Henderson are among the most prominent orchestrators of the past
half-century, and playwright August Wilson's works are considered as canonical
as those of Arthur Miller or Tennessee Williams.


Recent years also have brought notable triumphs behind the curtain. Russell
Simmons' Def Poetry Jam won producer/hip-hop mogul Simmons a Tony award in June.
In 2002, Suzan-Lori Parks became the first black woman to win a Pulitzer Prize
for drama. Parks' Topdog/Underdog originated at New York's Public Theatre, whose
black artistic director, George C. Wolfe, has overseen celebrated works ranging
from the urban musical Harlem Song to the Tony-winning Elaine Stritch at Liberty
.

But to hear many of them tell it, black theater artists continue to face
obstacles -- particularly on Broadway, where, because of a variety of cultural
and economic factors, both producers and the fans they cater to represent fewer
African-Americans than their peers in other media.

"Black people have always influenced American culture, and every so often
there's a confluence of events in theater that causes people to sit up and take
notice," says Wilson, whose most recent play, Gem of the Ocean, premiered in
Chicago.

"But the bottom line is that producers want to make money, and black drama is
not seen as something that's going to sell to a traditional Broadway audience.
It's seen as risk-taking."

Philip Rose, the white producer of past black-themed Broadway successes such as
A Raisin in the Sun and Purlie, adds that burgeoning production costs have made
his successors less willing to gamble. "It was always about show business to a
degree, but now it's more business than show," Rose quips.

"They call it the Great White Way, and there's a subtle reasoning behind that,"
says Wheeler, whose resume includes the Broadway hits Hairspray, Dreamgirls, The
Wiz, A Chorus Line and the upcoming Never Gonna Dance. "Producers are afraid
that blacks won't be primary supporters of black theater, and that's true to
some degree, because we need to go into their communities more to promote shows.
. . .  I see Hairspray now and then and scan the audience, and out of a thousand
people, I'll see 10 to 20 black people."

This ratio tends to be mirrored by the casts and crews of that majority of shows
not specifically geared toward black viewers. "There's always a (black) dancer
or chorus person, because (Actors') Equity is looking to stay out of trouble and
be politically correct," Wheeler says. "It's the same with stage crews. If I see
five black stagehands, I'll think 'Wow.' And until we have set and lighting
designers and crewmembers who have had opportunities to prove themselves, that
number will never grow."

Broadway veteran Lillias White agrees that lack of diversity extends beyond
performers. "It's difficult for black writers and directors and choreographers
to get things done now, because it takes a lot of money, and white producers are
not necessarily up for the kind of things they want to do."

Some other troupers taking part in this year's National Black Theatre Festival
have adapted by shifting their focus to the road. "I don't necessarily think of
theater as Broadway anymore," says Maurice Hines, who has recently toured in
revivals of Guys and Dolls and The Me Nobody Knows.

Melba Moore created the one-woman show she has toured with for a decade "because
I wasn't getting anything from auditioning. I think many people, especially
African-Americans, would like to tell their stories on Broadway but don't know
how to get the money, or deal with the politics."

But neither Hines nor Moore has lost all faith in the famous theater district
that launched them, or in theater's general potential for attracting more black
fans. Hines has gotten positive feedback from a production company involved in
numerous Broadway shows about a new musical he hopes to direct, based on Ella
Fitzgerald's life. "See, we as artists are creative -- we just need more
producers," says Hines.

"Russell Simmons is a perfect example," says Moore. "I'm sure he had to discover
how to get his audience to the theater. It doesn't happen by accident, or
because someone is suddenly open-minded. It happens because you have a vision,
and you learn how to make that vision marketable."

LOAD-DATE: August 04, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (3); PHOTO, B/W, Event Photos; PHOTO, B/W, NBTF; On stage:
Gilbert Glenn Brown and Shonnese C.L. Coleman star in Miss Evers' Boys,
scheduled for the National Black Theatre Festival. <>Malcolm Jamal Warner: He'll
appear in Love & Other Social Issues. <>Hamlin: Evaluating strengths,
weaknesses. <>Wheeler: A top Broadway orchestrator.

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              551 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  October 25, 2003 Saturday Mishawaka Edition

Prison, poverty and race;
Conference asks tough questions

BYLINE: By LINDA MULLEN; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1573 words


SOUTH BEND -- Do African-Americans commit more crimes, or are law enforcement
officials racist? Are poor people convicted more than privileged people?

Those tough questions were addressed Friday in a conference at Ivy Tech State
College called "Incarceration Nation: The Warehousing of America's Poor."

About 200 people who attended were apparently in search of answers.

The program was promoted for criminologists, legal experts and law enforcement
professionals to discuss why people of color and the poor are imprisoned at
disproportionately high rates.

But it also attracted local residents, students and members of the clergy, all
seeking answers.

The conference was organized in part because of local statistics.

Blacks and Hispanics make up 9.8 percent and 3.9 percent, respectively, of St.
Joseph County's adult population, according to the 2000 U.S. Census. At the same
time, blacks and Hispanics combined make up more than 60 percent of the inmates
in the St. Joseph County Jail.

Similarly disproportionate rates of incarceration are evident across the United
States, where overall rates of imprisonment continue to climb.

The conference was designed to call attention and seek solutions to the steadily
increasing incarceration rate in this country, a trend that has serious
implications for the economy and for Americans of all races, said William
Hinkle, chair of Ivy Tech's criminal justice program. The Tribune, the local
chapter of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and
the city of South Bend were also sponsors.

"Nationally, it's 10 to 12 times more likely an African-American will be
incarcerated than a white male," Hinkle said. "For every one white person, seven
to 10 blacks are arrested. That bias continues all through the system.

"It's a national disgrace," Hinkle said.

Gladys Muhammad also attended the program in search of answers. "The very system
we call justice is unjust to (the) black man," she said.

"People are convicted on mistakes and they don't have adequate resources to hire
lawyers. It's the ones who don't have enough money who get convicted."

Paul Leighton

Associate professor Eastern Michigan University

 Money doesn't make you a better person, but it does help keep you out of
prison.

Paul Leighton, keynote speaker at Friday's conference, compared the alleged
crime committed by Ken Lay, former CEO of Enron, to a young man who had three
brushes with the law.

The young man used a fraudulent credit card and bought $80 worth of goods, wrote
a $28 bad check, and then accepted $120 for a home improvement job that he
didn't complete.

The man, Leighton said, was given life in prison because of the "three strikes,
you're out" law.

In comparison, Leighton said, Lay took $17 million in cash advances from Enron,
paid it back with Enron stock that he knew would be worthless, and then cashed
out $103 million of Enron shares, all while encouraging the public to buy stock
in Enron.

When Enron filed bankruptcy, many Americans lost their retirement money and
college savings accounts. But Lay walked away without an indictment.

"We know the poor are the criminals, because they're the ones in prison,"
Leighton said.

And building more prisons cuts the budgets for schools and other social
programs, some of which are forced to close. "We don't close doctor offices to
build emergency rooms," he said.

"Building prisons are like mopping the floor while the tub overflows," he said.
"It endangers individual liberties, especially of minority citizens, takes money
from crime prevention programs and fuels a criminal justice-industrial complex."

"Instead of a bigger mop, we really need a plumber to fix the problem."

Leighton's teaching Web site is http://paulsjusticepage.com.

Paul Street

Vice president for research and planning Chicago Urban League

 Paul Street with the Chicago Urban League says he does not believe that 90
percent of black men are drug users, even though 90 percent of the incarcerated
drug users are black.

And it bothers him even more that a white man with a criminal record has a
better chance of being hired than a black man who has no criminal record and
equal experience to the white man.

Those are the types of incidents investigated by the Chicago Urban League,
Street said, in an attempt to lower the prison rate, and crime rate, among
minorities.

Street estimated that one in three black men in America has a felony record and
that there are 20,000 more black men in prison than in Illinois colleges.

"We need to focus on the big picture," he said. "Blacks make up 12.3 percent of
the population but more than 50 percent of the population behind bars."

Many times, a black man's sentence only really begins when he's released from
prison with zero rehabilitation. "Having a prison history costs you 20 percent
of your wage ability," Street said.

Lawrence Marshall

Legal director of the Center for Wrongful Convictions Northwestern University

 A generation ago, when people discussed the merits of the death penalty, they
talked about the theological, moral and sociological aspects.

Today, Lawrence Marshall said, there is the "Innocence Revolution."

"There are people on death row who are innocent," he said. Marshall personally
represented 17 people in 12 years in Illinois who were not only removed from
death row but who were cleared of the crimes that put them there.

"Every time we solve a crime for the innocent," he said, people need to
remember, "the guilty person is not behind bars."

Marshall said he and Gov. George Ryan, like most of America, once shared a
similar belief: that people on death row are guilty. "Through the gift of DNA,"
a lot of people, including Ryan, have changed their minds.

Two days before he left office, Ryan commuted all previous death sentences to
life in prison.

"It's easy to be duped into believing DNA is the answer, but the great majority
of murders don't leave any DNA from the perpetrator," he said. "What DNA gives
us is insight into the flaws of the system."

"Eyewitnesses are wrong. Confessions are coerced ... jailhouse confessions ...
the system was untrustworthy," he said.

Lawrence Travis III

Professor of criminal justice University of Cincinnati

 It's easy to claim that racism exists in police departments, Lawrence Travis
said, but it may be better defined as discriminating against poverty.

"Race is associated with poverty," he said. "African-Americans are
disproportionately urban, more likely to be unemployed and undereducated, (and
more likely to) lack social and financial resources."

Rather than settle differences in small claims court or through an attorney, for
example, they are more likely to call the police to deal with problems or deal
with the problems themselves.

At the same time, he said, white, middle-class people are more likely to sell
drugs in their basements, only to their friends. African Americans, who
socialize in yards or along city streets, are more likely to sell drugs there.

"Class may be more important than race," Travis said. "Alternatives to criminal
justice are needed. Individuals need to be better trained."

"African-Americans are involved more in crime, engaged in more serious crimes,
more frequently. You can't pretend this doesn't exist," he said. "It's not that
whites don't commit crimes, but it is disproportionate."

Lynne Douglass

Adjunct professor of sociology Ivy Tech State College

 Research shows African-Americans and Hispanics are sent to prison more
frequently and receive longer sentences than white offenders for similar serious
crimes.

Dark-skinned Hispanics received the harshest treatment in drug crimes, followed
by lighter-skinned Hispanics, African-Americans and whites, in one study cited
by Lynne Douglass, an adjunct professor of sociology at Ivy Tech State College.

This does not necessarily indicate racism by judges at sentencing, she said.
It's more complicated than that, according to Douglass' presentation of research
on disparate sentencing.

Along with the severity of the crime, a defendant's criminal record must be
considered, she said. She questioned whether minorities have longer records
because of living in poverty in an urban setting or because of police profiling.
Police may focus on inner-city neighborhoods more frequently because of problems
there from drugs, guns and gang activities.

Audience questions

"How unfair is the criminal justice system?" one audience member asked panelist
Marcus Ellison, a St. Joseph County deputy prosecutor.

"I think the criminal justice system is very fair," Ellison responded. Earlier
he said the prosecutor's office strives to be fair to both victims and
defendants and to charge crimes that can be proven.

Motivated by the day's session, a woman asked how someone can offer suggestions
or make changes in the system.

"I believe the judges we have in this county have an open ear," said Rodolfo S.
Monterrosa Jr., a public defender who works with Spanish-speaking defendants.

He suggested people could make an appointment to speak to a judge or an official
at a time court is not in session.

Audience member Verge "Brother Sage" Gillam suggested formation of a citizens'
police review board to handle complaints about officers and brutality. His idea
received support from the audience and panelists.

Staff Writer Marti Heline contributed to this report.


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Leighton ; A large crowd attended the conference "Incarceration Nation"
on Friday at Ivy Tech State College in South Bend to attempt to reconcile the
problem of the disproportionate number of African Americans and Hispanics in
America's prisons. The conference was intended to be the first of an annual
event to try to come up with some possible solutions.  Tribune Photo/REBECCA
BELLING

                 Copyright 2003 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              552 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 17, 1992, Sunday, Final Edition

Striving Toward a Stake in the City

COURTLAND MILLOY

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1; COURTLAND MILLOY

LENGTH: 746 words


A year ago, Jesse L. Jackson and his wife, Jacqueline, moved into LeDroit Park,
a run-down neighborhood in Northwest Washington. It was part of a conscious
decision to be a part of its rebirth, both economically and spiritually.

Since then, their home has been burglarized. A drug war between crack cocaine
and heroin dealers has caused chaos on their street. On Friday, Jacqueline
Jackson was taking out the garbage when she saw a man shot to death.

She could have been hit by a stray bullet.

If the Jacksons were to pack up and move, say to a more affluent part of town,
who could blame them? But nothing could be further from their minds.

Jackson said he was dug in for the long haul. As he prepared to join a march to
save the cities yesterday, he already had put his money where his mouth was.

"I feel the agony and pain," he said in an interview. "But to abandon the city
is to abandon our history. How can we convince others to help save the cities if
we don't do our part?"

He said he could understand why some black people yearned for the good life in
the suburbs, where the public schools are arguably better than most District
public schools. In both Maryland and Virginia, a home buyer generally gets a
better deal -- more land for less money -- and relatively less crime too.

Nevertheless, black people would be crazy, Jackson said in so many words, simply
to walk away from neighborhoods such as LeDroit Park, perhaps the most important
historic neighborhood in black America.

He noted that Ernest Just, the founder of Omega Psi Phi fraternity, and the
great educator Mary Church Terrell were just two of many pioneers who once
called LeDroit Park home.

"The outward flow of black people from the city may appear to be social, but the
real driving force is economic," Jackson said. "White people are getting the
money to gentrify our neighborhoods, while the people who live here are being
denied the chance to save their homes. We can't give in to that kind of foul
play."

The problem is called "redlining," Jackson said. It is a racially discriminatory
banking practice in which whites are given loans that are denied to equally
qualified blacks. Many studies, including a recent one by the U.S. Commerce
Department, have documented that the practice remains widespread.

"The pencil that draws the red line is far more lethal than the billy clubs that
beat up on Rodney King," Jackson said. "By depriving our neighborhoods of
capital, we lose our tax base, business and jobs. Pretty soon, schools are
abandoned and criminal enterprises arise."

The solution, he argues, is for black residents to recommit themselves to the
city by organizing for the formation of development banks that provide loans for
job training and home repair.

Indeed, Jackson's new home was built by a young black general contractor who
hired black plumbers, electricians, carpenters and brick masons. All had
benefited from construction job training programs.

"Ultimately, we must develop the political strength to break the red line,"
Jackson said. "Professional blacks -- doctors, lawyers, educators, accountants
and others of means -- must return to the neighborhoods to help the maids,
janitors, bus drivers and shop owners wage the fight."

Jackson explained why he feels more comfortable in troubled LeDroit Park than he
could in safer suburbs. When he was 8 years old, he recalled, Ebony magazine
published a story about his hero, baseball great Jackie Robinson.

"As I played stickball, I could imagine him coming home from Ebbets Field, to my
neighborhood, living next door to me," Jackson recalled. "Just the thought of
it!"

The following year, though, Robinson moved out of his black neighborhood --
which he had every right to do -- and moved to Stamford, Conn., where whites
there threw rocks at his house in protest.

"I could never understand why he moved out of a neighborhood where he was an
idol to a place where he was not wanted," Jackson said.

These days, Jackson believes the lowly honeybee has the right idea about
neighborhood development. Honeybees, he noted, are said to have no brains, only
instincts. Yet, there are no honeybee slums or homeless honeybees. What do
honeybees know that we don't?

"They know to drop their pollen where they pick their nectar," Jackson said.
"They feed the flower that they rob. Now if we lived and loved and worked and
shopped among ourselves, the laws of rejuvenation would make us prosper too."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              553 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     January 8, 1990, Monday, Final Edition

Predicting the Unpredictable: How Will Area Stocks Do in 1990?

BYLINE: Stan Hinden, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F39

LENGTH: 1357 words


Which Washington area stocks will do best in 1990? There are two ways to find
out. Get a good crystal ball. Or mull over the advice of this group of
professional Washington stock pickers. Their guesses and hunches for 1990 are
listed below:

Peter C. Keefe, manager of research, Johnston, Lemon & Co., Washington: Keefe
likes Allied Capital Corp., a D.C. venture capital company; and Interstate
General Co., LP, a Charles County, Md., home builder with interests in Puerto
Rico.

Keefe likes Allied Capital's $ 1.30 dividend rate, which, on an $ 18.75 stock,
yields 6.9 percent. The upside on the stock, Keefe believes, is $ 20 to $ 22
during the year.

Allied Capital, which has been in business for 30 years and has invested $ 239
million in 1,841 businesses, cloned itself recently, creating Allied Capital II.

Eventually, the money raised in Allied II and the money being managed for
institutional venture funds -- about $ 135 million -- will produce about $ 3.3
million a year in fees for the company, Keefe said.

"Allied is in two businesses. They are lending money and managing money. And
they do an excellent job on both," he said.

Keefe believes shares of Interstate General are a bargain. There is $ 14 in real
estate behind each shareholder unit and the unit price is $ 7.50. Thus, he said,
an investor can buy a dollar's worth of real estate for about 50 cents.

"It's very compelling," he said.

Even with a soft real estate market, Keefe thinks Interstate, which builds
moderately priced homes, will not be as hard hit as higher-priced developers. He
sees an upside for the stock at $ 9 to $ 10.

Joseph A. Clorety III, portfolio manager, Washington Area Growth Fund, Bethesda:
Clorety is putting his wood chips on Hechinger Co., the home center company and
Black & Decker, maker of power tools.

Hechinger shares dropped about 30 percent in 1989 as the company suffered profit
reverses due to expansion costs, store remodelings and other factors.

Clorety said he supports the changes at Hechinger and believes they will help in
the long run. Clorety is looking for a dramatic earnings rebound later this year
and next.

The stock, he believes, will double from $ 12.50 to about $ 25 in next year.

Black & Decker, Clorety said, will begin to see the benefits of its merger with
Emhart Corp. of Hartford, Conn., which had a number of business that fit well
with Black & Decker and a lot that didn't. Black & Decker is trying to sell off
the latter to pay down debt from the acquisition.

Clorety said he believes Black & Decker officials, who predict the merged firms
will earn $ 5 to $ 6 a share in three or four years and achieve a 15 percent
return on equity.

Michael Meek, research director, Savoy Group, Washington: Meek is putting his
money on Danaher Corp. of Washington and Circuit City Stores of Richmond.

Danaher owns manufacturing businesses acquired by the Rales brothers of
Washington. Danaher shares, up 8 percent last year, were under pressure because
of a slowdown in auto manufacturing, Meek said. A Danaher firm makes car air
conditioning units.

Meek estimated Danaher will show 1989 profits of about $ 1.85 a share from
operations, up from $ 1.58 a year earlier. Meek is looking for $ 2.15 a share in
1990, with a flat first half but a better second half.

A favorable sign, Meek said, is that Danaher apparently has brought its debt
down below the 50 percent level.

Danaher also has bought back 1.5 million of its own shares, Meek said. That will
boost earnings per share and is a sign the Rales brothers, who own 43 percent of
the stock, consider the shares to be undervalued. The stock, at $ 15.50, is
selling at nine times earnings, below the average market price-earnings ratio
(PE) of 13.5.

Meek looks for Danaher stock to move to $ 20 to $ 22 by year's end.

"I'm willing to take my bets with the Rales," Meek said.

As for Circuit City, the electronics retailer, Meek likes the company's
expansion plans. Circuit City will build 30 new superstores this year, for a
total of 155.

"It's one of the best-run, best-managed growth companies in America," he said.

Meek said Circuit City will show profits of $ 1.65 a share in fiscal 1990,
ending this month, up from $ 1.52 a year ago. The 8.5 percent gain was one of
the smallest in recent history and caused by a softness in consumer spending,
Meek said.

He expects next year's profits in fiscal 1991 to reach $ 2.05 a share, which
would be a more normal 24 percent increase.

Circuit City is selling currently at 14 times earnings. Meek said the upside for
the stock, now at $ 21.50, is about $ 30.

Lois W. Burleigh, director of equity investment, ASB Capital Management,
Washington: The shares of Sovran Financial Corp. of Norfolk are attractively
priced, Burleigh believes. Sovran is the largest bank holding company in
Virginia.

It will get even bigger when it completes its merger with Citizens and Southern
Corp. early this year. The two institutions will become a $ 47 billion bank
holding company to be called Avantor Financial Corp.

Burleigh sees Sovran as a solid institution whose stock has been unduly
penalized by the grim atmosphere surrounding bank and thrift stocks these days.

Sovran stock saw a high of $ 43.25 last year and a low of $ 33, posted in
December. Currently at $ 37.50, the stock can go back to the mid-$ 40s in a
year, Burleigh believes.

Burleigh expects Sovran to earn $ 5 a share in 1990, up from about $ 4.50 in
1989. The stock has a dividend yield of 4.8 percent.

Sovran stock is trading at eight times 1989 earnings in a market where the
average PE is 13.5. "That's a good discount for a decent bank stock," Burleigh
said.

Steve Newby of Koonce Securities, Rockville: Newby selected General Kinetics of
Rockville and Penril Corp. of Potomac, two of the top gainers in 1989. General
Kinetics was up 167 percent while Penril gained 106 percent.

Newby said that the big news at General Kinetics in 1990 would be the profits
turned in by the Cryptek division, which makes facsimile machines that are
secure against electronic eavesdropping.

Newby expects General Kinetics to earn $ 1 a share for the fiscal 1990, ending
May 31, compared with losses in 1988 and 1989. He notes that the stock has a
"small float," meaning there are relatively few shares available in the market,
making trading potentially difficult.

Newby said the upside for the stock could be $ 10 to $ 20 in the coming year. It
now sells at about $ 6.

Penril Corp. will see its profits move up to $ 1.50 share for the 1990 fiscal
year, ending July 30, Newby estimated. The firm earned $ 1.26 last year.

At $ 6.88, Penril is selling for only six times current earning. Newby is
looking for a $ 12 share price by the end of the year.

Newby said he expects that Penril's DataComm division, which makes data
communications equipment, will see a 17 percent sales growth in fiscal 1990.

Equipment to run wide area computer networks, which brought in only $ 2.5
million in 1986 could grow to $ 15 million in this year, Newby said.

Benjamin Peress, equity analyst, Ferris Baker Watts Investment Management,
Washington: Peress likes what he sees at Harman International Industries of
Washington, a company that makes audio electronics equipment. Harman already has
5 percent of the world market but Peress expects to see that expand rapidly as
Europe opens its market in 1992

Peress estimates that Harman's profit of $ 1.78 a share for fiscal 1989, ending
last June, will rise to $ 2.10 a share in 1990, despite a slowdown in autos,
which use Harman equipment. He also expects to see 15 to 20 percent profit
growth at Harman during the next few years. The stock is at $ 19.75, with a PE
of 11.

Peress's other favorite is PHP Healthcare Corp. of Alexandria, which provides
health care services to state and federal agencies. The stock is selling at $
7.75, with a PE of 12.7. Peress's target for the stock is $ 12 to $ 15 over the
next year, based on its $ 200 million contract backlog and his expectations for
strong earnings growth in 1991.

PHP Healthcare stock gained 82.4 percent last year as it rebounded from
losses.endquad

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              554 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 30, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Black buying power soaring

BYLINE: Beth Belton

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 326 words


The purchasing power of black consumers has skyrocketed this decade,
thanks to a strong economy, the tightest job market in a generation
and dramatic education gains.

Black buying power -- defined as total personal income after taxes
-- will surpass $ 500 billion this year, according to a University
of Georgia study released Wednesday.

In 1999, black buying power is expected to have risen 73% since
1990, the study says.

"The theory is that when white America gets a cold, black America
gets pneumonia. This shows the converse is true," says Keith
Smikle, president of Chicago-based Target Market News, a research
firm.

But Jeff Humphreys, author of the University of Georgia study,
says this decade's gains are too dramatic to conclude that a strong
economy is the only explanation.

Total U.S. buying power is projected to have risen 57%
from 1990 through 1999, 16 percentage points less than the gain
in black buying power.

Humphreys says education gains made a difference. Last year, for
the first time, the high-school completion rate for blacks and
whites was the same, says U.S. Census data.

But just 13% of African Americans have college degrees, compared
with 25% of white Americans. African Americans also continue to
lag white Americans in household wealth, says Calvin Boston, publisher
of Moneywise magazine for African Americans.

The typical black household has less than 20 cents of wealth for
every $ 1 owned by the typical white family. "We can't just be
consumers, we need to create wealth," Boston says.


Money talks

States with the highest estimated take-home pay for black consumers
in 1999:

 Billions

New York $ 60.9

California $ 40.9

Texas $ 35.3

Florida $ 30.7

Georgia $ 30.4

Illinois $ 29.4

Maryland $ 27.9

North Carolina $ 24.1

New Jersey $ 23.4

Michigan $ 22.9

U.S. total $ 532.7

Source: University of Georgia

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              555 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 28, 2000, Monday, Home Edition

NCAA suspends Miami's Webster for 3 games

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 7F

LENGTH: 478 words

The NCAA has suspended Miami linebacker Nate Webster, the team's leading tackler
last season, for the first three games of the 2000 season, The Palm Beach Post
reported Sunday.

Miami officials have appealed to the NCAA to reduce the penalty to one game.

Webster, a second-team All-American last season, had applied for the NFL draft
Jan. 10, then changed his mind the same night. According to NCAA rules, Webster
became ineligible simply by applying.

Haklits wins SEC track title

Georgia's Andras Haklits won the men's weight throw with a toss of 68 feet, 2
1/4 inches as the Bulldogs men placed seventh at the SEC indoor meet in
Fayetteville, Ark.

Host Arkansas swept the men's and women's titles. The Lady Bulldogs were fifth,
helped Sunday by Rhonda Hackett placing second in the shot put, Erin Jones third
in the 5,000 and Laura McKinley fourth in the mile.

South Carolina's Terrence Trammell, formerly of Southwest DeKalb High, won both
the 60 hurdles (7.57 seconds) and 60 dash (6.58).

Briefly

BASEBALL: Mark Teixeira scored on a throwing error by catcher Jess Martin with
one out in the ninth inning to give Georgia Tech (8-2) an 8-7 victory against
visiting North Carolina-Greensboro (5-4). . . . Georgia State (9-2) used a
six-run eighth inning to win its seventh in a row, 13-11 against visiting
Florida A&M (3-11). . . . Georgia and Georgia Southern were rained out in
Statesboro.

FOOTBALL: Sports agent William ''Tank'' Black has been indicted for mail and
wire fraud and money laundering, and is expected to be arraigned in Gainesville,
Fla., today, The Miami Herald reported. Several former Florida players have
testified against Black before the grand jury.

GOLF: Bryce Molder's 5-under-par 67 gave him the individual lead and helped
Georgia Tech tie Clemson for the first-day lead at the San Juan Shootout.
Georgia is tied for 10th with East Tennessee State. . . . The Columbus State men
finished second in the Ron Smith Invitational in Tampa.

SOFTBALL: Georgia College and State swept West Georgia, 9-0 and 2-1.

SWIMMING: In the Bulldog Invitational, Georgia's Brian Scannell (200 butterfly),
Mike Fung-A-Wing (100 backstroke), Chris Maurer (200 breaststroke) and the 200
freestyle relay of Chris Murray, Jason Gagnon, James Griffin and John Stratman
posted NCAA provisional qualifying times.

TENNIS: Roger Anderson won at No. 4 singles to clinch Georgia Tech's 5-2 victory
against visiting Vanderbilt. . . . The Georgia women trounced visiting Tennessee
8-1. . . . The Kennesaw State women lost 7-2 to Armstrong Atlantic in Savannah.

TRACK: Clayton Porter qualified for the NCAA meet with the second-best indoor
long jump in Georgia Tech history, 25-9 3/4 at the Virginia Tech Last Chance
meet. The distance medley unit of Sara Pardue, Coquese Renfroe, Nicole Campbell
and Becky Megesi qualified provisionally.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              556 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Black Rose Rollers swap skates for dresses at princess pancake breakfast

BYLINE: By Lauren Kershner lkershner@eveningsun.com @lauren_kershner on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Black Rose Rollers members are looking to explore "a whole new world":
Wisconsin.

A handful of members from Hanover's own all-female roller derby league plan to
make the trip to Wisconsin to compete in the Uff Da Palooza derby tournament.

While the team has been traveling on the East Coast for games, this will be the
first time that they travel to the Midwest.

The event is turning into a family affair, which is why the league is raising
money through various fundraisers   one of those being a princess pancake
breakfast that was held Saturday at the Hanover YWCA.

Photos: Black Rose Rollers host pancake breakfast

League members dressed up like Snow White, Belle, Cinderella, Ariel and Elsa.
Kids were smiling and laughing as they talked and took pictures with their
favorite Disney princesses at the breakfast.

"Our fantastic fundraising team came up with the idea for a themed breakfast,
and we thought it would be a great way to have a new, different event that the
whole community could participate in," league president Karla Vasconcellos said.

While a total number of funds raised on Saturday was not available, Vasconcellos
said they did much better than anticipated.

"There were at least 100 people each hour, we even had to send people out for
more food," she said.

The Black Rose Rollers league is made up of two teams and 27 skaters, 15 of
which will be making the journey to Wisconsin, Vasconcellos said.

The tournament, which is taking place July 18 and 19 in Wasau, Wisconsin, gives
teams from several states the chance to compete against each other. The Black
Rose Rollers is the only team from Pennsylvania competing, but they will be
competing against groups from Ohio, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Illinois.

"We are looking forward to playing against these other teams," Vasconcellos
said. "We could also pick up different strategies and use them against the teams
we play against season, after season."

This fundraiser was the first of several that will be held until the team leaves
in July. As far as travel goes, the team plans on renting a charter bus with the
funds raised throughout the next several months. They are trying to raise as
much as they can, because the bus alone could cost close to $10,000,
Vasconcellos said.

"After looking at all of our options we decided a bus would be the easiest way
to transport the team to Wisconsin," she said.

The team is not traveling alone, family, coaches and a referee will be going as
well, but Vasconcellos said she was not sure how many will actually go, saying
it would depend on the amount of money raised.

Roller derby is more of a family event than many realize, Vasconcellos said.

"We find that kids really enjoy watching the games," she said.

The team and league is looking forward to expanding their knowledge of other
regions and Vasnconcellos, who is one of the team members going to the
tournament, said she hopes the skaters can learn some new moves to try out on
the local teams.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Lilly Bravo, 3, of Hampstead, Maryland, gives a hug to Black Rose
Roller member Megan Wolfe, right, who was dressed as Snow White for the Black
Rose Rollers princess pancake breakfast on Feb. 14, at the Hanover YWCA, while
Kamdyn Kramer, 4, of Hanover, talks with Emily Smith, kneeling, as she was
dressed as Princess Elsa. Hanover's roller derby team, hosted the special
fundraising event for the first time to help raise money for the team to travel
to a tournament later this year in Wausau, Wisconsin.
Kamdyn Kramer, 4, right, enjoys a pancake breakfast with her mother, Crystal
Kramer, of Hanover, during the Black Rose Rollers princess pancake breakfast on
Feb. 14 at the Hanover YWCA.
Alayna Musselman, 5, of Gettysburg, gets her princess makeup done during the
Black Rose Rollers pancake breakfast at the Hanover YWCA on Feb. 14.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  February 22, 1993, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

'SMART MONEY' AND REALITY

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 750 words

BILL MCCLELLAN ON MY OWN COLUMN


IF WE WERE to take a historical look at the St. Louis mayoral race, we would say
it started in November 1990 in Jefferson City when the Democrats in the Missouri
House handed state Rep. Tony Ribaudo a resounding defeat in his bid to oust Bob
Griffin as House speaker.

With no future in the Legislature - Griffin has a long memory - Ribaudo
immediately looked toward City Hall.

The next month, in what seemed like an unrelated development, state Rep.  Paula
Carter filed for the presidency of the Board of Aldermen against the incumbent,
Tom Villa. Although Ribaudo and Villa were bitter enemies from their days
together in the Legislature - they actually got into a shoving match in 1981 -
what would make Carter's challenge important in this year's mayoral race was the
fact that she was a protege of Congressman Bill Clay. But more about that later.

In January of 1991, Alderman Steve Roberts became the first official candidate
for mayor. A successful businessman who had been a part-time politician,
Roberts, who is black, promised to run an inclusive campaign.

To a neutral observer, it would seem you couldn't invent a better candidate -
articulate, energetic and married to a doctor. Political professionals declared
that he had no chance.

In March of 1991, Villa received more than 60 percent of the vote and crushed
Paula Carter. The margin of her defeat was humiliating to Congressman Clay.

On the day of Villa's victory, Ribaudo officially announced that he would run
for mayor.

Those early days were heady for Ribaudo. As the only professional politician in
the race, he began reaping endorsements. The political Smart Guys, black and
white, flocked to the Ribaudo banner. People who supposedly know about these
things whispered that Congressman Clay's organization would eventually announce
for Ribaudo.

In August of 1991, Villa declared his candidacy. Villa, of course, was strong on
the white South Side. He had been the only major city official who had not
endorsed the "progressive" candidates for the city's School Board.  Smart Money
said this might help him on the South Side, but would doom him on the North Side
and in the central corridor. Because Ribaudo would be able to challenge him on
the South Side and would have Clay's backing on the North Side, Smart Money said
Ribaudo was as good as in.

If only Freeman Bosley Jr. would stay out, that is.

If Bosley, a strong black candidate, were to enter the race, the equation would
be muddled. The city generally votes along racial lines. Would black voters
ignore Clay's endorsement and vote for a black candidate?

In January of 1992, Bosley held a fund-raising dinner at a downtown hotel.

"I'm tired of holding my small boat by the harbor bar. I want to go where the
big ships float," he said.

It wasn't exactly an announcement, but it was close.

Roberts, who was still hoping to run as the only black candidate, announced that
he had been endorsed by a coalition of black ministers.

"The black community, through its religious leaders, has spoken," he said.

Bosley, who apparently liked his "big ship" analogy, challenged Roberts'
assertion.

"If I announce, his support will look like a banana boat in a tidal wave," said
Bosley.

Shortly thereafter, he declared his candidacy.

This put Congressman Clay in a box. If he were to endorse Ribaudo and the North
Side were to vote for Bosley, Clay would look like a paper tiger.  Coming on the
heels of the Carter debacle, Clay's support would seem worthless.

You can't claim to be a kingmaker if you can't make kings. The congressman could
not afford to endorse Ribaudo.

In fact, Clay's lieutenants privately announced that the congressman wanted to
see what kind of support Bosley was getting before the congressman made an
endorsement.

With Clay's finger firmly in the wind, Ribaudo's hopes for a coalition
collapsed.

Roberts, meanwhile, continued to talk about the issues, which of course further
convinced people that he was a sham candidate. Several black leaders demanded
that he drop out of the mayoral race.

For all practical purposes, it had become a three-man race.

Smart Money started to look seriously at Bosley. Racial mathematics seemed to
make him the favorite. If Villa and Ribaudo split the South Side and Bosley
captured most of the North Side, Bosley should win.

At least, that's what Smart Money was saying a month ago. In the near future,
we'll discuss what happened next.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              558 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 31, 2009 Thursday

Pueblo County, and Black Hills talking money: Utility expects agreement next
month regarding land for a new power plant.

BYLINE: Peter Roper, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


Dec. 31--Pueblo County officials are negotiating with Black Hills Energy about
tax credits and cash payments as part of the utility's plan to build a new
natural gas-fired plant northwest of the Pueblo Industrial Park.

County Commission Chairman Jeff Chostner said Wednesday those discussions are
continuing but declined to discuss details of the talks.

A spokesman for the utility said Black Hills expects to reach an agreement with
the county next month.

Earlier this week, Pueblo City Council approved a pre-annexation contract with
Black Hills that required the utility to pay the city $4.6 million this week,
with another $2.9 million next year. Those payments are based on the condition
the utility annexes its new power plant into the city next year. Should that not
happen, the city would refund the entire $7.5 million to Black Hills.

As an incentive to build the plant, the city is granting Black Hills a waiver on
paying any property taxes during the two years the new plant will be
constructed, plus a 50 percent waiver on property taxes for five years after
that. Pueblo County officials also have discussed waiving some taxes as an
incentive for Black Hills to build its planned 400 megawatt plant here.

"Certainly without the county's willingness to waive some of its taxes, Black
Hills would not be looking to build a new plant in Pueblo County," a company
spokesman said Wednesday.

Black Hills intends to build a $450 million natural gas-fired plant and the
intended site is 240 acres about two miles northwest of the airport industrial
park. Utility officials said the plant would employ a permanent staff of 15 to
20 workers when completed.

The Colorado Public Utilities Commission has yet to give final approval to the
project, but utility officials expect the process of annexing the land into the
city to move rapidly next year.

proper@chieftain.com

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091231-PB-Pueblo-County-and-Black-Hills-talking-money-1231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2009 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              559 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 12, 1992, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

2 sides of American dream // Koreans find success can stir problems

BYLINE: Rhonda Richards

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1397 words


In Washington, Sue and Jei Kim are enjoying the business success they dreamed
about when they left Korea 30 years ago.

In 1988, the two opened a downtown printing business. Last year, revenue for
Metro Press was $ 450,000.

''I believe the Lord has blessed us with good health and all the opportunities
the world has to offer,'' says Sue Kim, 48. ''We are grateful to America that it
has had such opportunity to afford us.''

About 3,000 miles away, in south central Los Angeles, Steve Lee's dream lies
shattered in the B&B Beauty Supply Discount Store, which suffered $ 200,000 in
damage after being ransacked by rioters.

''My feelings are in terms of frustration, sadness, anger, disappointment and
devastation,'' says Lee, 25, who manages the store for his parents. ''I never
had this type of feeling in my life.''

The stories of those families illustrate the range of success and failure Korean
immigrants have faced the past decade since they've begun opening small
businesses in the USA. Those entrepreneurs are repeating the classic immigrant
success story. They're starting small family-owned stores, the same enterprises
that launched the European, Jewish and Hispanic immigrants, and U.S. blacks
before them.

Employing yourself when you are new to the USA is often the only way to get a
job, says Rieva Lesonsky, editor of Entrepreneur. ''When you are different -
either you look different or talk different - you are going to have a very hard
time getting into corporate America.''

While earlier immigrants have gone on to bigger things like shopping malls,
office buildings and high-tech firms, Korean entrepreneurs are thinking small:
groceries and retail stores. Analysts say Korean business owners control
family-run industries in several U.S. cities. Now, they're snapping up wholesale
and distribution firms that supply their businesses.

Between 1982 and 1987, businesses owned by Asian-Americans nearly doubled to
69,304, the Census Bureau reports. Its figures, the latest available, show that
among Asian-Americans, Korean immigrants rank third in business creation, behind
the Chinese and Japanese.

About 7% of Koreans own businesses, according to census statistics. That's
compared with 1.5% of U.S. blacks and 2% of Hispanics. Total revenue for
Korean-owned businesses was $ 7.7 billion in 1987. That compares with $ 19.8
billion for black-owned firms, $ 24.7 billion for Hispanic-owned firms and $ 2
trillion for all small firms.

Destruction during the Los Angeles riots shows how successful the businesses had
become. Damage to Korean-owned businesses in south central Los Angeles and that
city's Koreatown has been estimated at $ 375 million - half the estimated $ 750
million in damage to 1,500 businesses.

Who are the Koreans opening those businesses? Many are South Koreans who
emigrated in the 1960s and '70s to escape low wages or get a U.S. education.
Typically they are college-educated, white-collar workers. Few of the early
immigrants brought much cash. But recent immigrants are earning enough from the
sale of their homes in Korea to comfortably start a business here.

Now, the average Korean businessperson comes to the USA with assets of $ 60,000
to $ 250,000, says Ivan Light, author of Immigrant Entrepreneurs.

Sue and Jei Kim's first business six years ago was a tiny Washington newsstand.
Then, Sue decided to do something bigger. They saved profits from the newsstand
as well as Sue's salary as a nurse and Jei's as a university librarian. Now, the
Kims have a home in suburban Maryland, a son in college and a daughter in law
school.

Many Koreans starting businesses find the inner city a good opportunity.
Concerns about crime and high insurance rates are balanced by low rents and
limited competition.

About one in four Korean entrepreneurs own businesses in those communities.
Experts say they gain a strong foothold because black shop owners in black
communities are a vanishing breed, the victim of a lack of capital.

Commercial strips, such as Harlem's 125th Street, are saturated with
Korean-owned businesses from clothing and liquor stores to corner groceries and
soul-food restaurants.

''If they offer you $ 100,000 (for your business), that means they see $
400,000,'' says Parren Mitchell, chairman of the Minority Business Enterprise
Legal Defense and Education Fund, who is black.

Like Jewish and Arab store owners before them, many Koreans now are experiencing
the brunt of residents' frustration and anger over their economic predicament
and loss of businesses. Some have been targets of boycotts and violence.

''Unless something is done about unemployment, there's going to be resentment,''
Mitchell says. ''Many groups, not only Koreans, will be the target of that.''
That's a pity, he says. ''Koreans are not telling the lending institutions,
'Don't make loans to black people.' ''

Many blacks and Koreans just don't seem to understand each other, experts say.
There are language barriers, racial stereotypes and cultural differences. Many
Koreans avoid eye contact with customers, which they say shows respect. But that
infuriates many blacks, used to being shunned at store counters by white clerks.

''In some Korean businesses, there are some people who won't smile, who won't
say 'please' and 'thank you,' '' says Connie Pope of Chicago's Cosmopolitan
Chamber of Commerce, which represents black businesses. ''They openly admit
their biggest worry is security. So there is a tendency to overreact if they
feel threatened. They react, and blacks react to their negative behavior, and
the thing gets out of hand,'' she says.

Pope says black-Korean conflicts have been blown out of proportion. Many Koreans
and blacks get along well, she notes. Still, the differences have led to other
tragedies.

Last year, a Korean shop owner in Los Angeles shot a black teen-ager after
struggling with the girl over a bottle of orange juice. The shopkeeper was
convicted of voluntary manslaughter and placed on probation. A Los Angeles
activist group, The Brotherhood Crusade, began boycotting the store. The recent
jury verdict acquitting white police officers of beating black motorist Rodney
King became a blowtorch igniting the resentment into riots and the destruction
of Korean businesses.

Steve Lee says he has struggled to improve communications with black neighbors
by working with community groups, the city and police. He, like many other
Korean business owners, says he had good relations with his customers. He's
stunned that his store was ransacked while many black businesses around him were
untouched.

Lee wonders whether his family will do business again in the inner city. The
real question may be whether he and those like him can go anyplace else.

''We have no choice but to stay (in the inner city),'' says Myung Kim, a Korean
liquor store owner in Washington. ''You have to keep your job.''

Sadly, it may be the Los Angeles disaster that propels many Korean entrepreneurs
into the political and business mainstream, Lee believes. ''Korean-Americans are
very noticeable and very vulnerable,'' he says. ''They have no voice. This is a
wake-up call.''

Koreans pool savings

Some Americans believe the money Korean immigrants use to start their businesses
comes from the Korean government - or even the Moonies, the Rev. Sun Myung
Moon's Unification Church.

But in truth, experts say, most Korean businesspeople rely on the kye or keh, a
small savings club of friends and family who pool money each month and
distribute funds to one club member.  The funds are tax- and interest- free.

Contributions to such informal credit unions can be as little as $ 50 to $ 100 a
month or as high as thousands of dollars a month. Some West Coast kyes have
received millions of dollars in contributions.

Trust and longstanding family connections are cornerstones of the kye. To
violate that trust by taking off with the money guarantees a loss of face in
close-knit Korean communities. Many other immigrant groups, such as the
Vietnamese, Ethiopians, Caribbean blacks, West Africans and Chinese, also pool
their money for business loans, though not always as successfully as Koreans.

Some experts believe pooling of funds based on kye concepts could help cash-
strapped black entrepreneurs, who cite lack of access to capital markets as the
No. 1 barrier to starting a small business.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY; PHOTO; color, Nick Ut, AP

CUTLINE: PROSPERITY AND RUIN: Sue Kim, above, owner of Metro Press in
Washington, saw revenue of $ 450,000 in her print shop last year. Buddy Lee,
right, stands in front of the burned-out remains of his grocery store in Los
Angeles, a casualty of last week's riots. He says the thought of rebuilding his
shop in the Koreatown section, which was heavily damaged, is almost too
agonizing to consider though he has to do so.

TYPE: Cover Story

See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              560 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 7, 1989, Thursday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Arlington Black Students Still Trail After 4 Years;
School Program Posts Gains in Some Areas

BYLINE: Evelyn Hsu, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B5

LENGTH: 579 words


Black students in Arlington schools have made some gains in four years but
continue to lag behind their peers in key areas such as test scores and their
dropout rate has increased, according to a school study.

The report comes as Arlington schools enter their fourth year of a minority
achievement program designed to improve the performance and participation of
county black students. The study will be discussed at the School Board meeting
tonight.

The report "gives us an indication of where we are," said Sharon G. Monde,
coordinator of minority achievement for the Arlington schools.

"It's not disappointing. Four years is really not enough time to see big
changes. It gives us an indication of where we need to make improvements," she
said.

Arlington is spending about $ 117,000 this year, not counting staff salaries, on
minority achievement programs, said Monde. The money is awarded to 18 schools
that participate in the program. The money is used for programs that include one
all-day kindergarten, tutoring and fine arts programs.

Frank K. Wilson, the only black member of the School Board, called the
improvements noted in the report "very small" and said he was "not pleased" with
the study results.

Wilson said more money should be spent on minority achievement programs, that
pre-kindergarten programs should be started for students from deprived
backgrounds, and that involvement among black parents needs to increase.

Most important, he said, attitudes and expectations about black students must
change.

"The entire system should have the same high expectations for black students
that it does for other students," he said.

"No matter how much money you put into it, if you're not going to attack it
philosophically, it's not going to work," he said.

The report is based on data from the 1985-86 school year to the 1988-89 school
year and found that "black students are beginning to become more proportionately
represented among students excelling in Arlington public schools."

For instance, 49 percent of black students took the Scholastic Aptitude Test in
1989 compared with 40 percent in 1986.

The rate of black students who intended to pursue a higher education increased
in that same period from 50 percent to 73 percent.

Other positive indicators cited in the report were the attendance rates for
black elementary school students, which have remained the same.

And there has been a "significant decrease," from 6.4 percent to 3.9 percent, in
the percentage of black elementary school students held back a grade.

The number of black elementary and secondary students participating in
academically oriented, after-school activities has increased, said the report.

But the study cited numerous "areas of concern" in which black student
achievement has failed to improve or fallen further behind that of other
students.

Black student performance on standardized tests remains below the performance of
county students overall.

In the last two years, both the number and percentage of black student dropouts
has increased, going from 73 students or 7.8 percent, to 83 students or 8.2
percent, but the retention rate for black secondary students increased from 11.7
percent to 19.2 percent.

And while black students make up 16.6 percent of the school population last
year, they accounted for 36.3 percent of the suspensions, "more than twice the
rate that their proportion of the school population would suggest," the report
said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

CORRECTION-DATE: December 8, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

CORRECTION: A chart on Scholastic Aptitude Test scores in Arlington County
misrepresented the data by reversing the order of the school years covered. The
'85-'86 scores should have been listed as '88-'89, and so forth.

GRAPHIC: CHART, ARLINGTON'S SCHOLASTIC APTITUDE TEST RESULTS. (DATA FROM CHART
IS NOT INCLUDED), MICHAEL DREW

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                              561 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 6, 1997, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

Poll finds races still divided on Simpson

BYLINE: Richard Price

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 295 words


Blacks and whites polled Wednesday remain sharply divided over
the O.J. Simpson case, but do agree that justice has not been
served.

After a civil jury's verdict Tuesday holding Simpson liable for
knifing Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman, a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
Poll found that 59% of whites and 68% of blacks are dissatisfied
with the case as a whole.

Blacks tend to believe Simpson was unfairly punished by a second
trial that already has awarded plaintiffs $ 8.5 million in compensatory
damages.

Whites tend to believe he was not punished enough. A majority
thinks he should have been sent to prison after his 1995 criminal
trial.

The two races split decisively on which trial was more just. Wednesday's
poll of 400 adults found that 74% of whites agreed with the civil
verdict. Among blacks, 26%.

After the criminal trial, 78% of blacks agreed with the verdict
and 42% of whites.

The races also flip-flopped on whether race was a factor. After
the criminal trial, where the jury was predominantly black, 55%
of whites thought race was a significant factor; 32% of blacks
agreed.

In the civil case, with a predominantly white jury, 56% of blacks
think race was an issue; 21% of whites. Other results:

-- 75% of whites think Simpson committed the crime, up two points
since the criminal trial; 61% of blacks think he's innocent, up
three points.

-- 76% of whites think the families who sued Simpson were motivated
by justice, not money. Blacks are more divided; 45% say money
was the motive, 36% say justice.

The trial resumes this morning with the punitive stage, where
jurors will decide how much in damages to award the estates of
Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson as punishment for the killings.

LOAD-DATE: February 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              562 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   December 15, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Airport panel okayed $ 2,000 for dinner or show

BYLINE: BILL ADAIR

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 714 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Why did the Hillsborough County Aviation Authority in August pay $ 2,000 to  the
Congressional Black Caucus?

George Bean, the authority's executive director, said Tuesday that he  couldn't
remember the specifics.

He said authority Chairman Arthenia Joyner was attending the Black Caucus
Foundation Legislative Weekend in Washington, D.C., and needed the money for
"some kind of function." But he couldn't recall if it was a dinner or some
other event.

Employees at the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation said records for  Joyner
were not available Tuesday, but they said the $ 2,000 most likely was  used to
sponsor a table at a fashion show or buy four tickets for a  $ 500-per-plate
fund-raising dinner.

"It would have to be tickets" to the dinner or fashion show, said Carol  Miner,
a reservationist at the foundation.

Joyner did not return telephone calls from the Times on Tuesday. She has  been
criticized by Gov. Lawton Chiles and Hillsborough commissioners for her
expensive trips during the past year, including her visit to the Black Caucus
meeting. Florida Comptroller Gerald Lewis is investigating the trips by Joyner
and other authority members to determine if members misused public money.

The annual Black Caucus event includes seminars and workshops on social and
political issues. It is capped off every year by a lavish dinner to benefit  the
foundation's education fund. About 5,000 people attended the Sept. 18  dinner,
which included entertainment by Stevie Wonder.

A Washington Post writer described the dinner as a "chance to eat,  schmooze -
and flex a little political muscle." The writer said the food was  "rather
tough-looking roast beef and beans."

Joyner has said she attended the legislative weekend to promote tourism and
meetings for the Tampa Bay area and "find out what is being done around the
nation about international development."

The $ 2,000 check was authorized by Bean in a brief Aug. 25 memo to Jim  Free,
the aviation authority's senior director of finance and administration.  The
memo mentions the Black Caucus meeting but does not say whether the money  was
for a fashion show or a dinner.

Asked why he did not provide more details in the memo, Bean replied, "If I  had
known some damn reporter was going to come around asking about it, I would  have
given (Free) an eight-page memo."

Bean said he doesn't usually question board members when they ask for a  check
to take a trip.

"They don't come to me and say, "I want your permission,' " he said. "I
wouldn't have any reason to ask her to go into any detail."

Most expenses in Joyner's four-day trip already have been accounted for.  The
Black Caucus does not charge registration fees for the seminars and issue
forums as a way of encouraging more people to attend. The authority separately
reimbursed Joyner for her hotel bills, taxi fares and airline tickets, which
totaled $ 1,353.

Stories in the Times have documented more than $ 25,000 in trips taken this
year by Joyner, often to meetings that had little apparent connection to
aviation. She has usually flown first class.

Joyner has said she was promoting the Tampa Bay area to groups that someday
might hold a meeting or convention here. But she also has said she no longer
thinks it's appropriate to fly first class and has appointed an Aviation
Authority member to draft a new travel rule.

Bean said there would be nothing wrong with Joyner's attending a  $
500-per-plate dinner. "It's a lot of money for a meal, but when you are  putting
on a nice function, $ 2,000 is not a hell of a lot of money," he said.

"My understanding is that participants were influential blacks," Bean  said. "I
would assume the purpose of the gathering is to give people an  opportunity to
rub shoulders with them."

Bean said he defines the Aviation Authority's mission very broadly and  feels
it's appropriate to promote the Tampa airport and try to influence
opinionmakers in Washington.

"I'm sure there were a hell of a lot of people there in addition to  Arthenia
that were there for networking," Bean said. "I believe lobbying is  an
appropriate use of authority money. If you're going to play in the game,  you've
got to be a player."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Arthenia Joyner

                            Times Publishing Company


                              563 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                             August 6, 2006 Sunday

The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C., Steve Ford column: Awaiting Decker's doleful
song

BYLINE: Steve Ford, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 18424 words


Aug. 6--Grasping for a smidgen of humor wherever we can find it, let's venture
to speculate how long it will take the hapless Michael Decker to find his way to
the newly minted N.C. Innocence Inquiry Commission.

Oh, we know there's a proviso meant to keep people who just got through telling
the world they were crooks from now trying to convince the commission they were
railroaded. They're supposed to wait for a couple of years or some such decent
interval.

But anyway, we're just joshing -- right?

Decker, as even little Tar Heel babies know by now, is the former state rep from
over near Winston-Salem who admits to having entered into a corrupt deal back in
2003 to change parties from Republican to Democrat and support a "particular
candidate" for speaker of the House.

Lo and behold, it was Democrat Jim Black who benefitted from this arrangement,
just when it appeared that the House had fallen into Republican hands and he
would have to surrender the keys to the speaker's office. With Decker's vote
pivotal, Black salvaged a gig as co-speaker -- the gig lasting until the GOPs
could be repulsed in the 2004 elections and he again could claim the office
outright.

Now Decker has pleaded guilty in federal court to a broad charge of conspiracy
involving extortion, mail fraud and money laundering. As framed by the U.S.
Attorney's Office in Raleigh, the crime hinged on Decker's solicitation of and
agreement to accept $50,000 and other things of value (his son wound up with a
legislative staff job) if he'd sign on with the Democrats.

By the prosecutors' account, the moolah didn't just dribble in. Decker is said
to have taken an envelope with about $38,000 in campaign checks and $12,000 in
cash. Sketching what's certain to be an enduring vignette, his lawyer said the
transaction took place at an International House of Pancakes in Salisbury. He
didn't name the other pancake-scarfer.

Black confirms he met Decker at the restaurant but says no money changed hands.
Investigators may be crawling all over his affairs, but the speaker has yet to
be charged with any wrongdoing and has admitted to none.

With the government getting Decker to confess to a plot that helped Black --
thereby opening himself to a possible five-year prison sentence and $250,000
fine -- will it be just a matter of time before Black also has to face the music
in federal court? Diligent prosecutors obviously would want to keep pushing if
they thought they could prove criminality on the part of one of North Carolina's
most powerful officials.

But the evidence still has to tell the tale, and considering what's been made
public, that evidence remains squishy as to whether Black broke the law.

There's not likely to be much dispute that at Black's instigation, a bunch of
money flowed toward Decker after the Republican back-bencher -- known as a
contact man for the religious right -- switched parties. Yet helping his allies
raise campaign funds has been a key to the loyalty Black enjoys in the
Democratic caucus and to his long-running stint in the speakership.

Already, Decker's campaign finance reports have been combed to disclose many
thousands in contributions from interest groups on whom Black has drawn heavily
-- video poker operators, chiropractors, his fellow optometrists. It's not
pretty as an illustration of the way influence and money are trafficked in the
General Assembly, especially by those at the top. You could say it's a scandal
hiding in plain sight. But whether the funneling of contributions to Decker
veered across the double-yellow into illegality is another question.

Cash payments, by contrast, are harder to explain. Decker says cash changed
hands; Black's lawyer says it didn't. What's the proof?

Decker, an underemployed schoolteacher, may have been hard-up for money when he
agreed to the switch. Since legislators could use campaign funds for personal
expenses -- a glaring ethics loophole finally closed in the legislative session
just ended -- campaign contributions theoretically could amount to payoffs. That
presumably would go to the motive and method of the alleged conspiracy.

It's perhaps curious, however, that prosecutors haven't specified a date on
which the fateful envelope with the 50 grand supposedly was passed. Don't they
think they know?

The government's technique here is familiar -- indict a subordinate player, or
get him to plead, and then squeeze him to incriminate a big fish. Decker's plea
agreement makes it clear that this fellow is being squeezed like nobody's
business. He's obliged to cooperate fully with investigators, and if he doesn't
they can throw the book at him. But if he sings, he'll be welcome to a corner
table at the IHOP -- as in "I Headed Off Prosecution."

Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060806-RA-0806-The-News-Observer-Raleigh-N-C-Steve-Ford-column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                              564 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 1, 1993, Saturday, Final Edition

King Community Center Reprieved in Arlington;
Fund Donates $ 2,000 to Prevent Eviction

Stephanie Griffith, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D4

LENGTH: 688 words


A South Arlington community center has received enough donations to avoid a
threatened eviction, but the center's troubles have highlighted its poor
financial management and lack of community support, county officials and
community leaders say.

The Martin Luther King Jr. Community Center, a private, nonprofit organization
that operates from a house in the predominantly black neighborhood of Nauck,
received a $ 2,000 grant yesterday from the Washington-based United Black Fund,
the center's primary sponsor.

The grant will allow the center -- which for almost 30 years has helped
residents of one of the suburbs' neediest areas find housing, drug abuse
counseling, food and furniture -- stay open beyond Monday, when the center was
to be evicted because it was five months behind in paying the rent. The center,
on South Kenmore Street, is just steps from South 24th Street and Shirlington
Road, a corner that in recent years has become known for drug activity and
occasional violent crimes.

For years, the center has struggled to make ends meet, its finances hampered by
a lack of community donations and by lax bookkeeping, community leaders said.

John Robinson, the center's director since its inception, acknowledged that the
financial management of the center hasn't been as strict as it should have been.
He said that in addition to organizing furniture and food drives, taking drug
and alcohol abusers to counseling programs, organizing youth activities and
helping people find housing, the center occasionally has given small amounts of
money to people in dire need.

"We've been so rushed putting out fires all the time, we haven't had time" to
keep track of all the money, said Robinson, who receives no salary and lives in
the center.

Robinson said the center has an annual budget of about $ 35,000, of which $
26,000 comes from the United Black Fund.

At the center yesterday, dozens of residents arrived throughout the day to help
themselves to free potatoes and bread donated by food banks and nonprofit
groups. One man said he was getting food for his father. A woman said she relied
on her weekly visits to the center to supplement her children's diet.

"People come here all the time, day and night," said Doris Jefferson, a longtime
Nauck resident and volunteer at the center. "I don't know what people would do
if we lost this place."

The center's most recent financial problems began in August, when the United
Black Fund began withholding a monthly stipend of $ 800 because the center had
not provided a detailed annual report of its spending, as required of all groups
that receive money from the fund, said Calvin Rolark, fund director. Eventually,
the center fell five months -- or $ 4,000 -- behind in rent.

Threatened with eviction, Robinson tried to raise the money in the community,
but he collected only about $ 2,000. Yesterday, Rolark said, his organization
agreed to provide the rest -- with a catch.

Rolark said the Arlington center would have to submit to an audit and more
financial oversight from the United Black Fund. "We plan to give it closer
oversight," Rolark said. "People who have good relationships with youth
sometimes aren't good [financial] managers."

But Rolark also accused Arlington's government and residents of not providing
enough financial assistance to the center.

"Unfortunately, the community in Arlington is not giving the kind of support
they should be giving," Rolark said. "We withheld our funds, but other funds did
not materialize."

County officials expressed satisfaction at the outcome yesterday, but they
defended their decision not to bail out the center.

"We're glad that a last-minute rescue has occurred, but we can't be all things
to all people," County Board Chairman James B. Hunter III (D) said, noting that
the county gave the center $ 5,000 three years ago and $ 2,000 in 1991.

Hunter said that if officials gave additional money to the King center, other
private community groups would ask for county assistance.

"I'd like to see more people volunteer to help with the financial and
administrative matters," he said.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, DIRECTOR JOHN ROBINSON CONCEDES THAT THE CENTER, WHICH HELPS
PEOPLE GET FOOD AND HOUSING, NEEDS BETTER FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT. FRANK JOHNSTON

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              565 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 6, 2006 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Gilded Age makes for rich reading

BYLINE: Deirdre Donahue

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 715 words


The Senator and the Socialite: The True Story of America's

First Black Dynasty

By Lawrence Otis Graham

HarperCollins, 456 pp., $27.95

Archie and Amelie: Love

and Madness in the Gilded Age

By Donna M. Lucey

Harmony, 339 pp., $25.95

When the Astors Owned

New York: Blue Bloods and Grand Hotels in a Gilded Age

By Justin Kaplan

Viking, 196 pp., $24.95

Three new books examine the outsized personalities that put the glitter in
America's Gilded Age. Coined by Mark Twain, the phrase captures that opulent,
post-Civil War period in American history when new-money titans lived lavishly
while the poor seethed.

*The Senator and the Socialite.

Lawrence Otis Graham, author of the best-selling Our Kind of People: Inside
America's Black Upper Class, is an expert on the black elite. Created by the
first black millionaires of the 1880s, this elite has its own social clubs,
traditions and vacation spots such as Oak Bluffs on Martha's Vineyard. Graham
draws on his expertise to chronicle the astonishing rise of Blanche Bruce, the
first black man to serve a full term in the U.S. Senate.

Born a slave in 1841, Bruce was an astute, driven businessman who became
Mississippi's Republican senator from 1874 to 1880. He amassed a fortune and
established himself as a Washington society figure with his marriage to a
light-skinned doctor's daughter from Philadelphia.

Graham cogently explains the treacherous post-Civil War political situation
facing Bruce: His power derived from his connections to white Republicans who
saw him as a conduit to black votes. But in placating whites, he could not truly
advocate for his people. The rise of the Ku Klux Klan and the return of white
Southern Democrats stripped blacks of political power after Reconstruction ended
in 1877. Graham captures the knife edge on which Bruce and other members of the
black elite sat.

Graham's real strength, however, is his intricate delineation of class, color,
culture and social climbing.

Sen. Bruce comes across as a 19th-century version of Joe Kennedy Sr. The
ex-slave was a pragmatist determined to give his son the benefits of money and
education. The press, meanwhile, dwelled on his wife's allure, making her the
Gilded Age's Jackie Kennedy.

Alas, the senator's descendants forgot that class and social position in the USA
must be backed up with cash.

Although the senator's son and grandchildren attended elite schools, money
problems and racism plagued them. The family would be disgraced when the
senator's grandson went to prison in 1937 for staging a robbery to hide his
embezzling.

Two years later,  the senator's son, a member of Phi Beta Kappa and a Harvard
grad, applied for welfare.

*Archie and Amelie.

Instead of color, class and political disenfranchisement, this tale explores
sex, scandal and mental illness in the Gilded Age.

Author Donna M. Lucey writes about the ill-fated but fascinating marriage
between Robert E. Lee's goddaughter, an impoverished Virginia aristocrat named
Amelie Rives, and Archie Astor, scion to a vast fortune.

Amelie comes across as a female variation on F. Scott Fitzgerald, with a touch
of Madonna thrown in. A talented and popular novelist, she was beautiful,
mesmerizing and manipulative. A master at publicity, she ensnared Astor only to
discover she had no taste for wifely duties.

Sensitive, intelligent and emotionally fragile, Astor was like the troubled
Zelda Fitzgerald. Both would appear in their spouses' novels. Astor's financial
plans would get him committed involuntarily by his powerful siblings to a mental
asylum for several years. Eccentric and probably bipolar, he remained devoted to
Amelie.

*When the Astors Owned New York.

Written by the Pulitzer Prize-winning author of Mr. Clemens and Mark Twain, this
book focuses on two Astor cousins, John Jacob Astor IV and William Waldorf
Astor. They feuded for years over social position, and the rivalry would spur
the building of luxurious hotels such as the original Waldorf-Astoria. Justin
Kaplan includes some social history and describes the men's lives. (At 47, Astor
IV went down on the Titanic; his cousin eventually became an English peer.)

But the book focuses an awful lot on fancy hotels and their significance.
Details about lavish lobbies and Manhattan locales can't trump tales of
political struggle, scandal, sex and madness.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, University of Virginia Library via Random House
PHOTO, B/W, Brown Brothers via Penguin Group
PHOTOS, B/W (3)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BOOK REVIEW

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 18, 1997, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

AUDIT REVEALS PROBLEMS WITH RECORD KEEPING

BYLINE: Margaret Gillerman; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: ZONE NORTH, Pg. 01

LENGTH: 429 words


An audit of Black Jack by the state has uncovered some problems in bookkeeping
and bond procedures in the municipal court.

Most of the criticisms involved accounting records and internal controls.

State Auditor Margaret Kelly indicated that the problems were typical.

"In the vast majority of the municipal courts we audit, there is a need to
improve record keeping and accountability," Kelly said. "Our recommendations are
designed to help the courts accomplish this goal."

Frank Ybarra, a spokesman for Kelly, emphasized that "the kinds of problems in
the Black Jack municipal court division are very similar to problems found in
nearly every municipal division in St. Louis County."

No criminal wrongdoing was found.

The audit, released Sept. 10, covered two years, ending June 30. The problems
cited in the audit were in three areas.

One was the handling of money collected by the court. The court collects fines
and court costs related to traffic and parking offenses and other municipal
violations. It also handles cash bonds.

The state audit criticized Black Jack for assigning the same person to collect
money and to record those transactions. The audit called for independent reviews
and suggested that more than one person oversee the money. City officials said,
however, that Black Jack had a limited staff. However, they pledged to review
the procedures.

The audit also criticized Black Jack for not depositing money quickly enough.
Since the audit, officials have changed procedures and made improvements.

Another point was municipal-court procedures. The audit said that not all cases
were listed on the court docket and that the judge did not always record what
happened to the cases. The court has started to do this.

In addition, Black Jack did not pay the state a portion of Crime Victims'
Compensation fees from October of 1996 until June. In June, the municipality
paid the full amount owed.

The municipal court also failed to charge the $ 1 domestic violence fee on all
applicable cases, according to the audit. That also has been paid.

The third point was bond procedures. The audit says that receipts weren't
deposited quickly enough, record keeping wasn't complete and two bonds were not
deposited. That has been corrected, city officials say.

The court handled about $ 66,000 in the year ended June 30 and about $ 76,000
the year before, the state says.

The state routinely audits municipal courts every three to four years. City
officials asked for this audit after Black Jack changed court clerks.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              567 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                           December 30, 2005, Friday

Letters to the Editor

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 324 words


Black's money buys loyalty

EDITOR: It's incredible but predictable that state Rep. Thomas Wright finds no
wrong with House Speaker Jim Black's escapades of corruption.

Black has raised tons of money by offering his favors and his office to special
interests. Black, in turn, puts some of his funds into local House races
currying the winner's vote when Black runs for the speakership every two years.

Wright is beholden to Black. Black backs Wright. Black appoints Wright to key
leadership roles in the House. ...

When a politician buys another politician's vote through campaign funds or a key
appointment, then we have a master-servant relationship. It's voluntary, much as
a prostitute sells herself for money.

It is well past time for our local representative to stand up and denounce
Black's questionable activities.

Black's misconduct is already a matter of record. ... He has established funding
sources for a job for a defeated politico who changed parties briefly to support
Black for speaker. He has money falling out of his campaign chest from video
poker and lottery backers.

It's time ... to stand up for our community, not a corrupt machine. ...

Jerry Hodnett

Wilmington


The power's his

EDITOR: Still trying to get Bush. Bush hasn't broken the law tapping overseas
calls. Executive Order 12333 gives him the authority, along with the
Constitution.

On November 7, 1982, in an article in The New York Times, "Court says U.S. Spy
Agency can tap overseas calls." Feb. 9, 1995, the attorney general is authorized
to approve physical searches without a court order. It didn't stop there.

They could also use classified electronic surveillance techniques such as
infrared sensors to look in homes and observe people in their homes.

If you want to talk impeachment, maybe we should talk expulsion from the House
and Senate for aiding and abetting the enemy.

Sharon O'Quinn

Wilmington



LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              568 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           February 8, 2007 Thursday
                                National Edition

Evidence of Amiel's spending allowed: Amiel 'has sometimes been a lightning rod
of controversy'

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 438  words


U.S. prosecutors pursuing fraud charges against Conrad Black have won a mixed
legal victory after a judge ruled she will allow evidence about Barbara Amiel
Black's spending habits to be brought before a jury, but decided against linking
several other items from the former press baron's background to the present
case.

Judge Amy St. Eve, of the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of
Illinois, has ruled that jurors can hear evidence about Ms. Amiel Black's
shopping excursions, noting that Lord Black can use jury selection in Chicago
the week of March 14 to ease concerns "about a juror's advanced feelings
regarding Mrs. Black."

The U.S. prosecutor claims nearly US$30,000 of Hollinger International's money
was used to pay for "summer drinks," handbags and opera tickets for the Blacks,
and argues the evidence is "inextricably intertwined" with a charge that Lord
Black abused company perks.

U.S. law permits evidence of "other crimes, wrongs or acts" that are not part of
an indictment to be introduced if they are "inextricably intertwined" with the
alleged criminal acts.

Lord Black faces charges of fraud, racketeering, money laundering and
obstruction of justice. In an indictment in late 2005, prosecutors alleged Lord
Black and other former executives of Hollinger International Inc. diverted more
than $80-million in bonuses to themselves, disguised as non-compete payments
linked to newspaper sales.

Lord Black is also accused of abusing company perks while at the helm of
Hollinger, including using a corporate jet to fly him and his wife to the French
Polynesian island of Bora Bora for a vacation.

None of the allegations has been proven in court.

In the ruling issued yesterday, Judge St. Eve deemed Lord Black's argument
"unpersuasive" that the new evidence is unduly prejudicial because Mrs. Amiel
Black "has sometimes been a lightning rod of controversy."

The jury will also be permitted to hear evidence that Lord Black allegedly
posted an anonymous explanation of Hollinger's stock price performance in an
Internet chat room.

He has contended the government has no proof he posted the message on a Yahoo
message board, but Judge St. Eve ruled there is sufficient circumstantial
evidence to allow the matter to be heard at trial.

However, prosecutors will not be allowed to present evidence of an alleged
trading scheme to prop up the stock price of Hollinger International in 1998, or
of Lord Black's purchase of FDR artifacts using company money.

Also off the table for U.S. prosecutors is a run-in Lord Black had with the U.S.
Securities and Exchange Commission in 1982 in connection with a mining company.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo : Teresa Barbieri For Maclean's; Barbara Amiel
Black and Conrad Black attend a party for Maclean's magazine in 2005. A judge
ruled yesterday that jurors will be allowed to hear evidence about Amiel Black's
shopping excursions. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            November 28, 2004 Sunday

In Washington, it's only money; Daschle spent the most to lose, $17.4 million

BYLINE: MARY RAE BRAGG

SECTION: Tristate; Pg. a18

LENGTH: 765 words


It's no wonder federal lawmakers don't have a problem with raising the national
debt limit by $800 billion, as they did earlier this month.

These are people who regularly spend millions of dollars to get re-elected to
positions that pay in the neighborhood of $150,000 annually. Who else but
politicians would see nothing weird or suspect about that?

Speaking of weird, a report by the Center for Responsive Politics said the most
money spent in a losing effort on Nov. 2 was in South Dakota, where Tom Daschle,
the Senate Democratic leader, spent $17.4 million. Daschle's opponent and the
election winner, Republican John Thune, spent "only" $10.3 million.

Granted, South Dakota is mostly barren tundra, but for two men to collect and
spend $27.7 million in order to live somewhere else for four years is truly
mind-boggling.

Of course, Sen. Chuck Grassley, R-Iowa, spent $5.6 million to win another term,
Sen. Russ Feingold, D-Wis., spent $10 million, and Sen.-elect Barack Obama,
D-Ill., spent $12.5 million, so it's not just South Dakotans who yearn to go
east.

According to the Center, it was Blair Hull, of Illinois, who spent more personal
funds than any other candidate during the 2004 election cycle. Hull put $28.7
million of his own money into his race for the Democratic primary, and still
couldn't beat Obama.

*

Wisconsin state Rep. Spencer Black, D-Madison, last week announced he will try
to cut the number of Wisconsin General Assembly committees by more than half.

The Assembly currently has 43 standing committees, including three budget
committees, three education committees, six business committees, two for
transportation and three for health.

"There are even two separate reform committees, neither of which has reformed a
thing," Black said.

The Wisconsin state Senate, Black noted, deals with the same bills as the
Assembly and does so with just 16 committees.

Black proposes limiting the number of Assembly committees to 20.

He last tried without success to limit the committees 10 years ago, but he said
it is even more important to restrict the number now, with major service cuts
threatened as a result of the budget deficit.

"The sole purpose of having so many Assembly committees is to try to justify
spending taxpayer money on excessive partisan staff," Black said. "Taxpayers
have the right to expect that legislators will cut waste in their own operations
before they make taxpayers pay more or cut vital services."

*

The Hawaii Legislature this fall passed a law allowing its residents to take
opium-based drugs for chronic pain.

"The Pain Patient's Bill of Rights gives anyone tormented by sever acute or
chronic pain the legal right to effective treatment, including opiates if
prescribed by a physician," reports State Legislatures magazine.

The law is seen as a response to what lawmakers say is an ongoing debate in that
state between assisted suicide opponents and proponents of "death with dignity."
It allows doctors who do not prescribe opiates to refer patients to physicians
who specialize in pain management.

The law also instructs the state's board of medical examiners to establish pain
management guidelines.

*

Hoping to dissuade consumers from purchasing fake Christmas trees, the National
Christmas Tree Association points out the ecological benefits of real trees.

While they are growing, the trees stabilize the soil and provide homes for
wildlife, the tree growers note, and 93 percent of tree-buyers surveyed for the
association said they recycle their trees.

According to an item in the December issue of State Legislatures, states are
coming up with more ways to use the discarded trees than just chopping them up
for mulch.

Louisiana uses them for underwater fences along barge canals. Michigan puts them
on frozen lakes as guides for snowmobilers and when spring comes, the trees
making underwater feeding areas for fish. In Texas, they are used to create
dunes that protect beaches from erosion.

*

State Legislatures also notes that Illinois this year became one of the few
states requiring annual inspections of bottled-water plants and water sample
tests.

The idea is to keep unscrupulous entrepreneurs from selling tap water at
designer prices, a not-unreasonable concern. Indeed, experts estimate 25-30
percent of U.S. bottled water comes from municipal sources.

Not that the city water works is a bad place, since, according to the Natural
Resources Defense Council, standards for city tap water are higher than federal
standards for bottled water.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              570 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 24, 2004, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

African-American investors catching up

BYLINE: Sandra Block

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 385 words

The percentage of African-Americans with money invested in stocks and mutual
funds jumped to 68% this year from 61% in 2003, but most black investors believe
real estate is the best overall investment, according to a survey released
Wednesday.

The percentage of white investors with money in the stock market was 80%, a
level that has remained steady since the Ariel Mutual Funds/Charles Schwab
survey was launched in 1998.

But 51% of white investors said they also believe real estate is the best
overall investment. This marked the first year the majority of black and white
investors said they favored real estate over other investments.


Ariel President Mellody Hobson said last year's stock market turnaround
triggered the increase in black investors. "When the markets start to do better,
people get more enthusiastic," she says.

In 2003, the Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 26.4%, ending a three-year
bear market.

The survey found that 41% of blacks who don't own stocks or mutual funds are
"somewhat" or "very likely" to start investing next year, vs. 28% for whites.

The preference for real estate isn't surprising, given the rise in home values
and increase in homeownership, Hobson says. But at a time when rising interest
rates could dampen home values, the trend is worrisome, says Schwab Vice
President Carla Foster.

Real estate "can be an important part of a total investment portfolio, but it
shouldn't be the only part," she says. "Real estate is cyclical."

Other findings in the survey:

 * About 30% of blacks, vs. 15% of whites, believe knowing how to time the
market is more important than regular, disciplined investing. That notion caused
many African-Americans to wait too long to get back into the market and miss
some of last year's big gains, Hobson says.

 * 28% of blacks cited stocks or mutual funds as the best investment overall,
vs. 38% of whites.

 * Black investors continue to lag behind white investors in saving for
retirement. The median amount in African-Americans' retirement plans is $
41,300, vs. $ 65,600 for whites. Only 20% of blacks who invest in retirement
plans had more than $ 100,000 in savings, vs. 37% of whites.

The survey of 500 families earning more than $ 50,000 a year was conducted in
February and March.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source: Ariel Mutual
Funds/Charles Schwab Black Investor Survey of 500 African-American adults with a
household income of a t least $50, 000 (BAR GRAPH)

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              571 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 11, 1995, Monday, City Edition

Couple call luxury home 'money pit'

BYLINE: JEFFREY BRAINARD

SECTION: CITRUS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1601 words

DATELINE: INVERNESS



Angelina Randolph just wanted a dream vacation home in Florida. It would be a
getaway for her and her husband, Jackson, the busy chief executive of a large
utility in Ohio.

With means to match, the Randolphs ended up with no mere cottage: They  chose to
build in the Black Diamond golf community, which Mrs. Randolph  discovered after
visiting her daughter, who lives nearby in Lecanto.

The fact that Black Diamond is the top-ranked golf course in Florida also  was a
big draw for the couple.

What Mrs. Randolph didn't bargain for was a project plagued with delays and
problems that lasted four years. Or a general contractor who authorities say
did not account for at least $ 30,000 Mrs. Randolph paid him before he left
town.

The contractor last month pleaded no contest to perjury. Michael W.  Russell,
principal of Raider Group Inc., was charged with falsely swearing he  had paid
subcontractors on the project so he could get paid himself.

"I just thought this was a paradise where my husband and I could go to  play
golf," Mrs. Randolph said last week from her home in Cincinnati.

"We wanted to play golf and live happily ever after. It turned out to be
strictly a nightmare."

By the time the Randolphs' house was finished last fall, they had hired  Black
Diamond's in-house contractor, who they say still did not complete all  the
work, and other subcontractors.

The Randolphs' attorney says the couple spent $ 143,000 more building the  house
than the $ 561,000 they originally agreed on.

Mrs. Randolph would like to recover that extra money, but it isn't yet  clear if
she can. All of this has led her to dub the house "the money pit."

She said her experience was especially startling given that Black Diamond  is
billed as the most exclusive subdivision in Citrus County.

Raider Group was one of three outside builders Black Diamond had designated  to
build homes in the subdivision. People building new homes have to use one  of
the three or the development's own Black Diamond Construction Inc.

It's not unheard of for contractors to walk off jobs with money unaccounted
for; in Citrus, such charges have been leveled about 30 times since 1987, said
county Building Inspector Larry Vitt.

What's unusual about this house, besides its tony location, is its size and  the
amount of money involved.

In addition, the episode illustrates how Florida's lien laws can put  homeowners
at a loss. Consumer advocates have said the law secures the rights  of
contractors at the expense of homeowners unless they are familiar with the  law.

Except for not adequately protecting herself against liens, "This lady did  all
the right things and still ended up with one nasty experience," Vitt  said.

For his part, Russell said the dispute with the Randolphs was a big
misunderstanding and that he didn't abscond with their money.

Stan Olsen, developer of Black Diamond, said Russell's company had a good
reputation and had successfully built other houses in Black Diamond before it
went astray on the Randolph house.

"People don't set out to be dishonest, but under pressure, they do things
dishonestly," Olsen said of Russell. He said Black Diamond couldn't prevent
that.

"It's difficult to evaluate builders ahead of time. We'll continue to do  the
best we can."  Money, construction woes

   Charmed by Black Diamond, the Randolphs signed up to build their dream  house
in 1991.

Black Diamond restricts who can build in the subdivision to maintain  standards
of quality in housing, Olsen said. The Randolphs picked Raider Group  because
they liked the smooth exterior finish of the model home Russell had  built in
Black Diamond.

Their home was to have four bedrooms, three bathrooms and 6,132 square feet  of
living space.

Raider Group had built at least three other houses in Black Diamond, which  now
has about 160 homes. (Most of the homes, about 100 so-called golf  cottages,
have been built by Black Diamond Construction.) In 13 years, Raider  had no
previous charges against it in Citrus County.

But Mrs. Randolph said she grew suspicious on a visit during construction,  when
a subcontractor asked her for lunch money. He said Russell hadn't paid  him in
six weeks. Then the Randolphs started receiving liens against the home.

The house still wasn't complete by September 1992, after the Randolphs  estimate
they had paid $ 579,000 to Russell and subcontractors directly to  settle liens.
At Olsen's suggestion, they fired Russell.

They discovered problems with the construction.

Pieces of the roof were falling off. The wrong kind of windows were used. A
black stain appeared in the pool liner.

The home's foundation had not gotten the required termite treatment. Some  walls
had to be ripped out where the outlines of plumbing conduits were  bulging
through.

And although plans called for a winding, circular staircase to be the  house's
centerpiece, a cheaper one was installed.

"You can have a few people (subcontractors) not do their jobs. But this  was
what I was paying him (Russell) for, to supervise them," she said.

A warrant was eventually issued for Russell's arrest, but he moved to  Lakeland
and wasn't picked up there until late 1994.

Russell pleaded no contest last month to two counts of perjury and was
sentenced to pay a $ 250 fine and serve five years of probation.

He received the same sentence in an unrelated case involving a house he  built
for an Inverness couple. He was ordered last month to pay them $ 13,776
restitution.

A judge has yet to decide what, if any, restitution Russell owes the  Randolphs.

A report by Building Inspector Vitt could not account for $ 30,000 of the  money
the Randolphs paid Russell.

The Randolphs say the amount is larger, although they have not determined  an
exact amount.

Meanwhile, Vitt has referred Russell's contractor's license to state
authorities for revocation. But Russell said he has shut down Raider Corp. and
is leaving the contracting business.

The Randolphs' attorney, Garry Adel of Ocala, has sued Raider Corp. Russell  had
a contractor's insurance policy, but it is unclear what, if anything, it  will
cover.

Russell denied Mrs. Randolph's charges in a telephone interview last week.

He said the project's problems arose because Mrs. Randolph changed details  of
the plan during construction, thus delaying the job. He had ordered some
supplies before he was authorized to be paid for them, and the delays caught
him in a bind, he said.

In fact, Russell denies any wrongdoing and insists he has records to show  that
all money the Randolphs paid him was spent on the house.

He said he pleaded no contest to the charges because the project sapped his
business of money and because "it was the easiest way to get it behind me. I
have to go on with my life."

Mrs. Randolph insists that if Russell were properly supervising the job,  the
construction would have proceeded smoothly and properly.  Buyer beware

  Although people may not be able to avoid problems with unscrupulous
contractors, Adel noted that owners can take precautions.

It helps to be familiar with the state's mechanic lien laws, which he  called
"the most arcane, convoluted set of laws outside of anything produced  by the
IRS."

To make sure a general contractor pays subcontractors, an owner can require
subcontractors to sign lien waivers before the owner pays the general
contractor. The subcontractors could sign the waivers as a condition of  getting
paid; the waivers would prevent the subcontractors from attaching  liens on the
house later.

Attempts to reform the lien laws in recent years have failed.

"The problem is that when the Legislature convenes to write these laws,  they
get input from general contractors and subcontractors, and those people  are
protected," Adel said. "They don't get input from the largest group of  their
constituents, the homeowners."  Another builder steps in

   Olsen said his staff checked out Russell's qualifications before making him
an approved builder for Black Diamond - including checking the quality of  other
homes Russell had built in Citrus Hills and Citrus Springs.

Out of a desire to please an unhappy customer, Olsen got involved in 1992  and
tried to help the Randolphs. He offered to have his Black Diamond  Construction
Co. complete all the unfinished work with no profit charged, and  the Randolphs
agreed.

The Randolphs signed a contract for $ 130,000. The work was supposed to be
substantially completed in three to four months.

But by October 1993, when the county issued a certificate of occupancy,  Mrs.
Randolph says the house still needed work, including on landscaping,  plumbing
and electrical systems.

She opted to contract out some remaining work herself, and paid Black  Diamond
only $ 100,000.

"We had to pay and pay and pay to get this house built," she said.

With change orders that were necessary to complete the job, the total bill  came
to about $ 160,000, according to Olsen. Mrs. Randolph proved to be a
detail-oriented customer who was tough to satisfy.

"It's a subjective area. What is "finished'?" he said. "We did  everything we
said we would do."

The house was finally finished to Mrs. Randolph's satisfaction last
Thanksgiving. But she says she and her husband still haven't had time to use  it
much.

After all the effort to build it, if anyone wants to buy it - say, for  $
1.2-million - "We'd be happy to talk with them," she joked.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITRUS TIMES

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, STEVE HASEL; Angelina and Jackson Randolph's Inverness
home

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              572 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                 June 18, 1992

BLACK PUTS FAITH IN BANKRUPT TABLOID

BYLINE: MARK TRAN IN NEW YORK

SECTION: CITY; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 412 words


MORT Zuckerman, the property developer and publisher, will today discuss his
proposal for the Daily News, the ailing New York tabloid that was formerly part
of the Maxwell empire.

Mr Zuckerman is vying with Conrad Black, the Canadian media magnate, who owns
the Daily Telegraph, for ownership of the Daily News. Complicating the takeover
battle are allegations by administrators of Robert Maxwell's interests that he
used the News as a conduit for millions of dollars in fund transfers to other
destinations. The newspaper maintains "the money was never the debtor's
property, and therefore there was not true loan, and therefore the Daily News
does not owe them money back," said the attorney, Marc Kirschner. Spokesmen for
Mr Black and Mr Zuckerman have declined to discuss the effect of potential
claims.

In the tussle for ownership of the bankrupt News, which carries a debt of $ 52
million, Mr Black appears to have the inside track. He has told union leaders
that he will build a $ 225 million printing plant if he buys the paper to
replace the News's antiquated printing operation with colour presses.

In return, the unions will have to agree to 500 jobs cuts or more from the
present staff of 2,000. Sixteen months ago, Robert Maxwell made the same
promises and persuaded the unions to give him similar cuts (from 2,900, to
2,100). Like Mr Maxwell before him, Mr Black believes that the Daily News can
make money despite the historical evidence - the paper made $ 150,000 in May, a
modest sum but much better than the $ 1 million loss it was incurring earlier
this year.

The future does not look promising for New York's newspapers. Recent figures
show that 300,000 fewer newspapers were sold each day in New York City than two
years ago. For the News, circulation has dropped in that period from 1,180,139
to 781,796 as of March 1992. The New York Times and Newsday registered some
gains, but nowhere nearly enough to offset the huge defections.

With circulation falling, the expectations are that if Mr Black wins ownership
of the News and cuts staff along the lines of his proposal, New York's other
papers will seek similar concessions from their unions.

- Bankers to Maxwell Communication Corporation yesterday met representatives of
the US merchant bank J P Morgan in London to consider the options it has drawn
up for its key US assets, Official Airlines Guide and Macmillan. These include
their reflotation as a single unit.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              573 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 August 5, 1988, Friday, North Suncoast Edition

GOP speaker upset with prepared text

SECTION: NATIONAL; CAMPAIGN 88; CAMPAIGN DIGEST; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 734 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE; PHILADELPHIA, Miss.; CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas; WASHINGTON;
SACRAMENTO, Calif.



BALTIMORE - A Maryland Republican candidate for the U.S. Senate who was
slated to speak at the Republican National Convention said Wednesday he    is
offended by the text of a speech sent to him by the Bush campaign    and is
disturbed by reports that the speech will not be aired in prime    time as he
had expected. Alan L. Keyes said he has written to the    campaign, objecting
particularly to the opening line of the proposed    text that reads: "I am a
black man who happens to be a Republican."

 The camera, Keyes said, would adequately convey that he is black. "I    got the
feeling they wanted me to stand up there as if I were a black    talking to
blacks," Keyes said. "I will be speaking as an American to    all Americans."



 Dukakis campaigns    in Mississippi

 PHILADELPHIA, Miss. - Michael Dukakis campaigned in rural Mississippi    on
Thursday and said his promise of economic change would deliver    opportunity to
all, "no matter who they are or where they come from or    what the color of
their skin." Visiting near one of the civil rights    battlegrounds of the
1960s, the Democratic presidential nominee made    only brief reference to that
struggle for equality for blacks. But he    did say, "Here in Mississippi, you
know the importance of equal rights    and civil rights. Today I say to all
Americans - not just in Neshoba    County but all over America - we've got to
work together, we've got to    work together to bring down the barriers to
opportunity for all our    people."



 Bush attacks Dukakis' policy

 CORPUS CHRISTI, Texas - Republican George Bush said Thursday that    Michael
Dukakis' views on foreign policy would amount to "unilateral    disarmament" and
called the Democratic platform "the black hole of    American politics."
Speaking to the G.I. Forum, a Hispanic veterans'    group, the Republican
nominee-to-be said Dukakis had "veered far    outside the mainstream" bipartisan
consensus formed after World War II    - a consensus that believed "it was
America and only America that    could lead the world to freedom and peace. ...
His positions ... amount    to a rejection of America's role as a world leader
and a repudiation of    the Truman doctrine and the vision of John Kennedy,"
Bush said.



 GOP delegates are conservatives

 WASHINGTON - Conservative Republican activists released a survey    Thursday
saying that nearly two-thirds of the GOP convention delegates    they questioned
classify themselves as conservatives. One-third of    those polled by mail by
the American Conservative Union Foundation    described themselves as moderates.

 A scant one-fifth of 1 percent owned    up to being liberals.



 Group wants rules on 'soft money'

 WASHINGTON - Common Cause asked a federal court Thursday to close what    it
says is a loophole that allows presidential campaigns to benefit    from
millions of dollars in indirect contributions from "fat cats."

 However, Fred Wertheimer, president of the group which lobbies for    strict
government ethics, acknowledged that little more than "moral    force" could be
exerted this year to keep the presidential campaigns    from using so-called
"soft money." Republicans and Democrats have    said they plan to raise about $
67-million in "soft money" for the    1988 presidential campaigns, which are
limited to receiving equal    funding from the federal Treasury. The "soft money
" is donated to    state parties, which can use it to pay for voter registration
and    get-out-the-vote drives as well as other activities that could have an
effect on the presidential election.



 Deukmejian says he can't be vp

 SACRAMENTO, Calif. - California Gov. George Deukmejian said Thursday    in a
letter to Republican George Bush that he "cannot be considered"    for the vice
presidency because winning that election would mean    handing over the state's
governorship to a Democrat. Kevin Brett,    Deukmejian's press secretary, said
the governor sent the letter to Bush    from Seoul, Korea, the final stop in
Deukmejian's two-week trade    mission to the Far East.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              574 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Weatherford Democrat (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 23, 2009 Monday

BRIEF: Sentencing for Black delayed again

BYLINE: Phil Riddle, Weatherford Democrat, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


Feb. 23--Admitted swindler Oscar Black has had his sentencing delayed once
again.

This time, according to documents from the United State District Court of North
Texas, Black is seeking an itemized list of assets and the money received from
their liquidation.

Black claims he is seeking an accounting for more than $5 million of inventory
and assets seized when his cattle operation went under.

Black, who has admitted to using money from local investors to try to keep his
foundering cattle operation in business, was to have been sentenced Feb. 17.

However, on Feb. 6, U.S. District Judge Sam Lindsey approved a motion seeking
documentation to clarify Black's financial standing.

The documents being sought, according to Black's attorney Tim Evans, who filed
the motion, will not affect the sentencing, but could significantly change
Black's ability to pay restitution to victims.

In asking Lindsey for the subpoena, Evans said an accounting is necessary.

Without documentation, "It will be impossible to know how much restitution
should be, and more importantly, how much money might be available to repay
victims," he wrote.

Black's sentencing has not been rescheduled.

To see more of the Weatherford Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.weatherforddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Weatherford Democrat,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090223-ZQ-BRF-Sentencing-for-Black-delayed-again-0223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              575 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 27, 1981, Sunday, Final Edition

GOP Woos Blacks in Pr. George's;
Pr. George's Black Mull Joining GOP

BYLINE: By Leon Wynter and Michel McQueen, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: Metro; B1

LENGTH: 915 words


Alan Levey, the eternally optimistic head of the Maryland Republican party,
predicts GOP money plus appealing black candidates could add up to gains for
both Maryland minorities at the polls next year, but so far he's had limited
success in selling that political equation.

In Prince George's County and in Baltimore, Levey said, population shifts are
providing both blacks and Republicans an opportunity to win some offices now
held by white Democrats.

Redistricting plans currently under consideration would create two black
-majority state legislative districts in Prince George's and would leave
Democrat Steny Hoyer seeking re-election in a congressional district with 40
percent minority voters. Levey said black candidates could win all three of
those posts, and, if those blacks were Republicans, his party could break into
the all-Democratic Prince George's legislative delegation and pick up another
seat in the U.S. House of Representatives.

To that end, state Republicans have been negotiating with the Rev. Perry Smith,
a prominent black Prince George's minister, who has already been laying the
groundwork for a challenge to Hoyer. Smith is a Democrat, but Republicans would
like to see him make that race on the GOP ticket.

After three weeks of overtures, including pledges of substantial GOP financial
support for a congressional campaign, Smith, pastor of the First Baptist Church
of North Brentwood, said he is encouraged but not ready to join the party of
Lincoln just yet.

His reticence is an example of the uphill battle the Maryland Republican party
faces in convincing blacks that it is serious about them. Even Levey, tantalized
by the possibility of a successful black/Republican coalition, acknowledged that
in the past "there has never been much opportunity for blacks to get ahead in
the Repubican party in Maryland.  We have to show blacks that we want them as
Republicans and we'll help them get elected."

Perhaps the best known black Republican in Maryland was Dr. Aris T. Allen, an
Annapolis physician and one-time state senator who gained national prominence at
the 1980 Republican National Convention.

Allen recently resigned from the state Senate to become director of the health
standards and quality bureau in the Health Care Financing Administration of the
Department of Health and Human Services. Allen declined comment on the future of
blacks in Maryland's Republican party, citing the legal prohibitions against
partisan political activity by federal employes.

Barbara Anderson, chairman of the county's Republican central committee also
talked to Smith last Friday about running as a Republican. "The central
committee has a policy of not endorsing candidates before the primary, but we
would certainly welcome him into the party," Anderson said.

"It's not that we're pinpointing black candidates; we're encouraging them. There
is a sizable number of black candidates among the county's 55,000 Republicans.
Certainly the majority are white, as the majority of the county is white, but we
do have a number of black Republicans who are quite active."

Gary Alexander, chairman of the county's Democratic central committee, said his
group also takes no position on individual candidates. Alexander also said that
the promise of Republican money for candidates is not enough to win them over.

"To me, there is much more involved. There are fundemental differences in
principles between what the parties stand for," he said. "I can't see the people
of Prince George's doing anything but supporting the Democratic party."

Nevertheless, Smith said there is a "strong possibility" that he will switch his
party affiliation. He added that he is looking for more than just assurances of
financial backing.

Radamase Cabrera, Smith's campagin strategist, was more direct.

"Even if they opened up the suitcase today, we wouldn't take the money just yet.
If we are going to become Republicans, we want to have the rights and
responsibilities of any Republican, black or white, including the access to
influence the Republican ideology," Cabrera said.

State Sen. Tommie Broadwater, a veteran of the Prince George's Democratic
organization and the only black among the county's eight state senators, scoffed
at the idea that black faces backed by Republican money could defeat Democratic
incumbents.

Voter registration is a concern for Levey in a county where registered Democrats
outnumber Republicans three to one. Though many blacks in the county are
registered Democrats, Levey said there is room for Republican gains among that
population.

Besides Smith, a number of black Republicans with an interest in running for
office in 1982 have emerged. They include Prince George's County Executive
Lawrence J. Hogan staffer Wilbert Wilson, expected to run for state Senate or
county council; former NAACP president Sylvester Vaughns; Joseph Parker, a
schoolteacher who ran an unexpectedly close race against Broadwater for the 25th
District Senate seat in 1978; and James Whitehead Jr., a 24-year-old staff
assistant to U.S. Rep. Jack Kemp (R-N.Y.).

Although Levey does not expect black Republican candidates to support Reagan's
policies when Prince George's federal workers face a serious threat of layoffs,
he said this remains the year for Republicans to make a serious bid for black
support.

"Until two years ago, the Republicans at the state party level just hoped blacks
wouldn't vote," he said. "That's not a good idea anymore."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              576 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 6, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Poll finds races still divided on Simpson

BYLINE: Richard Price

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 296 words


Blacks and whites polled Wednesday remain sharply divided over
the O.J. Simpson case, but do agree that justice has not been
served.

After a civil jury's verdict Tuesday holding Simpson liable for
knifing Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman, a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
Poll found that 59% of whites and 68% of blacks are dissatisfied
with the case as a whole.

Blacks tend to believe Simpson was unfairly punished by a second
trial that already has awarded plaintiffs $ 8.5 million in compensatory
damages.

Whites tend to believe he was not punished enough. A majority
think he should have been sent to prison after his 1995 criminal
trial.

The two races split decisively on which trial was more just. Wednesday's
poll of 400 adults found that 74% of whites agreed with the civil
verdict. Among blacks, 26% agreed.

After the criminal trial, 78% of blacks agreed with the verdict
and 42% of whites.

The races also flip-flopped on whether race was a factor. After
the criminal trial, where the jury was predominantly black, 55%
of whites thought race was a significant factor; 32% of blacks
agreed.

In the civil case, with a predominantly white jury, 56% of blacks
think race was an issue; 21% of whites. Other results:

-- 75% of whites think Simpson committed the crimes, up two points
since the criminal trial; 61% of blacks think he's innocent, up
three points.

-- 76% of whites think the families who sued Simpson were motivated
by justice, not money. Blacks are more divided; 45% say money
was the motive, 36% say justice.

The trial resumes this morning with the punitive stage, where
jurors will decide how much in damages to award the estates of
Ron Goldman and Nicole Brown Simpson as punishment for the killings.

LOAD-DATE: February 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              577 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           January 26, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Police seek ties among business robberies;
Investigators ask for information about 10 crimes

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 584 words


DURHAM -- Police are asking for information about several business robberies
that have occurred in the past five nights. Investigators are trying to
determine if any of these robberies have been committed by the same people.

Here are the cases:

* Sunday, 8:20 p.m. at Subway, 121 Sherron Road -- A male wearing a white hooded
sweatshirt and a blue bandanna over his face entered the business, implied he
had a gun and demanded money. The suspect was described as a black male,
5-foot-9 to 5-11 and 185-200 pounds.

* Sunday, 11:22 p.m. at McDonald's, 102 W. Morgan St. -- Two males armed with
guns and wearing dark clothing and bandannas over their faces entered the
restaurant and robbed the business and employees. The males forced the employees
into the freezer and fled on foot.

* Monday, 9:56 p.m. at Burger King, 4829 Hope Valley Road -- Two males wearing
black clothing with masks on their faces entered the Burger King and demanded
money. They fled in a red vehicle, possibly an early 1990s model Toyota Celica.
One suspect was described as a black male, 5-foot-10 and 170 pounds. The second
suspect was described as a black male, 6-2, 200 pounds.

* Tuesday, 12:06 a.m. at Church's Chicken, 2540 Fayetteville St. -- Two males
wearing black hooded jackets confronted employees as they were leaving the
business and forced them back inside. The males fled on foot after robbing the
business and employees. One suspect was described as a black male, 6-1, 150-170
pounds. He was wearing red checked pajama pants. The second suspect was
described as 6-3 and thin.

* Wednesday, 12:54 a.m. at McDonald's on Tower Boulevard -- Two males wearing
black clothing and toboggans and armed with guns forced the manager back into
the business and fled with cash. Both suspects were described as tall, thin
black males.

* Wednesday, 2:56 a.m. at Kangaroo Express, 106 East N.C. 54 -- A male armed
with a gun robbed the cashier and fled. He was described as a black male, age
18-25, 5-8 to 5-10 and 160 pounds. He was wearing a gray hooded top and a dark
jacket.

* Wednesday, 6:30 p.m. at Subway, 2526 Erwin Road - A male entered the business,
pointed a gun at the cashier and demanded money. He was described as a black
male, 6 feet tall with a slim build. He was wearing a navy blue hoodie.

* Wednesday, 10:46 p.m. at Subway, 5300 N. Roxboro Road -- A male wearing a
hooded jacket entered the business and robbed it at gunpoint. The suspect was
described as a black male, 18-25, 5-10 with a medium build. He was wearing a
black and blue hooded jacket with a yellow stripe on the hood and across the
shoulders.

* Thursday, 8:35 p.m. at Great Clips, 1827 Martin Luther King Blvd. -- A male
entered the business and demanded money. He implied that he had a gun, but no
weapon was seen. He was described as a black male, age 40-50, 5-11 and 200-210
pounds. He had dark circles around his eyes and was wearing a black ball cap and
a black jacket with lots of pockets.

* Thursday, 10:04 p.m. at Bojangles, 5425 S. Miami Blvd. -- Two women were in
the drive-thru lane when a male walked up to their vehicle, pointed a long gun
at them and demanded their vehicle. The man fled in the vehicle, a black Hyundai
Tucson. The male was wearing a ski mask and dark clothing.

Anyone with information on any of these robberies is asked to call CrimeStoppers
at 683-1200. Durham CrimeStoppers is offering a reward of up to $5,000 for
information leading to arrests in the recent armed robberies and callers do not
have to identify themselves.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Durham Herald Co.


                              578 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  November 26, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

NEGRO LEAGUERS FINALLY WILL GET A CUT OF THE PIE

BYLINE: Lorraine Kee Montre

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1120 words

LORRAINE KEE MONTRE COLUMN


The manufacturers, merchandisers and bookmakers are making money off the aging
Negro Leagues baseball stars whose autographs, team logos and colorful stories
are in so much demand.

This is America, after all.

Unfortunately, only about 150 or so of the 2,600 Negro Leagues players are
living. Of those, many haven't profited from the proliferation of publicity and
popularity. Just as they were shut out of pro baseball long ago, they've been
shut out of most of the profits now.

Joe Black, an advocate for the former players, referred to some who have turned
a handsome profit at the expense of the Negro Leaguers when he said, "They
assume that these guys are old and black."

Black, 69, played for the Baltimore Elite Giants before pitching the Brooklyn
Dodgers to the 1952 World Series.

The former players are not aware of the legalities involved, Black said, noting
that many of the ballplayers passed up getting an education to play baseball.
"And when you're down and someone gives you a crust of bread from the table, you
feel grateful," he said.

At some card shows, Black said, the players get a cut of the balls they
autograph. But they're shut out when it comes to profits from the sale of
jackets, caps and other Negro Leagues merchandise.

Shut out, that is, until now.

Major League Baseball Properties, the marketing and licensing arm of baseball,
announced Nov. 12 that it will introduce a line of Negro Leagues merchandise
through more than 300 licensees.

So, next spring during the 125th anniversary of professional baseball, stores
across the country will stock their shelves with the line - everything from caps
to mugs, jackets to key chains, shirts to place mats.

MLB Properties will divert its royalty share, 8 to 10 percent for each item
sold, to benefit the black ballplayers and the legacy of their leagues.

"We're totally eating the administrative costs," said Leonard Coleman,
baseball's executive director of market development. Not coincidentally,
major-league baseball set up the licensing program and established the health
plan in May for former Negro Leaguers after Coleman came on board.

The licensing deal has three beneficiaries: the men who played in the Negro
Leagues up to 1947, the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum in Kansas City, and the
Jackie Robinson Foundation in New York.

"It's going directly back," Coleman said. "It's top-loaded for the players."
That means most of the profits will be shared by the players - most of them now
in their 70s, 80s or even 90s, some in ill health.

"Even though it's late," Black said, baseball is acknowledging the contributions
of the black ballplayers and the wrong that was done to them.  They will receive
an annual check.

Through the museum and foundation, the players' legacy will be perpetuated.

Don Motley, executive director of the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum, said the
fledgling organization could use the money. The museum opened its doors in
January 1991 in a building situated at 1601 East 18th Street in Kansas City, not
far from the Paseo YMCA where the Negro National Baseball League got its start
in 1920.

Yet, the museum hasn't had the money to develop 3,000 square feet of exhibit and
office space, and a gift shop. Officials also would like to set up a satellite
of the museum at the Harry S Truman Sports Complex in KC.  Either way, the
museum would fulfill its mission: preserving the players' legacy.

"This is lost history," Motley said.

As for the future, the money will be used to support the "legacy of Jackie
Robinson," a scholarship program through the 20-year-old foundation bearing his
name.

Betty Adams, the foundation's chief executive officer, said scholarship winners
must have shown academic excellence, leadership skills and a commitment to
community. Since 1974, about 360 young people have been awarded scholarships.

Some might say that baseball owes something to these athletes who were kept from
playing a game that should have been colorblind. Black doesn't see it that way.

"They don't owe you anything except an opportunity," he said.

Opportunity, just like profits, is American, too.

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              579 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   February 28, 1990, Wednesday, City Edition

A sure startupMinority capital company takes new approach

BYLINE: STEVE LIESMAN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 512 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Changes at the Tampa Bay Black Business Investment Corp.  will provide black
entrepreneurs with another avenue for startup and expansion money, an executive
said Tuesday.

     The non-profit investment organization, one of six groups set up by the
state to help blacks secure business loans, will continue to provide direct,
low-cost financing to black businesses, said president David A. Christian.

    But in 1990, the corporation will try to leverage its $ 1.4-million of
capital by guaranteeing loans that banks make to black entrepeneurs, Christian
said here at the corporation's annual meeting at the Riverside Hotel.

    During its three-year history, the corporation has provided capital to
several new and existing businesses from a pool of money donated by the state,
several banks and a utility company. Christian said the group can't count on
continued donations or another capital infusion from the state.

    To stretch its own dollars and bring black businesses into the real world of
finance sooner, the investment corporation will now work with area banks to
guarantee up to a $ 50,000 loan.

    The guarantee, Christian hopes, will entice banks to lend money to black
entrepreneurs and leave the corporation's reserves untapped for more lending and
investment.

    For example, on a $ 100,000 loan, the corporation might guarantee whatever
percentage a bank requires to make the deal. Some amount would have to go into
reserve to back up the commitment, but it would be less than the total
guarantee.

    This arrangement should enable black-owned businesses to obtain larger loans
and begin more lucrative ventures.

    "We're trying to encourage blacks into moving away from traditional black
-owned businesses like beauty-aide suppliers and restaurants," Christian said
later in an interview. Car dealerships and manufacturers are some of the
ventures that come to mind when Christian thinks about what kinds of enterprises
blacks should be involved in.

    "Black's don't get into it because you really need to have some cash,"
Christian said. "We've got to have a vehicle in this town for black economic
independence."

    The corporation also wants to be less involved in high-risk venture capital
lending, financing startup businesses, and more involved in gap financing
providing the difference between what a bank agrees to loan and what an
entrepreneur needs to begin a business.

    Venture capital has been costly for the non-profit investment corporation.
Of $ 465,000 in loans the organization has provided, the corporation has been
forced to write off about $ 100,000. Most of the losses were loans to startup
businesses.

    The corporation is also embarking this year on a technical assistance
program to help loan recipients manage their businesses and finances.

  "We've got to start educating people on what it means to be economically
successful," Christian said.


LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, JIM STEM; David A. Christian

                            Times Publishing Company


                              580 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     April 25, 1987, Saturday, City Edition

Fund set up to aid black businesses

BYLINE: WENDY WEYEN

SECTION: METRO AND STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - The mayors of St. Petersburg and Tampa announced Friday a    program to
expand business opportunities for blacks by providing loans    to black business
owners in Pinellas and Hillsborough counties.

     The Tampa Bay Black Business Investment Corp. already has    commitments of
$ 775,000 and is eligible for up to $ 1-million in state    money to match those
pledges, said Bob Morrison, executive assistant to    Tampa's Mayor Sandy
Freedman.

     A Miami group has received $ 1-million of the state's $ 5-million  Black
Business Investment Fund, a state account established by the    Legislature in
1985.

     The $ 4-million remaining will be divided among seven other  applicants,
including St. Petersburg and Tampa. The state's Black  Business Investment Board
will meet May 1 in Tampa to consider the  applications and begin dividing the
money, said Nina Singleton, office    manager for the board in Tallahassee.

     "What this is going to do for the Tampa Bay area and black    businesses in
general is almost immeasurable," Freedman said.

     The program shows the financial community's faith in black    businesses
and will generate jobs and black leadership, she said.

     St. Petersburg Mayor Robert Ulrich echoed Freedman's optimism,  saying the
program would have a "far-reaching impact on the black    community."

     "Our hope is that these black businesses would be introduced to  and form
commercial relationships with" area banks and lending  institutions,
establishing long-lasting links between the two groups,    Ulrich said.

     Six banks and a Colorado-based cable company have pledged $ 775,000  toward
the program. Freedman on Friday challenged other area groups,  especially local
governments in Hillsborough and Pinellas counties, to    boost the total to $
1-million or more.

     Both Ulrich and Freedman promised support for the endeavor but    declined
to specify a dollar amount.

     Tampa Bay Economic Development Corp., a Tampa group, and St.  Petersburg's
Certified Development Corp. will serve as clearinghouses  in each county for
information about how black businesses can apply for    the loans.

     A committee of representatives from the supporting banks will  review the
loan applications, Morrison said. He said he hoped the  program would be
operating by July 1, with the loans available this    fall.

     Other groups applying for matching funds from the state are from
Jacksonville, Pensacola, Broward County, Beach County, Orlando and  Southern
Development Foundation, a private group based in Louisiana    with an office in
Orlando, Singleton said.


LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: METRO AND STATE; TAMPA

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); ROBERT ULRICH; SANDY FREEDMAN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              581 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             June 6, 2013 Thursday

Man, woman robbed at gunpoint at Speedway Blvd. ATM

BYLINE: Lyda Longa, Lyda Longa STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 365  words


A man and a woman were robbed of their money at gunpoint by two masked men at a
drive-through ATM, Daytona Beach police said.

The two suspects forced the couple out of their car and down onto the ground,
also grabbing victim Lenard Wilson's iPhone and his girfriend Marjorie Burns' LG
Motion cellphone, a report shows.

The incident occurred just before 2 a.m. Wednesday at the Bank of America on
International Speedway Boulevard, police said.

Burns told police that she had driven to the bank with her boyfriend to deposit
$158. All of a sudden two masked men appeared next to her car and demanded cash,
the report shows. Burns told both men that she had just deposited money and then
she heard the suspects order Wilson out of the car, the report shows.

One of the suspects approached Burns and told her to withdraw money. The man
held a black and silver handgun that he cocked, Burns told police. She withdrew
$200 and the suspect then told her to get down on the ground, the report shows.

The suspects then ordered Wilson to get up off the ground and withdraw money
from his own account. Wilson was so nervous at that point that he forgot the pin
number for his ATM card, police said. One of the suspects demanded the woman get
out the money, "She knows how to do it," the report shows one of the robbers
saying.

Burns then took the card from Wilson and withdrew another $200 from his account.
She handed the money to one of the robbers and he told her to get back on the
ground, the report shows.

The two suspects then bolted toward Tuscawilla Park, to the southeast, Burns
said. She then spotted a car that was heading in their direction, the report
shows.

The two victims described their assailants as two black males 5 feet 6 to 5 feet
7 inches in height. One was wearing a white T- shirt with horizontal stripes,
blue jeans, black shoes and a black ball cap. The man also had a bandana
covering his face.

Anyone with information is asked to call detective David Snowden, 386-671-5100.

The second man was wearing a white tank top-style shirt, black shoes and a
bandana across his face. He had dark colored shorts.

One of the men's sneakers had a red stripe or red line on them, Wilson told
police.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2013 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2013 News-Journal Corporation


                              582 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                            February 28, 1999, FINAL

'Greedy' black church leader faces prison: Reverend guilty in$4- billion
racketeering case

BYLINE: Mike Clary

SECTION: News; A6

LENGTH: 640 words

DATELINE: LARGO, Florida


LARGO, Florida -- The president of one of the largest black denominations in the
United States was found guilty yesterday of racketeering, accused of bilking
more than $4 billion U.S. from companies seeking to sell products to the group's
members.

Rev. Henry Lyons, 57, of the National Baptist Convention USA, also was found
guilty of two grand theft charges in connection with $244,000 given him from the
Anti-Defamation League of B'nai Brith to rebuild burned-out black churches.

Prosecutors said Mr. Lyons pocketed most of that money.

Surrounded by a coterie of supporters, Mr. Lyons left Pinellas-Pasco Circuit
Court without comment after the verdict.  The six-member, all-white jury took
about 15 hours to sift through a month of testimony.

Free on $100,000 bail, Mr. Lyons could be sentenced to as many as nine years in
prison. He also faces trial in April on 54 federal charges of bank fraud, wire
fraud, extortion and money laundering.

A co- defendant, Bernice Edwards, 42, a convicted embezzler who served as public
relations director for the convention, was found innocent of the racketeering
charge. She was not charged with grand theft, but also faces a number of fraud
charges in federal court.

The case against Mr. Lyons, a respected figure among black Baptists across the
United States and the pastor of Bethel Metropolitan Baptist Church in St.
Petersburg, was described by prosecutors as a simple case of greed.

Falsely claiming to represent a membership of 8. 5 million, they said, Mr. Lyons
defrauded major corporations that paid him millions of dollars for mailing lists
through which they hoped to market life insurance policies, credit cards and
funeral plots. Prosecutors had accused Mr. Lyons of using the bilked money to
finance a series of love affairs replete with expensive jewelry, luxury cars and
lavish vacations.

''Their creed was greed,'' prosecutor Jim Hellickson told jurors in closing
arguments earlier this week. ''They had their fancy cars. They had their fancy
vacations to Lake Tahoe, to Hawaii a couple of times. They had their jewelry.
They had the real estate.''

Mr. Lyons called the prosecution racist, and his attorneys summoned witnesses
who insisted that those outside the black community could not understand the
licence traditionally granted ministers to adopt a comfortable, even wealthy,
lifestyle.

The defence argued that at issue were failed business dealings, not crimes.
''This case should really be about corporate deals that didn't work out,''
lawyer Grady Irvin said. ''Not enough profit was made by corporations. But
nobody held a gun to their head. ''

The state and federal probes of Mr. Lyons were sparked by a 1997 arson fire at a
$700,000 waterfront home in Florida that Mr. Lyons and Ms. Edwards had purchased
together. Mr. Lyons's wife, Deborah, admitted setting the fire after she learned
about the purchase of the home and suspected that her husband and Ms. Edwards
were having an affair.

Deborah Lyons, who pleaded guilty to arson and was placed on probation, later
recanted her suspicions and faithfully attended the trial. Ms. Edwards denied
the affair on the witness stand.

Many of Mr. Lyons's parishioners also backed him, as did the leadership of the
National Baptist Convention when, at its annual convention last September, the
charismatic preacher was handed a vote of confidence and several thousand
dollars for his defence fund.

Mr. Lyons did not take the witness stand. But Ms. Edwards did, admitting that
she spent money with abandon, but insisting that she earned it.

She denied any romantic ties to Mr. Lyons.

In the course of the trial, several other women were linked to Mr. Lyons,
including a onetime official of the San Diego convention bureau whom the pastor
has acknowledged was his mistress.


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Black & White Photo: The Associated Press / Rev. Henry J. Lyons talks
to his wife, Deborah Lyons, from the defence table just before court was
adjourned for lunch yesterday during his grand theft and racketeering trial in
Largo, Florida. Mr. Lyons was found guilty of all charges.

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 7, 1992, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

MIDDLE CLASS BLACKS MUST HELP OTHERS

BYLINE: Gregory Freeman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 776 words


WHEN I WAS in the second grade, attending an all-black school in St. Louis, a
kid in my class named Warren stopped coming to school for a while.  I remember
that some of us wondered what had happened to Warren - whether he was sick, had
the measles or had simply moved away.  After a coupl e of weeks or so, Warren
came back to school. When we asked him why he hadn't been at school, he told us
that he had been away because he didn't have any shoes to wear. His old pair of
shoes had gotten so torn up to the point of being simply unwearable. His mother
had to wait until payday before she could afford to buy him new shoes.  I
remember being surprised by that at the time. At the age of 7, I thought that
everyone could afford shoes. Not that my family was wealthy or anything: My
father was a clerk with the Post Office and my mother was a schoolteacher.  But
they had always made sure that my sister and I had shoes to wear.  It made me
realize that there are people who are worse off than I.  So years later, when I
learned about Aunts and Uncles, an organization that provided shoes for poor
black children whose families couldn't afford them, I was happy, realizing that
there was someone out there helping the Warrens of the world.  Well, the Warrens
of the world are in trouble again. Rosa Campbell, president of the agency, is
closing the doors of Aunts and Uncles on June 15. She says that charitable
donations are down considerably and that she has had very little support from
blacks here.  ''I've received virtually nothing from the black community,'' she
said last week. She said that 99.5 percent of her support had come from
organizations with white members.  Her comments on a lack of black support
underscores an important problem that pops up again and again here - the lack of
financial support by blacks of black-oriented projects, agencies and even of
black political leaders.  If you question the truthfulness of that statement,
I'd urge you to head down to the St. Louis Election Board and take a look at
campaign finance disclosure reports. You'll find that the major black
officeholders here - Bill Clay or Virvus Jones, for instance - receive most of
their campaign funds from white-owned companies or white individuals.  There is
occasional grumbling among blacks here who say that their interests can't truly
be represented by politicians who are beholden to whites for their campaign
finances. But most of the black politicians who accept such money would find
themselves blowing in the wind if they didn't do so.  The same has been the case
with Aunts and Uncles, as well as a variety of other organizations in the area.
There's been a tremendous amount of lip service, but little follow up when it
comes to the bucks.  Granted, percentagewise, blacks do not have the financial
power of whites locally. But that's not stopping middle-class blacks - and those
who are beyond middle class - from supporting these types of projects.  The lack
of black financial support should not be the reason for the closing of Aunts and
Uncles. While white firms may not be giving money and donating shoes as they
once did, this organization should have had strong support from blacks in this
city. It didn't. As a result, Rosa Campbell - a real asset to this community -
is pulling up stakes here and moving to Los Angeles. There, she hopes to set up
a version of Aunts and Uncles. Perhaps blacks in Los Angeles will be more
charitable than African-Americans in the St. Louis area.  The black middle class
seems to be able to find money for so many other things. How many fashion shows,
teas, fraternity and sorority events - and other such social events that make no
real contribution to our way of life here - are held each week? How many black,
middle-class churches raise money for such events as pastors' anniversaries,
rather than spending money on programs to help the truly needy?  There are those
who do contribute to help such organizations as Aunts and Uncles, the Annie
Malone Children's Home, the Herbert Hoover Boys' Club and others, and this
criticism is not intended for them. But, sadly, this kind of support is few and
far between. It shouldn't be that way. Those who have been fortunate enough to
achieve the status of middle class should remember those who have not. Blacks in
this country have not come far enough along for the middle class to do any less.
The closing of Aunts and Uncles should be the shame of the black middle class in
St. Louis. Instead, many people will read this, shake their heads and move on to
other things.  And, once again, times will be tough for the Warrens of this
world.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1992 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              584 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             May 7, 2003, Wednesday

SMART MONEY MAKES A BIT - AFTER BLEEDING CASH, FINANCE MAG EKES OUT TEENY PROFIT

BYLINE: Keith J. Kelly

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 030

LENGTH: 755 words


SMART Money continues to wrestle with staff turnover, but after losing more than
$35 million over the past two years, it may have something that no other
personal finance magazine has: a profit.

The magazine that is a joint venture between Hearst magazines and Dow Jones eked
out an tiny $880,000 profit in the first quarter of 2003.

That should come as welcome news to Hearst president Cathleen Black and
embattled Dow Jones chairman Peter Kann. It ends a disastrous ocean of red ink
at the troubled joint venture, which lost $25.5 million in 2001 and $9.6 million
in 2002 - largely because it was banking on a dot-com payoff that never
materialized.

Smart Money's ongoing woes also contribute to the Starrett-Lehigh Building's
reputation as the address from hell for media companies.

The site, on Manhattan's far West Side, currently houses the embattled Martha
Stewart Living Omnimedia operation; once housed the Powerful Media operation
(which turned out to be impotent); and was at one point expected to house a
300-person SmartMoney.com operation, which planned to spin itself off in a
public offering.

Hearst and Dow Jones signed the lease, but never actually moved the Smart Money
Internet operations into the building. Today, instead of a 300-person operation,
the Internet joint venture has only 55 people.

The entire Smart Money joint venture has about 150 people in total, down from
its peak of 220 people.

Meanwhile, the venture still had to buy its way out of the long-term lease to
escape the never-used offices, and it cost them dearly: $3.6 million in 2001 and
another $1.2 million in 2002.

Ed Finn, the editor-in-chief and president who was imported in August from Dow
Jones' Barron's to turn things around insists that he is making progress. "We
have kind of stopped the bleeding," he said. "We're still doing some
cost-cutting, but we made a profit in the first quarter and we expect to make a
profit for the full year."

*

There's more ax swinging as the Jim Nelson era gets under way at GQ.

Peter Bart, the Variety editor-in-chief deemed one of the most powerful people
in Hollywood, is not continuing his bimonthly column under the new regime.

"I've written 56 columns over the course of 10 years and my plate has just
gotten too full," said Bart, who said he is working on a TV show called "Shoot
Out" and a new consumer magazine - called V Life - for Variety.

He insisted there was no falling out with Nelson: "I frankly never had a meeting
with the new editor."

Award-winning food and lifestyle writer Alan Richman has a deal that will have
him writing for GQ as well as Bon Appetit, another Conde Nast title, sources
said.

He also has inked a new book deal, for a collection of his works, with Harper
Collins (which, like The Post, is owned by News Corp.). The book is called:
"Will Work for Osso Bucco: Confessions of a Professional Eater."

Joe Queenan has not spent much time on the beach, either, after getting bounced
by Nelson last week. Men's Health Editor-in-Chief David Zinczenko has already
signed Queenan to write a column called "Average Joe." "When a name-brand talent
like Joe Queenan unexpectedly becomes available, you'd be a fool not to snap him
up," said Zinczenko.

Needling GQ, he added, "I wouldn't have let him slip away." More GQ dismissals
are likely in the months ahead, said sources.

*

A systems crash at the VNU media group knocked Adweek, Mediaweek and Editor &
Publisher off the computers for 12 hours in the middle of last week, but the
magazines managed to reconstruct the data and get out on time.

But the episode may have been the straw that broke the camel's back at Editor &
Publisher for departing managing editor J.J. McGrath.

He told his bosses he quit because of "personnel reasons" - namely, the brutal
cutbacks that have hit the company's retail and media magazines over the past
two years.

In a memo to staff, the Editor & Publisher editor Greg Mitchell called the
computer snafu an "IT catastrophe," but said he didn't think it necessarily had
anything to do with his No. 2 man quitting.

McGrath also insisted the computer breakdown was "unfortunate" but had no direct
bearing on his decision to quit. He has no job lined up.


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IN THE BLACK: Hearst president Cathleen Black (above left) finally
brings in a profit at Dow Jones joint venture Smart Money; Joe Queenan (top
right) and Peter Bart (bottom right) have landed softly after their GQ exits.
Michael Pugh; Getty Images

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              585 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 04, 1999, Monday

ROSS PEROT TO FUEL HOT '99 IPO MART

BYLINE: BY AMY FELDMAN

SECTION: Business; Pg.  24

LENGTH: 686 words


Billionaire businessman and presidential wanna-be Ross Perot is back on track
with his firm's initial public offering.

.....The 68-year-old Texan's deal to sell a stake in computer services firm
Perot Systems to the public, postponed since August, is now on the calendar for
late January making it one of a flurry of IPOs slated for the new year.

"I'm not at all surprised that Perot Systems is coming back," said David Menlow,
president of IPO Financial Network. "The market should be very receptive."

Though Perot gained notoriety for his gadfly political campaigning, his riches
come from business. He sold his first venture, data processor Electronic Data
Systems, to General Motors for $ 1 billion. The day after his noncompete
agreement with GM expired, in 1988, Perot set up Perot Systems.

Potential investors are hoping that Perot Systems will be similarly successful.

In August, Perot Systems filed to sell shares to the public, raising as much as
$ 115 million and valuing the firm at $ 1.5 billion. Perot whose personal
fortune is estimated at $ 3.7 billion will keep his controlling stake.

But the Perot Systems deal like many other IPOs slated in the late summer and
early fall was shunted aside because of market turmoil.

Until now. Analysts said that the return of Perot's offering is just the latest
indicator of the IPO market's return from near-death.

With the stock market back on track, there are now 29 IPOs on the calendar for
January and even more are expected in February when the offering season hits
full force.

Black seeks regular folk

Revered value investor Scott Black is, at long last, letting average American
investors give him their money.

While Black's Delphi Management requires a

$ 5 million minimum investment, the two-week-old Kobren Delphi Value Fund, a
joint venture with money manager Eric Kobren, will do similar investing for just
$ 2,500.

"People have been calling year-in and year-out, and I've said, 'We're not
arrogant, but we're not set up to take your money,"' Black said.

But during a brainstorming solution over sushi at Jaes Restaurant in Boston,
Kobren came up with a simple way to launch the fund. Black will stick to
stock-picking, while Kobren will deal with marketing and administration.

With $ 4 million in seed money from the Black and Kobren families and another $
800,000 from outside investors Black spent the last week of the year busily
buying.

Small-time investors will get the same type of beaten-down stocks Black has long
bought for big pension fund clients and which have given them consistent 19%
returns (before fees) for nearly two decades.

Recent picks: Southern eatery Cracker Barrel, New York ad agency Grey
Advertising, card maker American Greetings and The Washington Post.

"Our style is to buy good companies at cheap prices," Black said. "We don't own
Internet stocks or highfliers."

That style isn't for everyone, but Lou Gerald, a 79-year-old mutual fund pioneer
who still works on Wall Street, was impressed enough to hand over $ 25,000 at
the fund's inception. Said Gerald: "Every time I see Scott in the news, I read
his stuff ... and I have made money buying some of the stocks he recommends."

Plenty of bull on street

It's not quite the annual running of the bulls in Pamplona, Spain, but 10 live
bulls will thunder down Wall Street today to inaugurate the first trading day of
1999.

The event co-sponsored by the New York Stock Exchange and NYSE listee Bestfoods
is just the latest attention-getter of exchange chief Richard Grasso, who
previously has brought a Holstein cow and supermodel Cindy Crawford to the NYSE
floor.

The event's organizers hope that Bull Monday will become the financial world's
answer to Groundhog Day. Ben Stein, host of Comedy Central's "Win Ben Stein's
Money" will be on hand to make a wacky stock market forecast based on whether
the bulls stumble or run strong.

But with 10 bulls running and no bears how will the outcome be anything but
optimistic? Laughed NYSE organizer Judy Shaw: "Don't you worry: We're going to
definitely say bull."


LOAD-DATE: January 04, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP ROSS PEROT: Texan goes for pile of cash SCOTT BLACK

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              586 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       May 10, 2004 Monday FINAL EDITION

A town ablaze in cash to burn In Black Hawk, repaved streets and lavish trips
Gambling revenues have been a jackpot of updates and perks, but some say a sense
of community is lost. Last in a two-part series

BYLINE: Ann Schrader and Trent Seibert , Denver Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1885 words


Black Hawk - Flush with millions of dollars from gambling  collections, this
one-time mining town has money to burn.


Water is free for the city's 116 residents.


Every homeowner gets Christmas lights at no charge.


Giving is a year-round enterprise: The city aldermen recently  showered the
Central City Opera Association with $ 200,000.


The city also loaned $ 1.2 million in 2000 to the Black Hawk  Sanitation
District for the design and construction of sewer lines  on Bobtail Street and
Miner's Mesa, with repayment over 10 years  through tap fees.


With one casino for every five residents, Black Hawk has spending  power
unmatched in Colorado.


But some say the power of money to burn casts dark, long shadows.


Towns that welcome gaming can find their communities torn, said Hal  Rothman, a
history professor at the University of Nevada, Las  Vegas, and the author of
'Devil's Bargains: Tourism in the  Twentieth-Century American West.'


These towns, Rothman said, 'become, in essence, the equivalent of  malls, as
opposed to being the equivalent of communities.'


Jim Collins, who grew up in Black Hawk and whose father was the  Gilpin County
sheriff in the 1950s and 1960s, remembers the offbeat  characters who shunned
the cities and came to the mountains, and  the close-


knit community.


'I left because of gambling,' said Collins, who moved in 1995 to  Green Valley,
Ariz. 'I can't go home. There's maybe one or two or  three people that I know.
It absolutely breaks my heart to go up  there.'


Some people retired and left town, while others sold their property  and moved,
reaping a windfall from casino development.


Today, there are 58 fewer homes, a 46 percent drop. There is no  local grocer,
although city officials say they have attempted to  lure one.


While there may be broken hearts, Black Hawk's supporters say, the  city is no
longer on the skids.


Since 1990, when gambling was approved, the city's overall budget  has climbed
from $ 127,000 to roughly $ 35 million, more than  $ 300,000 per resident.


By comparison, the gambling town of Cripple Creek has a population  of about
1,300 and an overall budget of $ 12 million, or $ 9,230 per  resident.


'It is an unusual sort of town because of gaming,' said David  Blanchard, former
city manager of Black Hawk. 'It is a small city  with a very large industry.'


The benefits of money


Much of the spending in Black Hawk has gone toward building public  improvements
and providing services for the thousands of gamblers  who flow into the towns
every day.


In the dozen years since the first casino opened, Black Hawk has  become the
state's gambling mecca. The city's casinos generate more  than 72 percent of
Colorado's collections from casinos, pouring  nearly $ 270 million into the
state's general fund since 1991 and  $ 38.3 million last year alone.


But before the casino rush, Black Hawk was an impoverished town  with one gas
station, run-down trailers and abandoned mining  shafts.


'There was nothing much worth remembering,' said Chuck Ford, the  city's
lobbyist.


Today, the residents who remain, including elected officials, have  enjoyed
seeing their homes refurbished and their streets repaved.  Thousands of dollars
have been doled out for catered meals, holiday  gifts and travel.


If it appears Black Hawk's bounty is too much for too few, remember  the people
of Colorado approved the plan by which the town now  profits, said Sam Mamet,
associate director of the Colorado  Municipal League.


'The voters said in 1990, for all intents and purposes, that three  cities would
benefit from the revenues generated by gambling,'  Mamet said.


Black Hawk has certainly benefited.


With larger casinos and more gambling positions, Black Hawk has  received about
$ 42 million in casino collections since 1991,  excluding money for historic
preservation. Central City has  collected $ 10.9 million; Cripple Creek, $ 15.5
million.


'It was a brilliant idea to pop in a few slot machines,' said Lew  Cady, who
owns a home here and publishes the alternative newspaper  Little Kingdom Come.


But the mom-and-pop style of operations never happened. The  legislature, he
said, 'underestimated the power of money and what  big-time gambling would do.'


City officials have spent millions of dollars to rebuild the entire  roadway
system, replace water lines, put utilities underground,  renovate houses and
reconstruct rock walls on steep hillsides.


'We've had to rebuild the entire city infrastructure,' said Corey  Hoffmann,
city attorney and acting city manager. 'I would  characterize it as getting up
to other cities' level.'


Hoffmann said the capital improvements 'wish list' is lengthy,  such as a
drainage project on Bobtail Street, more city parking and  additional reservoir
space.


At what price, though, asks author Rothman.


'All of the sudden, they have these enormous budgets, and that  looks like
heaven,' Rothman said. 'They can build new schools,  they can do things to
attract residents. a But here's the rub: The  transformation to gaming has a
tremendous impact on whatever  community fabric there is there.'


In contrast, Central City's population grew from 335 in 1990 to 510  in 2002.
The town has a gift shop, an ice cream shop, jewelry shops  and several museums.


The city has added to the capacity of its reservoir, located above  Central City
near the historic cemeteries.


'Gaming has helped everyone and the ability to do improvements,  such as to the
water system, the streets and our historic  buildings,' City Manager Lynnette
Hailey said.


Cripple Creek also grew, from 600 residents in 1990 to 1,117  residents in 2002.
Many newcomers are casino employees. City  leaders also have enticed a grocery
store and hardware store to  move in.


Although the jingle of slot machines will always be the primary  industry,
Cripple Creek has attempted to diversify whenever  possible, City Manager Kip
Peterson said.


'A lot of people have forgotten that the vote was not just going  to allow
gambling for historic preservation, but also for economic  revitalization of the
three communities that were literally  dying,' Peterson said.


Since gaming, the school district, which also includes Victor, has  had to add
an elementary school to accommodate a growing student  enrollment.


Cripple Creek has been able to expand without sacrificing its  identity,
Peterson said.


'We don't do it like they do in Black Hawk,' he said.


A $ 3,000 dinner


One example of the contrasts in how Cripple Creek and Black Hawk  work can be
seen in a trip by officials of both cities to a major  gaming conference in Las
Vegas last September.


Black Hawk sent a party of 14, including all five aldermen, the  mayor, the city
manager, the city clerk and family members.


Cripple Creek's mayor and city manager were that town's only  representatives at
the Global Gaming Expo.


While Cripple Creek's twosome rented cars and ate mostly at  inexpensive
buffets, Black Hawk's contingent hired limos and  enjoyed a lavish dinner at
Smith & Wollensky restaurant.


Total tab for the Black Hawk dinner: $ 2,466.75. That did not  include the $ 600
tip.


The pair from Cripple Creek went out one night for a lobster dinner  with money
eked out of a $ 46 daily meal allowance each.


Hoffmann said the officials did not reimburse the city for family  members who
accompanied them. The aldermen approved picking up the  tab.


'They get to make the decision,' he added.


Black Hawk once had a policy that required officials attending such  conferences
to file a report and not to include expenses for family  members. That policy
was revoked by the aldermen a few years ago.


For the past four years, Black Hawk has shared the gambling wealth  with the
townspeople, throwing a 'citizen appreciation' dinner.


The tropical Flamingo Bay Ballroom at the Isle of Capri casino  hosted this
year's dinner April 30.


The rodeo-themed shindig included a buffet line featuring lobster  tail, roast
beef and giant shrimp; panning for gold in a small  swimming pool; plastic
cow-pie tossing; a cowboy hat and goodies at  each place setting; a dance floor;
and a live band.


More than 100 people usually attend the dinner each year.


'Even though we're a small town, we don't always see each other  that often and
it's a good place to catch up,' said Alderman Dick  Cottrell, who agreed to
speak to The Denver Post recently.


In 2002, Black Hawk spent $ 12,257.95 for the annual soiree,  including $
1,968.13 for gifts for its residents. In 2001 and 2003,  the city spent about $
5,000 each year for the gathering.


'Frankly, if most cities could do this, they would,' Hoffmann  said. 'It's a
unique opportunity to do that for their  constituents.'


The remaining aldermen chose not to comment to The Post, appointing  Hoffmann as
their spokesman.


Although the trip was but a small slice of Black Hawk's $ 16.18  million general
fund budget, some experts in government ethics cast  a wary eye at the town's
overall spending.


Black Hawk's spending power 'appears to be very unusual,' said  Mike Pagano,
director of public administration studies and urban  planning professor at the
University of Illinois.


Still, comparisons to other cities are difficult since there are  few small
cities with such huge budgets and few with thousands of  visitors each day,
Pagano said.


Black Hawk, which has one police officer per three residents,  'probably would
not have a full-time police officer if you didn't  have 20,000 people coming in
every day,' Pagano said.


Pagano said comparable cities could be Disney World near Orlando,  Fla., an
incorporated town with no legal citizens and a crush of  visitors, and Deadwood,
S.D., where gambling was legalized in  1990.


Deadwood had 1,830 residents and a $ 1.2 million general fund budget  when
gambling began. Today, the historic mining town has dropped to  1,380 residents,
a decline partially attributed to the closing of  the Homestake Gold Mine.


Most of increase to a $ 3.5 million general fund budget comes from  sales tax
revenues, since South Dakota limited use of gaming  revenues to historic
preservation.


About 1.2 million people visited Deadwood and its 85 casinos last  year.


'Deadwood was dying and didn't have money to fix streets and  leaks,' said Mary
Jo Nelson, Deadwood's finance director. 'Using  revenue bonds, we've got most of
the town rebuilt.'


How Black Hawk spends its money is up to the town, said Mamet of  the Colorado
Municipal League, an advocate for 264 Colorado cities.  'There are political
checks and balances, and legal checks and  balances,' he said.


Hoffmann agreed, saying, 'Ultimately, Black Hawk citizens have to  decide if
their elected officials are spending money correctly.'


Staff writer Ann Schrader can be reached at 303-278-3217 or
aschrader@denverpost.com. Staff writer Trent Seibert can be reached  at
303-820-1310 or tseibert@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Andy Cross/The Denver Post Since the arrival of gambling
revenues, the streets of Black Hawk have been repaved, sewer projects begun,
homes restored and hillsides rebuilt. There have also been expensive trips, a
loss of population and few nongambling additions in economic development. PHOTO:
Andy Cross/The Denver Post Black Hawk residents line up April 30 at the Isle of
Capri casino for an annual "citizen appreciation" dinner thrown by the town,
with a buffet including lobster tails, gifts at each place setting and a live
band. The city spent over $ 12,000 on its 2002 event for the town's 116
residents.  The Denver Post Comparing budgets

TYPE: SERIES

                        Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              587 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 25, 1987, Wednesday, City Edition

No state has elected a black as its governor

BYLINE: PAT FENNER

SECTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; TIMES ACTION; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 862 words



To settle an argument, has any state ever elected a black governor,    even
right after the Civil War? D.V.

    Response: No. Although the black vote dominated Republican politics    in
the South during Reconstruction, no state elected a black governor    and only
17 blacks won election to Congress. Three blacks served as    lieutenant
governor of Louisiana, one of whom, P.B.S. Pinchback, headed    the state as
acting governor from Dec. 9, 1872, to Jan. 13, 1873. South    Carolina had two
black lieutenant governors, in 1870 and 1872. But, by    then, the Democrats had
begun to regain power and, by the end of 1877,    when the last federal troops
were withdrawn, all southern state    governments were under Democratic control.


     Forget most of the next century. Southern white politicians
disenfranchised their black residents, who began what was to become a    mass
migration north. By the middle of the 20th century, blacks were    taking an
increasingly important role in national government, but it    wasn't until
Congress enacted the Voting Rights Act of 1965 that there    were noticeable
increases in the number of black elected officials.

 With the mayoral victory of Thomas Bradley in Los Angeles in 1973,    blacks
began to move into the upper stratas of big-time municipal    government, but
none has reached the statehouse.

 Refunder address

   In September, I purchased a bottle of Sure Quit, which had a    money-back
guarantee. I was not satisfied and attempted to return the    product to
Alleghany Pharmacal at the address given for refund. The    package was returned
by the post office because of an incomplete    address.

     I called the drugstore at which I purchased the product, and the    manager
said he would try to get a better address and return my call.

 He hasn't. All I want is my money back. Please assist. S.A.

   Response: Alleghany no longer owns Sure Quit, which appears to have    become
a separate entity. The address is 200 Murray Hill Parkway, East    Rutherford,
N.J. 07073.

 Cats are problem

   Please help us. The cats across the street are forever giving us    T
trouble, either screeching under our window when we want to sleep or    leaving
their droppings. What can we do? Mrs. J. Borowczyk

   Response: There oughta be a law, eh? Well, there is. St. Petersburg    City
Code makes it unlawful for any person to own or keep a cat that    becomes a
nuisance in the community. And "frequent or habitual    depositing of excretia
(droppings) on properties not belonging to the    owner of the cat" is
considered a nuisance. So are "frequent raising    of any disturbance at late or
early hours or at long intervals,    viciousness and frequent digging into,
breaking or otherwise injuring    shrubbery, trees or lawns, or frequent
prowling in and about premises    or properties not belonging to the owner of
the cat."

     The first step always is to discuss the problem with the owner of    the
caterwauler (politely, of course). If he/she shrugs it off with    some comment
about the "nature of the beast," remind him/her that you    will have no choice
but to file a formal complaint with the police, and    that conviction carries a
penalty of a fine of up to $ 500 and/or 90    days in jail. Then, if necessary,
do it.

 Refund in the mail

   On July 30, I received my order of one tapestry bag from Ambassador.

 I immediately wrote to say the bag would never last. It required a very    firm
pull to open (frame probably bent), so in no time the material    would have
come out of the frame. I also said I would not return it    because I already
had spent almost $ 24 and I would not add a postage    and insurance charge to
that.

     In late August, I received a letter stating I would receive a check    in
10 days to two weeks. On Sept. 19, I wrote to inquire about it. I    have heard
nothing since. Can you do something for me? Mrs. A.K.

   Response: Payment on the first check has been stopped and a      replacement
is in the mail.

     We're surprised the firm so readily agreed to refund in the face of    your
flat refusal to return the merchandise. That was a tad mulish of    you. How
were the Ambassador folks to know the bag was in fact    defective, or if you
were just trying to bag a freebie? A more    equitable approach would be to
offer to return the order if the firm    will issue a call tag or will guarantee
the postage and insurance.



   Action solves problems and gets answers for you. If you have a    question,
or your own attempts to resolve a consumer complaint have    failed, write:
Times Action, c/o the City Times and Independent, P.O.    Box 1121, St.
Petersburg 33731, or call your Action number, 893-8171,    to leave a recorded
request for Action.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY TIMES AND INDEPENDENT; TAMPA

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              588 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            March 14, 2009 Saturday

BUSINESS AT A GLANCE;

BYLINE:

SECTION: Pg. A4

LENGTH: 444 words


NAACP ACCUSES HSBC, WELLS FARGO BANKS

The NAACP is accusing Wells Fargo and HSBC of forcing blacks into subprime
mortgages while whites with identical qualifications got lower rates.

Class-action lawsuits were to be filed against the banks Friday in federal court
in Los Angeles, Austin Tighe, co-lead counsel for the National Association for
the Advancement of Colored People, told The Associated Press.

Black homebuyers have been 3½ times more likely to receive a subprime loan than
white borrowers, and six times more likely to get a subprime rate when
refinancing, Tighe said. Blacks still were disproportionately steered into
subprime loans when their credit scores, income and down payment were equal to
those of white homebuyers, he said.

Melissa Murray, vice president of corporate communications for Wells Fargo &
Co., called the lawsuit "totally unfounded and reckless."

HSBC said it does not comment on litigation.

TEXAS GOVERNOR REJECTS JOBLESS STIMULUS MONEY

HOUSTON - Texas Gov. Rick Perry announced Thursday he turned down $555 million
of federal economic stimulus money to extend the state's unemployment benefits,
saying the money would have required the state to keep paying for the expanded
benefits after the stimulus money ran out.

Perry, an outspoken critic of President Barack Obama's $787 billion stimulus
bill, accepted most of the roughly $17 billion slated for Texas in the plan. But
he turned down the unemployment benefits because he said it would require the
state to increase the tax burden on Texas businesses.

Other Republican governors have said they will turn down federal stimulus money,
including Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal, who said he would not accept nearly $100
million to expand unemployment benefits.

Perry's announcement was immediately criticized by Democratic lawmakers and
advocates for lowincome residents.

To receive the full amount of stimulus money available, lawmakers would need to
adjust the time period used to determine whether people are eligible for
benefits, using the four most recent quarters to determine how much a person
gets instead of the current method that goes back 18 months.

Texas would also have to expand eligibility to include thousands of low-wage
workers.

LAWN & LEISURE SHOW TO BE MARCH 20-22

The 7th Annual Husker Lawn & Leisure Show will take place Friday, Saturday and
Sunday, March 20-22, at the Lancaster Event Center, 84th and Havelock in
Lincoln. Show hours are Friday 5 p.m. to 9 p.m., Saturday 10 a.m. to 7 p.m., and
Sunday 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Admission is $3 for adults, and those 12 and younger
are admitted Free. For more information, go to www.huskerlawnshow.com.

- From staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2009 Monday

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              589 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              September 15, 1997, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Money book shortchanges reader on whys of salary levels

BYLINE: GEORGE L. FLEMING

SECTION: BUSINESS; BOOK REVIEW; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 423 words



Money:

Who Has How Much and Why

By Andrew Hacker

(Scribner, $ 25)

Reviewed by GEORGE L. FLEMING

   The problem with Money: Who Has How Much and Why is that it delivers only
half the subtitle: The "why" is missing.

Author Andrew Hacker provides plenty of information about how much we're
earning at our jobs, but his analysis of the reasons behind the salary levels
is anemic at best.

Hacker, a political science professor at Queens College in New York,
effectively organizes the reams of financial information that the federal
government collects, as well as data from a variety of business publications.

And the task he set before himself in writing Money certainly is  commendable:
With a general audience in mind, Hacker categorizes the  $ 4-trillion that
changes hands each year in the United States as personal  income.

For instance, it's fun to learn that the average individual profit for  partners
at the Wachtell, Lipton law firm in New York City is almost  $ 1.6-million a
year.

Orthopedic surgeons' average salaries are much higher than pediatricians' -  $
304,000 compared with $ 113,000 - because the surgeons tend to use more
high-tech procedures and equipment, the book says.

More sobering is the fact that a third of full-time jobs in this country  pay
less than $ 20,000 annually.

As Hacker writes, among the world's modernized nations, "The United States  has
the greatest income disparity, partly because its rich receive more than  their
counterparts in other countries, but mostly because those who are poor  get so
much less."

Interesting point, but Money doesn't do more to tell the reader the reasons
why.

Maybe the book is such a 98-pound weakling because, well, that's what it  is.
There are 240 pages of text, but that includes 51 financial tables, a  fourth of
which take up a full page each.

So we're left with largely unsupported statements, some of which sound
downright nutty when there's no evidence presented to back them up. For
example, "black and white women tend to mingle more easily in workplace
settings than do black and white men," Hacker writes. "This is partly  because
women tend to feel less tense about race."

Therefore, when corporations feel the need to hire more minority workers,  he
writes, "They prefer to take on black women rather than black men."

Clearly, if Hacker did his homework, it doesn't come through in the  writing.

- George L. Fleming is a Times correspondent.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Money: Who Has How Much and Why by Andrew Hacker

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              590 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              May 4, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Cracker Barrel Agrees to Plan To Address Reports of Bias

BYLINE: By ERIC LICHTBLAU

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 3


Cracker Barrel restaurants agreed Monday to overhaul their training and
management practices after the Justice Department accused the country-style
chain of widespread discrimination against black diners in about 50 locations.

A civil rights investigation found that black diners at Cracker Barrels in seven
Southern states were routinely given tables apart from whites, seated after
white customers who arrived later, and given inferior service, the department
said in announcing the settlement.

Managers allowed white servers to refuse to wait on black patrons, and blacks
were given less favorable treatment than whites when they complained about
service, investigators found. Interviews with dozens of employees suggested that
managers ''often directed, participated in, or condoned the discriminatory
behavior,'' the department said.

Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, a chain based in Tennessee that has 497
locations nationwide and is known for its country-style cooking and folksy
retail stores, denied the accusations in a lawsuit that the Justice Department
filed on Monday in Georgia. But in an agreement filed with the lawsuit, the
company agreed to wide-ranging steps to combat discrimination against black
diners. Among them are new training programs, random testing by undercover
diners, the posting of nondiscrimination statements on menus, and the hiring of
an outside auditor.

The agreement ''moves Cracker Barrel forward in a direction we were already
moving,'' said Julie Davis, a company spokeswoman. She said that while Cracker
Barrel did not believe the accusations, it agreed to the six-point plan in part
to avoid ''protracted, distracting, costly, multiyear litigation.''

The laws under which the suit was brought did not allow the department to seek
money. But in recent years some 100 blacks have pressed discrimination claims
and are seeking money from the company in four lawsuits in Arkansas, Georgia,
Mississippi and North Carolina. Stores there and in Alabama, Louisiana and
Virginia were subjects of the department investigation.

''It's shocking that something like this still happens 40 years after the
passage of civil rights legislation,'' said Heidi Doerhoff, a Washington lawyer
involved in the Arkansas and Mississippi lawsuits. ''It harkens back to the
back-of-the-bus treatment of African-Americans.''

Ms. Doerhoff said the widespread discrimination detected by the department was
similar to the experiences of the dozens of plaintiffs. One black employee at a
Cracker Barrel in Mississippi said that white waitresses would pay her $3 per
table to serve their black customers, Ms. Doerhoff said. And a black diner said
that when he complained to a manager that whites were treated better, he was
told he should go to Burger King, she said.

Her one disappointment, Ms. Doerhoff said, was that Cracker Barrel ''is
unwilling to admit that it's done anything wrong.''

''They're still fighting tooth and nail against all the private plaintiffs,''
she said.

In past months, some civil rights advocates and Democrats in Congress have
accused the Bush administration of failing to aggressively pursue civil rights
cases, particularly those involving patterns of corporate misconduct, and they
said they worried that cases like Cracker Barrel's were allowed to lag.

But R. Alexander Acosta, the assistant attorney general for civil rights, said
that the agreement filed on Monday demonstrated the Justice Department's
resolve. ''Where we find evidence, as we did here, that individuals of any race
are receiving anything less than full and equal access to public accommodations,
we will act,'' Mr. Acosta said.

The N.A.A.C.P. and other civil rights advocates said that the requirements
imposed on Cracker Barrel sent a strong message but that the test of the
company's image would be whether the plaintiffs won money.

''It's unclear if this will be a big black eye,'' said John Relman, a lawyer
whose discrimination lawsuits against the Denny's restaurant chain in the early
1990's helped lead to a $54 million settlement. ''What happens with those
lawsuits will really determine whether Cracker Barrel gains the type of
notoriety that Denny's did.''

Cracker Barrel's anti-discrimination measures are not expected to have any
material impact on its earnings, said Ms. Davis, the company spokeswoman. The
stock of Cracker Barrel's corporate parent, CBRL Group, closed up 39 cents to
end Monday at $37.94.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              591 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      APRIL 30, 1999 Friday SFCITY EDITION

CHARITY CUT OUT OF ITS LITERATURE TIES TO ABU-JAMAL / THE BLACK UNITED FUND
HELPS PROCESS CONTRIBUTIONS TO THE CAUSE. THAT LINK KEPT THE FOP OUT OF A CITY
CHARITY DRIVE.

BYLINE: Monica Yant, Craig R. McCoy and Larry Fish, INQUIRER STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1207 words


For the last three years, a charity raising money from thousands of city
employees has omitted from its fund-raising literature any mention that it
collects money on behalf of death-row inmate Mumia Abu-Jamal.

The Black United Fund quietly dropped from the city's fund-raising guide the
disclosure that it provides "technical assistance" to the campaign to free
Abu-Jamal, the phrase meaning that it processes tax-deductible contributions for
a pro-Abu-Jamal group.

The fund deleted the disclosure from its literature after the union representing
Philadelphia police officers condemned the fund in 1995 for assisting the
Abu-Jamal crusade and said it should not be allowed to participate in the annual
charitable fund-raising drive directed at city employees.

But the Black United Fund did not sever its ties to the Abu-Jamal campaign.
Instead, it continued to serve as a conduit for Abu-Jamal contributions,
forwarding them to a group called the International Concerned Family and Friends
of Abu-Jamal.

Mayor Rendell's spokesman said yesterday that news of the continuing
relationship was troubling. After the 1995 protests by the Fraternal Order of
Police, the city said it asked for and received assurances that the Black United
Fund was not financially involved with the Abu-Jamal group.

No city employees' money went unknowingly to the International Concerned Family
and Friends. The issue, city officials said, was that employees were asked to
make charitable donations to the Black United Fund not knowing of its link to
the Abu-Jamal movement.

"We are very unhappy," said Kevin Feeley, Rendell's spokesman. "If they are in
fact aiding and abetting the fund-raising ability of [the Abu-Jamal
organization], that is something we have a problem with. If we weren't told
that, I question whether we were misled."

Officials of the Black United Fund had no comment, spokeswoman Marilyn Jewett
said yesterday.

Since 1991, the fund has accepted donations on Abu-Jamal's behalf and passed
them on to the International Friends group. On Web sites and in literature,
leaders of the Abu-Jamal crusade urge supporters to send "tax-deductible"
donations to the fund, earmarked for Abu-Jamal's cause.

On Wednesday, the fund disclosed that it had collected $203,000 in such
donations in the last eight months. The fund's president, Linda Waters
Richardson, made the disclosure amid controversy over whether it is proper for a
charity to funnel tax-deductible donations to the Abu-Jamal group, which is not
tax-exempt.

Lawyers specializing in charities law and a top IRS official have said it is
questionable whether such an arrangement squares with federal tax law.

Since the mid-1980s, the Black United Fund has been one of 14 umbrella charities
participating in the City of Philadelphia Employees' Combined Campaign, to which
14,000 employees contribute each year. The umbrella charities use the money to
give grants to other nonprofit organizations.

Workers can direct payroll deductions to organizations such as the Federation
Allied Jewish Appeal, United Negro College Fund and United Way. In its 1998-99
drive, the Combined Campaign raised $1,700,000, of which $98,000 went to the
Black United Fund.

The Black United Fund directs contributions to dozens of African American
charities, such as the Philadelphia Black Women's Health Project and the John W.
Coltrane Cultural Society.

In addition to cash grants, the fund offers "technical assistance," such as
bookkeeping and money management, to nonprofits such as the Point Breeze
Performing Arts Center, the 1997 Million Woman March, and the Abu-Jamal group.
The fund charges a service fee of between 4 and 10 percent of the money it
handles.

From 1992 to 1995, the Black United Fund literature distributed to city
employees listed the Abu-Jamal organization among those receiving technical
assistance.

The FOP objected in 1995 after a member noticed the reference. Abu-Jamal was
convicted of murdering Police Officer Daniel Faulkner on a Center City street in
1981. Other city employees also raised eyebrows.

"People were saying, 'We don't want to give because Mumia is in the book,' "
recalled Nan Langen Steketee, head of a nonprofit that manages the Combined
Campaign for the city.

The concerns went up the chain of command to the deputy mayor who oversees the
city's charitable drive, believed to be the most successful of its kind in the
nation.

Feeley said it was his understanding the city was given assurances by the Black
United Fund that its involvement with Abu-Jamal was not financial.

"It was our understanding that no money was flowing to Mumia," he said. "It was
on that condition that they were allowed to stay in" the campaign.

After 1995, the Abu-Jamal group no longer appeared in the Black United Fund's
literature - though the relationship between the two continued.

"They were still doing the offensive conduct, but they were hiding it," said
Richard Costello, president of the FOP lodge, which represents 13,000 active and
retired officers. "There's no question that it raises a serious issue of
deception."

Thomas Paine Cronin, president of District Council 47, representing 5,500
white-collar city employees, said the Black United Fund's failure to disclose
its relationship with the Abu-Jamal group was not a major issue.

"I support the Black United Fund's participation in the Combined Campaign much
as I do the Catholic Charities" and other umbrella organizations, said Cronin, a
co-chair of the Combined Campaign.

"And with groups like those, I don't necessarily agree 100 percent with what
they do. . . . There are so many good and decent programs that all of these
organizations have that I think it would be a mistake to withdraw donations."

Steketee stressed that no money earmarked for the Black United Fund from city
workers was passed on to the Abu-Jamal campaign.

Costello said that was not the point. "The fact that they're acting as a conduit
for money supporting a cop killer is enough," he said.

For 30 years, the FOP had not participated in the city's fund-raising drive.
About 1995, Costello said, then-police Commissioner Richard Neal approached the
union about joining.

Costello said he brought the request up with members at an FOP meeting and a
police officer immediately cited the the campaign brochure, in which
International Concerned Family and Friends of Abu-Jamal was listed among the
groups receiving "technical assistance" from the Black United Fund.

After the meeting, Costello said, he pointed out the connection to Neal.
Costello said Neal said: "That's outrageous. Forget my request."

Neal confirmed Costello's account and said that, if he were still on the force,
"under no circumstances would any of my money" go to the Black United Fund.

While the Black United Fund has tax-exempt federal status, its financial affairs
have been in some disarray in recent years. By failing to pay $175 in state
charges, it lost its registration with the state Bureau of Charitable
Organizations at the end of 1995, according to state officials.

The fund took steps this week to try to restore its charitable registration,
filing overdue financial reports.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 7, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Emerge' ready to surge;
Magazine out Sept. 18

BYLINE: Pat Guy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 270 words



After stumbling out of the starting gate, Emerge, a monthly news magazine for
black professionals, is about to hit newsstands.

The cover story in the premier issue, available Sept. 18, profiles 60 Minutes
reporter Ed Bradley. ''He's representative of the magazine's audience'' of
upwardly mobile blacks, says Wilmer C. Ames Jr., Emerge founder and editor in
chief.

Other articles in the 80-page October issue: ''Are Blacks Better Athletes? Who
Knows? Who Cares?''; a feature on the changing face of black music; an
appreciation of author James Baldwin; and an interview with Yale Repertory
Theatre's artistic director Lloyd Richards. Cost: $ 1.95 per issue.
Already Ames is planning changes - he wants to give more zip to the graphics and
use larger photographs.
The premier issue has 19.3 pages of ads, many for cigarettes, cars and liquor.
Says Cynthia Marshall, media director of the black ad agency Caroline Jones
Advertising: ''I think it's a winner. I like the seriousness of it. I like the
layout.''

Emerge promises advertisers circulation of 150,000.  A one-year subscription for
10 issues is $ 14.95. (Double issues in July/August and December/January.)

Ames, a former reporter for Time and Sports Illustrated, finds it hard to
believe he's holding a copy of the premier issue in his hands.

Late in August 1988, financing fell through. Ames owed creditors $ 850,000, and
his lawyers suggested he file for protection in bankruptcy court. He didn't.
Instead, Ames held off publication, set for last September.  ''I didn't want the
magazine to disappear after the first issue,'' he says. Now he's got an
estimated $ 6 million in the bank. Backing Emerge Communications Inc. are Time
Warner Inc. (which has a 19% stake), District Cablevision Inc.  of Washington,
D.C., Syndicated Communications Inc. and Black Entertainment Television.

Ames doesn't plan to see Emerge submerge again: ''Now we have enough money to
last through five years of development,'' he says.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY (Wilmer C.  Ames Jr.);
PHOTO; b/w, H. Darr Beiser (Wilmer C.  Ames Jr.)

CUTLINE: WILMER AMES: Emerge founder plans changes CUTLINE: AMES: 'Enough money
to last through...development.'

TYPE: Insiders; Media

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              593 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                             July 22, 2010 Thursday

STATE'S FIRST HUMAN TRAFFICKING CASE HEADING TO TRIAL SOON

BYLINE: STACI MATLOCK

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A-7

LENGTH: 347 words


She was 18 years old and homeless.

He offered her food, shelter, money.

Then he offered her up for sale to others, sex for money.

He kept the money.

He kept her against her will and forced her to do his bidding.

That's the case the New Mexico attorney general is making against Tilford Black
in the state's first human trafficking case under a law passed here in 2008.

Black, a Nevada resident, was indicted by a grand jury in April and arrested by
the Albuquerque Police Department's Vice Unit at a motel where he allegedly
forced the young woman into prostitution. Black is charged with human
trafficking, a third-degree felony, promoting prostitution and accepting the
earnings of a prostitute, both fourth-degree felonies, and driving with a
revoked or suspended license.

According to his indictment, reported on by KRQE at the time, Black "knowingly
recruited, solicited, enticed, obtained or transported the victim with the
intent or knowledge that force, fraud or coercion was used to subject her to
engage in commercial sexual activity."

The case may go to trial soon, according to Maria Sanchez-Gagne, an assistant
attorney general prosecuting the case.

Black is represented by Albuquerque attorney John T. Grubesic. Attempts to reach
him for comment were unsuccessful.

Sanchez-Gagne said her division has learned much from working this first case.
The most important, she said Wednesday during a human trafficking training at
Christus St. Vincent Regional Medical Center in Santa Fe, was to protect the
victim. Her testimony is critical in the case.

She said the state is investigating several other human trafficking cases
through a team involving state, local and federal agencies.

Human trafficking is estimated to be a $9 billion to $12 billion industry in New
Mexico, according to Sanchez-Gagne. It is the second most lucrative illicit
business after drug trafficking. Unlike drugs and arms trafficking, humans can
be exploited multiple times after the initial "point of sale," she said. Human
services -- sex, labor or both -- can be used by traffickers for years to make
profits.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved


                              594 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Arizona: A Ponzi Scheme Collapses

LENGTH: 595  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Nearly a dozen fraudsters who conspired to operate a $40 million Ponzi scheme
will be spending plenty of time behind bars after a joint effort by the FBI, the
Internal Revenue Service, and the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Western District
of North Carolina. Among those now serving time is the scheme's mastermind,
Keith Franklin Simmons, who was sentenced to 40 years in prison late last year.
And just last month, the 11th and final defendant in the conspiracy--Jonathan D.
Davey--was sentenced to more than 21 years.

The federal judge who sentenced Davey said the term handed down reflected the
effects of the fraud on its 400 or so victims--mainly elderly and
vulnerable--and that the scheme resulted in "life-wrecking damage" and caused
victims to lose "life savings, trust, faith, and their sense of dignity."In
2007, Simmons--a North Carolina businessman looking for a way to make easy money
--formulated an investment scheme called "Black Diamond," which he advertised as
a legitimate hedge fund involved in foreign currency trading. Black Diamond,
according to Simmons, had significant safeguards in place to protect investors,
was independently audited, and had consistently high rates of return. None of
that, of course, was true.

To help solicit investors from around the country, Simmons--through a
co-conspirator--recruited a number of individuals to serve as regional managers
of his hedge fund. Most of these "managers" had insurance experience and were
well versed in selling annuity products, often to the elderly. So they solicited
previous customers--as well as friends, family, and acquaintances. These early
investors were promised financial compensation for bringing new investors on
board, so they in turn praised Black Diamond and its high rate of return to
their friends, family, and acquaintances. Unfortunately, not a single dollar of
investor funds was actually invested.

Also brought on board to oversee the various hedge fund managers--and the money
--was Davey, a certified public accountant and investment manager in Ohio. Davey
controlled most of the funds from the scheme and published a website for
investors that reflected false returns. By the end of the scheme, the website
showed that the value of investor accounts was more than $120 million, but in
reality, all of the accounts totaled less than $1 million.

Black Diamond made the perpetrators--in particular Simmons and Davey--very rich.
And as long as new money was coming in, they were able to keep making some
payments to their early investors while at the same time continuing to fund
their lavish lifestyles, which included mansions, luxury vehicles, and expensive
trips.

But as all Ponzi schemes usually do at some point, Black Diamond began to
collapse in on itself--there was not enough new money coming in to keep the old
investors satisfied or to continue lining the pockets of the criminals running
the fraud. So around March 2009, a new Ponzi scheme was begun, but this time
some of the money from investors in the new scheme went to make payments to the
investors of the old scheme, and the rest went to the criminals.

It was the beginning of the end, however. Acting on allegations of suspicious
financial activity, the FBI--with its partners--was already investigating Black
Diamond. By December 2009, ringleader Keith Franklin Simmons was in custody, and
the arrests of his co-conspirators eventually followed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Twin City police seek suspect in 2 robberies

BYLINE: Pantagraph staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 211 words


BLOOMINGTON - Police in Bloomington and Normal are investigating a pair of
weekend armed robberies that may be connected.

Upon the officer's arrival, the clerk had locked herself in the manager's office
but was unharmed, said police spokesman Dave White.

The suspect was described as a black male who was about 6 feet tall with a
stocky build. He wore black clothing, including a sweatshirt with a hood pulled
up over a baseball cap, and carried a black handgun.

The clerk was ordered to empty the cash registers, put the money in a bag and
lie face down while the suspect left, White said.

About 40 minutes later, the Circle K at 1606 N. Main St., Normal, was robbed,
said Normal Police Chief Rick Bleichner.

The description was nearly identical, and Bleichner said the man entered the
store, approached the clerk, displayed the weapon and demanded money.

The description in that case indicated the robber was a black man who was about
20 to 30 years old, about 5 feet 7 inches to 6 feet tall with a stocky build,
black hair, a thin mustache and sideburns and brown eyes. He was wearing a
black, hooded sweatshirt and dark blue or black pants.

There were no injuries reported in either incident.

In each case, the suspect left with an undisclosed amount of money.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robbery suspect

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Pantagraph


                              596 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday

Stay in US until I send you to jail, judge orders Black;
'Black is not a man to run and hide' Judge Amy St Eve

BYLINE: ED HARRIS

SECTION: B; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 455 words


CONRAD BLACK'S £15 million bail has been extended but the disgraced former
newspaper tycoon today remains confined to an area around Chicago and his
Florida estate while he awaits sentencing.

Judge Amy St Eve refused a request by Black's lawyers to allow him to go back to
his Toronto home as he waits to learn how long he will spend in prison. The
former Daily Telegraph owner will appear in her court on 30 November.

Black, 62, was convicted last month of three counts of fraud and one count of
obstructing justice for paying himself £1.5million in illegal bonuses in the
form of so-called non-compete payments from Chicagobased Hollinger International
Prosecutors had urged the judge to jail Black immediately.

They claimed he posed a flight risk because he misled the court in providing
collateral for his bail and made critical comments about the government's case
in the 15-week trial. Judge St Eve disagreed.

"He's not a man to run and hide," she said at the bail hearing yesterday.

But she also said she was not persuaded by defence arguments that Black would
not fight extradition from Canada, which would delay his sentencing.

Prosecutors say they will seek a prison sentence of between 24 to 30 years for
Black. The defence says his conviction calls for about five years.

After the guilty verdict on 13 July, Black surrendered his British passport and
the judge ordered him to remain in the Chicago area. Black gave up his Canadian
citizenship to become a member of the House of Lords in 2001.

At a hearing on 19 July, the judge also allowed Black to travel to his home in
Palm Beach, Florida.

The latest setback for Black comes as a private investigator accuses him of
hiding money by moving £27 million between accounts across the world.

Juval Aviv, president and chief executive of Interfor, a private investigations
firm based in New York, made the claim in a sworn affidavit filed in a Chicago
court yesterday.

Much of the money had passed through or was "currently domiciled" in Gibraltar,
he said, and continued: "The estimates I have received regarding the amount of
money vary widely but several sources have all told me the same amount, namely
approximately £27 million in Gibraltar.

"These funds have gone through financial institutions in Luxembourg, the
Caribbean, the UK and Channel Islands from 2005 to present." Some of the money
appeared to have originated in a National Westminster account in Jersey and two
accounts in Barbados. In a further humiliation, the Canadian public has voted
Black their tenth worst countryman of all time.

In a poll carried out by historical magazine The Beaver the fallen peer was only
one place better than Clifford Olson, Vancouver serial killer who murdered 11
children in the Eighties..

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                November 07, 1999, Sunday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Faulk's parents say they took payments

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; NOTEBOOK; COLLEGE FOOTBALL; Pg. 16C

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: LAFAYETTE, La.



The parents of former LSU running back Kevin Faulk told police they took more
than $ 5,000 from a man being investigated for his alleged ties to sports agent
William "Tank" Black and Black himself, a lawyer for the parents said.

According to their attorney, Faulk's parents said they received most of the
money from Randall "Banks" Menard, who was arrested Wednesday by the LSU Police
Department and accused of offering bribes in an attempt to induce two LSU
players to sign with a specific agent.

Gerald and Vivian Faulk made the disclosure during a recent meeting with LSU
police, attorney Kevin Tauzin said.

"They feel used," Tauzin said. "They thought this guy was a family friend
helping them out when he had an ulterior motive."

The parents took money between the end of Faulk's junior year and his senior
year at LSU, but Faulk did not know about it, Tauzin said. He said all the money
received was in cash.

Lewis Unglesby, a lawyer representing Menard, declined comment. Black did not
return messages left at his office.

The parents realized toward the end of Faulk's senior season the money was meant
to influence their son's choice of a sports agent, Tauzin said.

SHOTS FIRED AT STADIUM: The ex-wife of an ABC cameraman allegedly pulled a gun
and fired two shots at him inside Ross-Ade Stadium several hours before Purdue's
game with Wisconsin, authorities said.

Samuel Tamez, 42, a freelance cameraman, was not injured.

The woman, Terry M. Tamez, 37, was taken into custody and faces a preliminary
charge of attempted murder, Purdue spokeswoman Jeanne Norberg said.

The shots from a .38-caliber revolver were fired in the north end zone.

Few people were in the stadium when the shooting occurred a few minutes before
noon. The game began at 3:30 p.m.

LOMBARDI FINALISTS ANNOUNCED: Florida State's Corey Simon, Virginia Tech's Corey
Moore and Penn State's LaVar Arrington and Courtney Brown were picked as
finalists for the Lombardi Award.

Penn State is the first team to have two finalists since 1978. That season, the
Nittany Lions' finalists were Matt Millen and Bruce Clark, the eventual winner.

The award will be presented Dec. 8.

BAR LOSES LICENSE: A bar where three Syracuse players were stabbed last weekend
had its liquor license suspended.

The New York state Liquor Authority voted to immediately suspend the license of
Sadie's Place.

At Syracuse's game Saturday, the three players made a pregame appearance.

DB David Byrd, the most seriously injured of the three, underwent several hours
of surgery after being stabbed five times. Junior DE Duke Pettijohn and
sophomore OL Giovanni DeLoatch also were wounded.

ETC.: Gary Smeck threw four first-half touchdowns as Mount Union picked up its
51st consecutive victory with a 59-21 win against Muskingum. Nevada's Trevor
Insley caught 14 passes for 254 yards to become the NCAA career leader in
receiving yardage with 4,660. Houston's Ketric Sanford rushed 212 yards to reach
3,424 for his career, surpassing Chuck Weatherspoon's 3,247 rushing yards for
the Cougars' career rushing record.

RECORD RUNNER: Miami of Ohio RB Travis Prentice scored three times in a 32-23
win against Akron to push his career total to 76 touchdowns, surpassing the NCAA
record set last year by Ricky Williams. Prentice's final touchdown, on a 72-yard
run, clinched the victory and pushed his career scoring total to 456 points,
breaking the Division I-A mark Williams set last year by four points. Prentice
ran for a school-record 372 yards on 41 carries, the fifth-best single-game
rushing total in Division I-A history.

- TIMES WIRES


LOAD-DATE: November 8, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              598 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 3, 1993, Saturday

Georgia farmer was victim of racial bias

BYLINE: By Mark Silk STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section A; Page 5

LENGTH: 598 words


Spurred by Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy's promise to wipe out racial
discrimination in farm programs, his department's civil rights office has
determined that agriculture officials in Georgia blatantly discriminated against
a black Elbert County farmer.

The civil rights office said Georgia administrators of the department's lending
agency lent Welchel Long money they knew he could not repay, withheld required
technical assistance and failed to get him his money when he needed it.

But despite blaming the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) for sinking Mr. Long
$ 300,000 into debt, the civil rights office did not order the loans forgiven,
raising questions about how far Mr. Espy is prepared to go to remedy FmHA's
discriminatory practices.

"It sounds good," Mr. Long said. "But what it really means, I don't know. I want
them to give me my farm back clear."

Over the past decade, the number of black-owned farms in the nation has declined
from 45,000 to an estimated 11,000 to 15,000. A 1990 congressional report called
FmHA a "catalyst" in the disappearance of minority-owned farms.

Mr. Long, 70, began borrowing money from FmHA in 1978 to plant cotton, wheat and
soybeans on his 162-acre farm near Elberton. But money to buy herbicides would
arrive when the weeds were waist-high, and he would lose his crop. Or he would
receive money to buy land but not operating funds, so he couldn't get seeds into
the ground.

He fell deeper and deeper into debt.

A leader of the Elbert County NAACP, Mr. Long worked for black voting rights and
helped integrate the county fire department. Rather than let FmHA foreclose, he
charged the agency with discrimination.

In 1982, state FmHA Director Orson Swindle dismissed Mr. Long's charges, calling
him a "lifelong complainant about discrimination." When a member of FmHA's equal
opportunity staff examined the cases of Mr. Long and 11 other black Elbert
County farmers in 1983, he concluded that FmHA's financing was too little, too
late.

Mr. Swindle was ordered to employ a farm manager to make sure the black farmers
got their money on time. The man was given other duties, then transferred.

"The way they have handled this case and the way they have handled other cases I
have seen in the past 10 years is one of the major reasons people don't trust
government," said Rep. Don Johnson (D-Ga.).

This spring, after inquiries from Mr. Johnson, the department began a new
investigation of Mr. Long's case.

James Westbrooks of the civil rights office said there had been more than 10
findings of racial discrimination in FmHA since Mr. Espy took over, compared
with none during all the years of the Reagan and Bush administrations, he said.

Yet the consequences of these findings remain unclear.

In a letter to Mr. Long, the head of the civil rights office said he had
instructed FmHA to "initiate and implement a course of action which provides
options to you to reduce and/or alleviate your debt liability with FmHA."

This, said Randi Roth, Mr. Long's lawyer, "brightly illustrates the problems
that are still unresolved in the agency's civil rights procedures. They've found
discrimination, but it's stunning that they don't tell the person what remedy
they'll offer."

Mr. Westbrooks said FmHA could write off Mr. Long's loans, but that he didn't
know whether that would be one of the options. "The secretary would want Mr.
Long to be made whole," he said.

According to Mr. Westbrooks, that does not mean Mr. Long is entitled to recover
compensatory damages for lost income, pain and suffering or attorney's fees.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931850048

GRAPHIC: photo: Welchel Long, shown on his Elbert County farm in March, has now
been vindicated in his claim of discrimination. / JEAN SHIFRIN / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              599 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             July 3, 1993, Saturday

Georgia farmer was victim of racial bias

BYLINE: By Mark Silk STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section A; Page 5

LENGTH: 598 words


Spurred by Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy's promise to wipe out racial
discrimination in farm programs, his department's civil rights office has
determined that agriculture officials in Georgia blatantly discriminated against
a black Elbert County farmer.

The civil rights office said Georgia administrators of the department's lending
agency lent Welchel Long money they knew he could not repay, withheld required
technical assistance and failed to get him his money when he needed it.

But despite blaming the Farmers Home Administration (FmHA) for sinking Mr. Long
$ 300,000 into debt, the civil rights office did not order the loans forgiven,
raising questions about how far Mr. Espy is prepared to go to remedy FmHA's
discriminatory practices.

"It sounds good," Mr. Long said. "But what it really means, I don't know. I want
them to give me my farm back clear."

Over the past decade, the number of black-owned farms in the nation has declined
from 45,000 to an estimated 11,000 to 15,000. A 1990 congressional report called
FmHA a "catalyst" in the disappearance of minority-owned farms.

Mr. Long, 70, began borrowing money from FmHA in 1978 to plant cotton, wheat and
soybeans on his 162-acre farm near Elberton. But money to buy herbicides would
arrive when the weeds were waist-high, and he would lose his crop. Or he would
receive money to buy land but not operating funds, so he couldn't get seeds into
the ground.

He fell deeper and deeper into debt.

A leader of the Elbert County NAACP, Mr. Long worked for black voting rights and
helped integrate the county fire department. Rather than let FmHA foreclose, he
charged the agency with discrimination.

In 1982, state FmHA Director Orson Swindle dismissed Mr. Long's charges, calling
him a "lifelong complainant about discrimination." When a member of FmHA's equal
opportunity staff examined the cases of Mr. Long and 11 other black Elbert
County farmers in 1983, he concluded that FmHA's financing was too little, too
late.

Mr. Swindle was ordered to employ a farm manager to make sure the black farmers
got their money on time. The man was given other duties, then transferred.

"The way they have handled this case and the way they have handled other cases I
have seen in the past 10 years is one of the major reasons people don't trust
government," said Rep. Don Johnson (D-Ga.).

This spring, after inquiries from Mr. Johnson, the department began a new
investigation of Mr. Long's case.

James Westbrooks of the civil rights office said there had been more than 10
findings of racial discrimination in FmHA since Mr. Espy took over, compared
with none during all the years of the Reagan and Bush administrations, he said.

Yet the consequences of these findings remain unclear.

In a letter to Mr. Long, the head of the civil rights office said he had
instructed FmHA to "initiate and implement a course of action which provides
options to you to reduce and/or alleviate your debt liability with FmHA."

This, said Randi Roth, Mr. Long's lawyer, "brightly illustrates the problems
that are still unresolved in the agency's civil rights procedures. They've found
discrimination, but it's stunning that they don't tell the person what remedy
they'll offer."

Mr. Westbrooks said FmHA could write off Mr. Long's loans, but that he didn't
know whether that would be one of the options. "The secretary would want Mr.
Long to be made whole," he said.

According to Mr. Westbrooks, that does not mean Mr. Long is entitled to recover
compensatory damages for lost income, pain and suffering or attorney's fees.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931850048

GRAPHIC: photo: Welchel Long, shown on his Elbert County farm in March, has now
been vindicated in his claim of discrimination. / JEAN SHIFRIN / Staff

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              600 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 10, 1990, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

PRIORITIES MUST SHIFT, SAY BLACKS 'WE MUST INVEST IN OUR PEOPLE,' LOCAL URBAN;
LEAGUE HEAD SAYS

BYLINE: Cynthia Todd Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: WAR PAGE; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 720 words


AN AID PROGRAM pushed Tuesday by Urban League President John E. Jacob in the
organization's annual report on black America is not just an agenda for black
people but an agenda for the entire country, says the local president of the
league, James Buford.  ''We've got to come back home and work on what is here,''
Buford said Tuesday in a telephone interview. ''What do you want - an economic
deficit, or a human resource deficit?  ''If you don't go ahead and start
preparing our workforce for the year 2000, you'll have to pay later - and then
you won't have to worry about an economic deficit,'' he said. The United States
will no longer be a world player, he said.  Jacob, in the civil rights
organization's 15th annual report, called for the federal government to develop
a $50 billion program with an emphasis on developing effective programs in
education, jobs and training, health care and housing for minorities and women.
Jacob projected that those two groups would provide the largest share of new
workers during the 1990s.  Jacob said the plan could be paid for with part of a
$150 billion savings realized by halving the Defense Department's budget.  St.
Louis' Buford called the plan ''doable'' and added that without it, the country
would fail to compete in a gobal economy.  ''We must invest in our people,''
Buford said. ''We still can invest in our people and reduce our deficit.'' Top
Students Fear Lack Of School Aid When the Urban League talks about people as
resources, it's talking about Daniel Lawrence McFarland and Jermaine Wider. The
two are seniors at the Classical Senior Academy at 918 Union Boulevard.  On
Tuesday, they talked about how much their future rests on getting help now.
McFarland, eighth in his class, hopes to study engineering at the University of
Pennsylvania - cost: $28,500 a year.  Wider, 13th in the class, wants to go to
the Massachusetts Institute of Technology - cost: $21,000 a year.  But a lack of
federal tuition aid could hamper their dreams.  ''Money is sparse,'' said Wider,
who is trying to round some up for his education. ''Scholarships are so
competitive, and you can't rely on federal aid any more. They're cutting more
and more. Even if you're top of the line, you're on a waiting list.'' McFarland
said, ''My parents are just assuming I'll get school money.'' His father, a
self-employed sign-painter, must support a family of seven on about $20,000 a
year.  What about a loan? ''I don't want to take out a loan, because I won't
have money to pay it back,'' he said. Without scholarships, he said, ''I don't
know where the money would come from.''

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEADSHOT of James Buford

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              601 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            January 6, 2004, Tuesday

BLACK BLEW IT: FINANCIAL FOOT-DRAGGING MAY LEAD TO HIS OUSTER

BYLINE: TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 031

LENGTH: 729 words


Conrad Black's failure to start paying back money he owes to Hollinger
International on time has sparked negotiations that may lead to his ouster from
the company, say sources close to the situation.

Richard Breeden, who is heading an investigation into alleged financial
shenanigans at Hollinger International, was outraged yesterday that Black failed
to make the first of several payments to the company.

Black was scheduled to repay $850,000 as part of an agreement he reached when he
stepped down as CEO in November, sources say. He remains as chairman.

Black, his deputy, David Radler, and Hollinger Inc. - the Toronto-based holding
company that Black controls - have agreed to pay back some $32 million in
non-compete fees they collected. The board concluded those fees were either not
authorized or were improperly disclosed.

One source said Black's exit as chairman could be imminent. Another confirmed
that Black's stepping down is under review.

A Black spokesman said in a published report that the newspaper baron did not
make the payment because he has not completed his own probe into the alleged
financial wrongdoing.

Breeden said yesterday: "In the view of the special committee, there is not any
doubt whatsoever that the payments in connection with these supposed
'non-compete' agreements relating to the sales of U.S. community newspapers were
not authorized by Hollinger International's board, and this issue is not the
subject of further review, inquiry or negotiation."

Breeden also said yesterday that his committee had found fee-related documents
that had been backdated to give the appearance of board approval.

The company gave Black a two-week extension to make the initial payment "in
connection with ongoing negotiations with him on a range of other issues,"
Hollinger said in a statement. The payment had been due Dec. 31.

John Warden, Black's attorney, said in a statement: "There is substantial
additional material relevant to the disputed non-compete payments that has
become available to Lord Black's legal counsel since questions about those
payments were first raised in November, and we are reviewing the implications of
that information."

Sources close to the company say Black does not have the money to make the
payment, since his wealth is tied up in his Hollinger stake - which the company
would object to him selling - and real estate. Black owns opulent properties in
New York City, Toronto, Palm Beach and London. Sources say Black has been
quietly shopping his London residence for weeks.

Hollinger International operates the London Daily Telegraph, the Chicago
Sun-Times and the Jerusalem Post, among other newspapers.

Hollinger International's board of directors, stocked with Black friends such as
Henry Kissinger, former Illinois Gov. Jim Thompson and ex-Pentagon official
Richard Perle, has also come under fire for approving exorbitant management fees
and the sale of assets to Black-controlled private company with little or no
discussion.

A lawsuit unsealed last week by a Delaware Court provided a window into the
behind-the-scenes machinations at the company and painted a picture of a board
that routinely approved questionable deals with Black and others, often without
discussing them outside the presence of management.

The suit, filed by institutional investor and Hollinger shareholder Cardinal
Value Equity Partners, was based in part on board minutes obtained by Cardinal.

Yesterday a judge issued a stay in the case - which the company had requested
until the Breeden probe is completed.

The special committee investigation was launched last year after Tweedy Browne,
another Hollinger shareholder, raised a host of concerns about the financial
doings at Hollinger. The probe is expected to be finished in the first quarter
of 2004.

The SEC and the Justice Department have opened their own probes.

Living dangerously

Conrad Black has failed to repay money he owes Hollinger International, raising
speculation he may be ousted. Details:

* Black was supposed to make a $850,000 payment

* The non-payment outraged Richard Breeden, chairman of a committee probing
Hollinger

* Black claims he didn't pay because his own probe of Hollinger finances isn't
finished


LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Conrad Black, Hollinger International chairman.

Richard Breeden Hollinger sleuth.

           Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              602 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             June 8, 2005 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

A CHANCE TO MOVE ON

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A04

LENGTH: 521 words


It's understandable why many Augustans feel bad for Charles Walker's family, but
many also feel sorry for Walker himself - a classic case of misplaced sympathy.

The conviction of the former state Senate majority leader last week on a
whopping 127 federal criminal charges was a betrayal of the public trust writ
large. Even so, there's at least some ambivalence about the verdict that will
likely land Walker in federal prison.

Dave Barbee, chairman of both the local Human Relations Commission and the
Richmond County Republican Party, says "the minority community is in total
disarray and total shock," but that it shouldn't be too long before a new leader
emerges.

Why one new leader? Why not many new minority leaders? A diversity of minority
leadership views is healthy.

The black community, like the white community, does not march in lockstep. With
Walker no longer dominating the spotlight, it's time other minority voices were
heard, new talent developed.

This would seem an opportune time, too, for Augusta's Community Trust
Initiative, a Chamber-inspired grass-roots effort launched two years ago to
bring the races together to promote mutual trust and, eventually, mutual
leadership. It is worthy of note that Walker and his weekly newspaper were
conspicuously absent from that endeavor, even condescending toward it. But now
that he's been discredited, he should no longer be a drag.

This presents a golden opportunity for the initiative to lead in putting
together a fresh start for the Garden City. We encourage CTI officials to step
into the vacuum to promote unity.

One area the Community Trust Initiative could help is the misplaced concern,
among some, that some blacks may see Walker's conviction "as yet another black
leader who has been brought down by people in power because he is black," as one
observer put it.

Of course, that presupposes Walker's innocence. But Walker is not innocent - no
more than former state Rep. Robin Williams, a white Republican convicted in May
for looting a mental health center here.

Look around. There are plenty of highly respected black leaders in politics who
haven't been brought down. The truth is that politicians, whatever their color,
have nothing to fear if they're honest.

Instead of feeling sorry for Walker, African-Americans ought to feel betrayed.
Consider the annual college CSRA Classic football game that Walker promoted,
ostensibly to raise money for black scholarships. The jury found he defrauded
the program, taking much of the money for himself. That's about as greedy and
low as one can go.

Don't feel sorry for Walker. Feel sorry for all the young blacks who have lost
out on scholarships, and those who may yet lose out because his crime taints the
local process of raising money for black scholarships.

This is an opportunity for a fresh start, a chance to advance the cause of
racial unity in Augusta, to move the city forward. But such opportunities must
be seized, or they slip away.

We call on our city leaders, public and private, to work as a team to realize
Augusta's untapped potential.

Earning and retaining our trust will be more important than ever now.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              603 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 10, 1991, Tuesday

RESCUING THE PAST; 3 local buildings on save list; Project targets historic
structures at black colleges

BYLINE: By Mike Christensen Journal-Constitution Washington Bureaucolleges;
blacks; buildings; conditions; atlanta/university; history

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; SECTION E; PAGE 01

LENGTH: 617 words


The Interior Department launched a multimillion-dollar project to rescue from
ruin some of the oldest buildings at the nation's historically black colleges
and universities.

Interior Secretary Manuel Lujan announced the project today during a visit to
the Atlanta University Center complex, site of three of the deteriorating
buildings: Gaines Hall at Morris Brown College, Graves Hall at Morehouse
College, and Packard Hall at Spelman College.

The initial list of 11 venerable structures also includes Walter B. Hill Hall,
the oldest building at Savannah State College.

"The past and present contributions of historically black colleges , and the
hope they provide for the future, is a heritage worthy of pride and a heritage
worthy of preservation," Mr. Lujan said at a ceremony on the Morehouse campus.

The project, however, will not be subsidized entirely by the Department of
Interior. It is, in fact, a fund-raising effort.

Later this month, Mr. Lujan will assemble a 17-member steering committee to
raise money from corporate and other private sources toward the total $ 20
million cost.

In two weeks, a National Park Service assessment team will return to Atlanta to
begin the evaluations of Gaines Hall, the first of seven evaluations scheduled
for completion by December. Mr. Lujan said the remaining four evaluations are
scheduled for completion next April. The 11 evaluations are estimated to cost $
200,000.; Survey planned this fall

Actual construction could take several years, depending on how much money
Congress appropriates and private donors contribute.

The project grew out of discussions several years ago between the department and
the presidents of colleges and universities worried about the fate of some of
their most historic buildings.

"It became clear that several of the buildings on these sites were in a
deteriorating state, that if work was not done, they would be in danger of
ultimately falling," said Interior Department spokesman Steve Goldstein.

School presidents submitted a list of 130 buildings in need of preservation
work, and a committee winnowed the candidates to 11 - the most significant and
the most threatened by decay.

"The Ivy League schools are well-funded, and it isn't often difficult for them
to get money," Mr. Goldstein said. "It is difficult for Tougaloo College."

Tougaloo, in a town of 1,300 in central Mississippi, is trying to save the
second-oldest building on the list - the "Mansion," built on a plantation by
slave labor in 1848 and bought for the new college in 1869.; Savannah site also
on list

Loockerman Hall in Dover, Del., is the oldest, a 1730 colonial home that after
the Civil War became the birthplace of Delaware State College.

Besides the Atlanta buildings, the list of threatened buildings also includes:

Hill Hall (1901) at Savannah State, built by student labor and long used as a
library by black residents denied the use of public libraries. Black soldiers
trained in the building during World War I.

Leonard Hall (1881) at Shaw University in Raleigh, home of the first black
medical school.

St. Agnes Hall (1896) at St. Augustine's College in Raleigh, largely built by
students and staff members from stone quarried on the campus.

White Hall (1916) at Bethune-Cookman College in Daytona Beach, Fla., the oldest
building on campus.

Howard Hall (1867) at Howard University in Washington, the only survivor of the
school's four original buildings.

Virginia Hall (1874) at Hampton University in Hampton, Va., the first permanent
building at the school, constructed partly with student labor.

Staff writer Bernadette Burden contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                              604 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 14, 2012 Thursday
                                  City Edition

OKC police look for ex-worker suspected in Braum's store robbery

BYLINE: TIM WILLERT, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE NORTH; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 384 words


Police are looking for a former Braum's employee who is suspected of using a
knife to rob a store in Oklahoma City of more than $3,000.

Oklahoma City police obtained an arrest warrant Wednesday for Andrew Marcus
Washington, 18, on a complaint of robbery with a dangerous weapon.

Washington is accused of walking into Braum's at 4335 NW 23 about 10:45 p.m.
June 6 and robbing a store employee who was counting money, according to a
probable cause affidavit.

The employee told police the robber held a very long kitchen knife with a black
handle and made slashing motions with the knife while saying "Give me the money.
I ain't playing!" the affidavit states.

The employee opened the safe and removed a deposit bag and three money trays
containing $3,000 and four checks. The robber took the money along with cash
from two tills totaling between $150 and $200, police reported.

The robber left through the back door, the employee told police.

She saw a friend of Washington's looking in the windows of the store about 10
minutes before she was robbed, according to the affidavit.

She said the unidentified man never entered the store and left in a green Lexus
car, police reported.

The employee told police the robber was wearing all-black clothing, including a
black hooded sweatshirt, black pants and black pantyhose over his face.

He was wearing white tennis shoes and had a glove on one hand, the affidavit
states.

The employee told police she recognized the voice, the mannerisms and the build
of the robber as being those of Washington, the affidavit states.

Washington was fired in May. The store manager said Washington was fired for
poor performance and being suspected of stealing money.

According to the affidavit, another Braum's employee told police she was with
Washington on the night of the robbery, and that he came by her apartment with
two friends. The woman told police when the visitors learned she had been sent
home early from work they looked at each other in a "suspicious" manner.

The employee said Washington and the others left about her apartment about 10:40
p.m., and that it takes only a couple of minutes to get to the store. She told
police Washington was wearing a black long-sleeved shirt when he left her
apartment, and they left in a green Jeep or SUV, police reported.


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              605 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           January 25, 2007 Thursday

Governor's surprise gift to beef up fundraising staff

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1412 words


The United Negro College Fund didn't expect to get a $1 million donation from
the state of Illinois, especially since none of the 105 historically black
colleges in the United States are in Illinois.

But, in the kind of apparently spur-of-the-moment process he sometimes employs,
Gov. Rod Blagojevich announced the donation at the annual UNCF Black and White
Ball, held in Chicago June 10 - during the governor's re-election campaign.

Oddly for a publicity-crazed administration, the governor's office did not issue
a news release about the pledge.

However, it didn't go unnoticed by the UNCF.

"Needless to say ... we were pleasantly surprised," said JOHN DONOHUE, UNCF
executive vice president for development, in a telephone interview from
organization headquarters in Fairfax, Va. "We understood that the governor
wanted to do something, and that he would announce some sort of grant to UNCF.
But we did not know the magnitude of it.

"I found out about it right afterwards," Donohue said. "One of my folks called
me up and said, 'You'll never guess what happened.'"

Illinois apparently is the only state ever to have given the group such a gift.
And it's interesting to me that the UNCF will spend the cash not on direct
scholarships to students, but to build its fundraising team and for events and
publicity in Illinois.

The two-year contract that UNCF fashioned with the state's commerce department -
after the governor made his pledge - provides that the money will be used for
UNCF staff, rent at its Chicago office, and event and advertising costs.

The comptroller's office says the $1 million should be transferred to the UNCF
within days. The governor's administration signed off on the contract on Jan.
11. (When I last wrote about this donation, no contract details were available.)

Donohue couldn't recall any similar gifts from other states.

"This is leadership by example," Donohue said. "He has kind of done something
that perhaps some of the other states hadn't thought of. I'm not familiar with
anything of this nature or magnitude."

Despite the lack of a press release on the donation, Blagojevich did use the
pledge in his re-election campaign. He ran an ad in Pure News USA, a
Springfield-based newspaper targeting the black community, that said one reason
he deserved a second term was that he had "donated $1 million to the United
Negro College Fund."

The two-year contract specifies that $358,000 can be spent on personnel,
$107,400 for fringe benefits, $246,515 for rent and utilities, $50,000 for
marketing, advertising and Web site costs, and smaller amounts for travel,
commodities, printing and postage, and for auditing and legal expenses.

That's how the first $800,000 will be spent.

The other $200,000 is listed as being for "other (special events)," which would
include the Black and White Ball and a walkathon and possibly other events.

The ball attracts about 1,300 corporate and civil leaders, the contract says,
and the walkathon typically draws 1,500 to 2,000 participants.

UNCF, the agreement says, will add three fundraising professionals and two
administrative assistants, with grant funding paying part of their salaries for
two years.

Donohue said the Chicago office now has about seven employees. He doesn't expect
state money to sustain the new workers over time. Instead, he thinks the goal is
to have the new workers find new, private sources of money to sustain the office
and provide more money for scholarships.

The pitch to corporations might be that Blagojevich has shown confidence that
UNCF can boost minority education for Illinois residents and that Illinois might
have "gone out on a little bit of a limb here, perhaps. But you've got to do
likewise."

The grant contract also states that, "All of these grant funds will be used ...
to benefit Illinois residents through programs operated within the State of
Illinois."

The restriction means, Donohue said, that the employees the grant pays for will
be Illinois residents and any programs it pays for will be in the state.

However, the job description of one of the new staffers, the area development
director, says that person is responsible for a "fund-raising campaign within
his/her area of operation to support the 39 UNCF institutions and serves as an
ambassador for the ... UNCF."

UNCF is directly associated with 39 colleges and universities, all outside
Illinois. In all, Donohue said, there are 105 historically black colleges and
universities in the country, although none are in Illinois. The 105 schools
yield about a quarter of all bachelor's degrees earned by African-Americans
nationally.

Last year, 222 Illinois students received a total of $1.4 million in
scholarships from the UNCF, but "funding was not available to award scholarships
to an additional 186 qualified students," the contract says. "This project will
allow (UNCF) to reach additional qualifying students."

The UNCF, which raised $93 million nationwide in its last fiscal year, gives
about $25 million a year in unrestricted money to the 39 schools affiliated with
UNCF, helping keep tuition low. That benefits the 1,500 students from Illinois
who are among the 60,000 total students at those schools, Donohue pointed out.

Students don't have to be in historically black colleges to apply for UNCF
money. UNCF also sometimes helps set up internships with leading corporations.

BECKY CARROLL, spokeswoman for Blagojevich, said the $1 million provided by the
state serves a worthwhile goal.

"This money is going to help them build up their personnel resources so they can
raise more money in order that they can provide more grants to Illinois
students," Carroll said. "That's their goal."

I've always had the impression that the UNCF does important work. I just find it
curious that, at a time when state money is short, when many people think state
agencies don't have the staff they need, and when Illinois colleges are scraping
for all the state dollars they can get, that the governor tosses a million
dollars in taxpayer money to a well-known group and then pats himself on the
back in a targeted campaign ad.

Welcome to the world of Blagojevich.

Off to Kentucky

BECKY WATTS, who became chief of staff at the Illinois State Board of Education
in late 2005, is moving to Kentucky to become deputy to the president of Murray
State University.

Watts will be working for RANDY DUNN, who had been Illinois state school
superintendent before becoming president of the school in Murray, Ky., which has
more than 10,000 students.

"This is a big step, and it was a decision that took a lot of thought," said
Watts, 45, who has always lived in the Springfield area. "But I think it's going
to be a great opportunity to go back to higher education, at the university
level this time."

Before joining the State Board of Education staff, Watts had stints in charge of
public relations at Lincoln Land Community College and Memorial Medical Center.

She also called her new job, which starts Feb. 15, "a great opportunity to work
for Randy Dunn, who is a visionary leader and just a great guy to work for."

CHRISTOPHER KOCH, who had been the assistant superintendent for special
education, has filled the superintendent's post on an interim basis since Dunn
left in December. A permanent replacement has yet to be named. Watts said the
usual "bit of uncertainty" with a coming change at the top in the state board
helped make Dunn's offer "an opportunity I just couldn't pass up."

Watts, who makes $90,000 in her current post, is also known in Springfield for
musical performances, singing with GUS GORDON productions, heading the teen
choir and teen band at Laurel United Methodist Church, and being co-director of
8:30 a.m. jazz services at the church with her ex-husband, DICK GARRETSON.

Turns out Watts and Garretson - a trumpet and bass player and retired
Springfield public school teacher - have gotten back to together, and Garretson
is moving to Kentucky, too.

"Dick describes our divorce as having been a dismal failure, and I would have to
agree," Watts said.

Meanwhile, JOSH JACOBS, 27, who has been the state board's liaison to the Senate
for the past 21/2 years, is joining Dunn's university staff as coordinator of
special projects. He's been making $45,672.

Jacobs came to state government as a Dunn Fellow, and had the interesting
experience of splitting his year with work for former Gov. GEORGE RYAN and
Blagojevich.

Best of luck to the new Kentucky contingent.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: OP ED COLUMN. LOCAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The State Journal-Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     July 16, 1998, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

$ 1.4 billion to aid black businesses

BYLINE: Rebecca Carr

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 01A; Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 971 words

DATELINE: Washington


Reaching out to the African-American community, Vice President Al Gore will
announce today in Atlanta a new partnership between the nation's largest civil
rights organization and the Small Business Administration as part of a $ 1.4
billion loan initiative to assist black-owned businesses.

Gore's announcement, expected in a speech before the NAACP convention, is an
attempt to spur economic development in the African-American community. It also
is an attempt to court African-American voters as Gore prepares to run for
president.

Political scientists say if Gore has any chance of winning key Southern states
--- such as Georgia --- in 2000, he will need to energize a strong base of
African-American voters.

Over the past seven months, Gore has delivered a series of overtures on behalf
of the White House in the form of programs that would directly benefit
minorities: expanding tax credits to encourage construction of low-income
housing; prodding automakers to subcontract more work to minority businesses;
and allocating money to modernize and build more public schools in low-income
neighborhoods.

Today's initiative seeks to deliver $ 1.4 billion in loans to African-Americans
over the next two years and open up access to the loans, with the SBA and NAACP
encouraging black businesses to apply.

The amount represents a fourfold increase in such loans under the Clinton-Gore
administration.

African-American leaders welcomed the news that more money would be available
and that groups such as the NAACP would help steer black business owners to the
SBA to apply for loans.

"This is like a shot in the arm, an infusion of new resources, and I think this
is very good news for the African-American community," said Rep. John Lewis
(D-Ga.). But it's also good for the whole American community, because it will
create jobs, he added. And when you have jobs, you have less discrimination.

"It shows that the vice president and the president really care about the
segment in society that has been left out and left behind," said Lewis, a
veteran civil rights leader.

Lewis' comments were echoed by others.

"This is empowerment at its best," said Freman Hendrix, deputy mayor of Detroit,
where 78 percent of the population is black. "This will absolutely touch the
local economy."

Others saw it as spending money to solve racial problems, which they say will
heighten tensions between the races.

"When you start throwing money at races of people, you turn them into a
special-interest group," said Shelby Steele, a senior fellow at the Hoover
Institution at Stanford University and author of an upcoming book on race titled
"The Dream Deferred."

"Are we going to throw money at white people to get them to stop being racist?
In the end, you end up with white resentment," Steele said.

Teresa Jeter Chappell, president of the Republican Vanguard in Atlanta, a black
organization, said Gore's proposal is a brazen attempt to attract black voters
for the 2000 election. Throwing money out there is not the way to empower the
small-business entrepreneur, she said. "What works is cutting taxes and getting
all these regulatory barriers off these people."

That theory was quickly dismissed by those who have worked with Gore on other
initiatives aimed at tearing down racial barriers that still exist more than 30
years since the Civil Rights Act was adopted.

"(Gore) has not just given us lip service and rhetoric; he has stood for greater
equality and opportunity in the African-American community," said Greg Duckett,
corporate counsel for Baptist Memorial Healthcare in Gore's home state of
Tennessee.

Duckett recalled a meeting a decade ago with Gore, then a senator, on the issue
of providing more loans for black businesses. "I remember him saying that this
is all about expanding the pie instead of shifting it from one minority group to
another," Duckett said.

That appears to be what the Clinton administration has done to date. In 1997,
the SBA approved 1,810 loans to African-American businesses totaling $ 226
million. In the last year of the Bush administration, the SBA approved 709 loans
to the African-American community valued at $ 124 million.

The Clinton administration is hoping that by boosting the number of loans in the
African-American community, the black middle class will be strengthened. While
African-Americans represent 12.5 percent of the population, they own 3.6 percent
of all businesses, according to the SBA.

The partnership with the National Association for the Advancement of Colored
People is part of the larger message Gore will deliver today.

Building on a speech delivered earlier this year at Ebenezer Baptist Church in
Atlanta, the historic church of the late Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., the vice
president is expected to underscore disdain for racism and the need to bring
opportunity to the black community.

"For all our progress, we know that too many never get into the winner's circle
of this new economy," reads an excerpt of Gore's speech. "I believe we must use
today's prosperity to expand that winner's circle --- by closing the opportunity
gap in our schools, by closing the opportunity gap in our workplaces, and by
building stronger families and communities across America."

One of the ways to close the gap is through education, which Gore is expected to
address by urging Congress to support discounts on Internet connections to
public schools in impoverished areas.

"Think about it: If we put computers and the Internet in every classroom and
school library in America, along with teachers who are trained to use them, all
of our children, from the poorest inner-city schools to the most remote rural
school districts, will have access to the same vast store of knowledge," a draft
of Gore's speech says.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Metro Final Today's News

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Al Gore has delivered a series of initiatives aimed at minorities over
 the past seven months. (Ran in the Journal editions)

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              607 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  November 14, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

GOP ISSUES DATA TO DISPUTE NEW JERSEY ELECTION CLAIM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 667 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J.


Republican officials released campaign finance documents Saturday to contradict
claims that they spent $ 500,000 to hold down black turnout in the governor's
race.

The documents from Gov.-elect Christie Whitman's campaign, the Republican State
Committee and the Republican Governor's Club cover spending from Oct. 1 to Nov.
11. Although they do not indicate that money was spent to suppress voting, they
fail to provide all of the specifics.

Whitman's campaign manager, Ed Rollins, had said Nov. 3 that the GOP spent $
500,000 to suppress the black vote in the election Nov. 2. Whitman, who defeated
Democratic Gov. Jim Florio by fewer than 27,000 votes, has said none of the
"street money" was used to suppress voting.

Although Rollins retracted his statement the day after it was issued, federal
and state authorities now are investigating the matter. Rollins had said
Democratic operatives and black ministers were paid to keep the black vote down,
but no one has confirmed taking any payments.

The documents released Saturday show the GOP spent about $ 69,000 on election
"street money." The term traditionally describes money paid to people who get
out the vote on Election Day.

The documents detail what local GOP organizations received money, but they do
not say how those organizations spent it.

The spending reports were given to the media but won't be formally submitted to
the Election Law Enforcement Commission until they are due.  The campaign's
report is due Nov. 22; the Republican State Committee report is due in January.

Carl Golden, the spokesman for Whitman's campaign and transition team, said he
had no knowledge that any other groups could have spent money to suppress
voting.

Golden added, "Our purpose was to disseminate the information quickly to show
how the money was spent on Election Day.

"It is not the amount of money that Rollins claimed, nor was it used for the
purpose that Rollins said it was. There is no $ 500,000. That is a totally fake
story."

Also Saturday, the state conference of National Association for the Advancement
of Colored People branches said Whitman should not take office until the whole
matter was resolved.

Elaine C. Harrington, conference head, said this should include "delaying the
inauguration and matters relating to the transition until this issue is
settled."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              608 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 12, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

MIAMI HEARS ECHO OF ITS '80 RIOTING

BYLINE: By JON NORDHEIMER

SECTION: Section A; Page 29, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 896 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, Sept. 11


With two events last week, echoes of the Liberty City riot in May 1980 came back
once again to haunt Miami.

The Police Department cleared the way for the dismissal of two longtime officers
and the disciplining of three others implicated in what was described by the
Police Chief as a ''cover-up'' of the wounding of a black motorist at the height
of the riot.

It was also announced that a program created to assist black businesses in the
riot area was being shut and its leaders were being investigated for possible
misuse of public funds.

Mayor Maurice Ferre said he was still not satisfied with the findings of a
117-page report on the shooting of the motorist made public on Friday by the
Police Department. He said he wanted the Miami City Commission to undertake its
own investigation.

On Thursday, agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation and investigators for
Dade County seized the files of a nonprofit company set up by the county to make
low-interest Federal loans to fledgling businesses in the riot-torn Liberty City
section.

Leaders Deny Any Wrongdoing


Leaders of the company, the Economic Development Corporation of Dade County,
denied any wrongdoing and countered with a call for the Federal Government to
look into the county's community development program.

The two developments last week were stinging setbacks to a community that has
sought to erase the memory of the 1980 riot, which left a dozen people dead and
$100 million in damage.

The Miami area has a black population that is small by comparison to most large
urban areas on the eastern seaboard. Just 17 percent of Dade County's population
of 1.63 million is is black. Yet beginning with a riot that erupted at the time
of the 1972 Republican National Convention at Miami Beach, racial outbreaks have
caused trauma to a city sensitive about its image.

Jury's Action Set Riot Off


The search for racial peace intensified after the 1980 riot, which came when
police officers were freed by white jury in a trial on charges of causing the
death of a black.

The black rioting was unrelated to the influx of Cuban refugees. But the
juxtaposition led to a comparison of the relative success of the Cubans after
two decades while the black population lagged by most economic and political
measurements.

Part of the difficulty is traced to the composition of Miami's black population,
which, unlike Atlanta and New Orleans, lacked a stable black middle class.
Miami's blacks were drawn here from elsewhere in the Southeast to work in
domestic service, low-paid hotel jobs or to labor in the fields.

After the riot, local business and political leaders decided that a concerted
effort was needed to persuade blacks that they had a stake in the city's
success. The Carter Administration committed $80 million in grants and loan
guarantees and the leaders in Miami worked to raise private money to help
redevelop Liberty City.

Some efforts faltered as the Reagan Administration cut Federal grants.

It Was Seen as a Success


But the Economic Development Corporation, operated by black administrators and
volunteers working under the supervision of Dade County, was pointed out as one
response to the riot that was bringing results.

Last year that reputation started to tarnish. The Miami Herald reported that six
of nine outstanding loans were delinquent. The newspaper, in the forefront of
attempts to get economic help for Liberty City, also reported that minority
businessmen had been pressed to buy services from members of the corporation's
board or their friends.

A county audit was conducted and on Thursday the county canceled its contract
with the corporation and ordered records turned over to investigators.

The auditors said they had uncovered ''a complex pattern'' of possibly
fraudulent dealings involving $2 million in Federal money routed to it by the
county. According to the report, the corporation had doubled-billed for
consulting services. Also, loan money pledged to recipients apparently went into
certificates of deposit and the interest could not be accounted for, the
auditors said.

Inquiry on County Sought


By Friday, the director and staff of the corporation issued a statement denying
''criminal wrongdoing'' and asked the Department of Commerce to investigate
''various management improprieties'' of Dade County's community development
program.

''We don't want to sound like Richard Nixon by saying we are not crooks but we
are not hiding anything,'' said Darryl Gorham, vice president of the
corporation.

The same day, the Miami Police Department was attempting to persuade the
community that it was no longer trying to hide anything in the four-year- old
shooting. The victim, Michael Johnson, was shot in the arm in the riot in 1980
as he drove through a supermarket parking lot where the police were on guard to
prevent looting.

He charged in a $2 million suit against the city that the officer who shot him
and others in the department conspired to cover up the incident.

Police Chief Herbert Breslow, who took over the job recently, said that while it
was still unclear whether the shooting had been intentional or accidental, there
was substantial evidence to show that a ''cover-up'' in the department kept the
case from being investigated for more than three years.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              609 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                     December 26, 2004 Sunday Metro Edition

Letter of Hope;
B-ball, hard work offer path off rough road

BYLINE: By AL LESAR

SECTION: NATION; Pg. A1; ON PREPS: FIGHTING FOR THE FUTURE

LENGTH: 971 words


ELKHART -- Last Saturday's mail may have changed Bobbi Williams' life forever.

Her ticket out of some dire circumstances finally arrived.

A lifetime of dealing with an absent father, a mother who came out of prison
with a drug addiction and the lack of any semblance of stability at home was
nearing an end.

"I've been waiting for that letter from (Indiana University-Purdue
University-Indianapolis) to come for weeks,'' Williams said of the answer to her
college application. "When it showed up and started out, 'Congratulations,'' it
was the happiest day of my life.''

The Elkhart Central High School senior basketball player doesn't take happy days
for granted because they're so few and far between. Anger over the cards life
had dealt had consumed Williams' life for so many years.

"When I was younger, in junior high and as a freshman, I wouldn't hesitate to
fight because I thought it would make my anger go away,'' Williams said. "It
took a while for me to realize that fighting only caused more problems. That
wasn't the solution.''

"Bobbi's freshman year, if anything happened to her on the (basketball) court,
it always ended up in a fight,'' Blue Blazer assistant coach Janice Edwards
said. "I recall kicking her out of practice numerous times. She wouldn't listen
to anything I said. She wouldn't open up to anyone. I never gave up on her, but
I never would have bet she could be the person she is now.''

Who Williams is now is a shining example of what's good in high school sports
these days. Her role as a bench contributor for coach Jamelle Godlewski's
Blazers doesn't identify the 5-foot-6 swing player. Williams' real story is told
by:

* The 3.2 GPA and SAT score over 1000 that she has achieved;

* Her volunteer mentoring work each week with elementary students;

* The time she puts in at an Elkhart nursing home as part of the health
occupations program;

* Her job (25 hours a week during the school year, up to 50 hours a week in the
summer) as a closing manager at McDonald's on Main Street;

* And her recognition as a 21st Century Scholar, which will fund her journey to
become a pediatric nurse practitioner.

"I was scared of Bobbi when we were freshmen,'' senior teammate Mary Whisler
said. "Now, she's the reason I'm getting an 'A' in Physics. After class, she
goes over everything with me to help explain it. Once you get to know her, you
fall in love with her.''

While making just enough money to pay for her car loan, car insurance, cell
phone and food with what's left over, Williams was invited to live with a
teammate who was already adopted by a family that now has 13 children.

"I don't like to take anything from anyone,'' Williams said. "I like to think
that I'm very independent. My mother is so dependent on men and others. I don't
like handouts.''

But Williams doesn't hesitate to do the handing.

"One of our players forgot her lunch money the other day,'' Godlewski said. "She
mentioned to Bobbi how hungry she was and Bobbi gave her a $5 bill. What nobody
knew 'til later was that was all the money Bobbi had.''

"That's just me,'' Williams said of the act of kindness. "I wasn't that hungry,
anyway. Money's never been that big of an issue to me. It's just paper. I've
gotten along fine when I haven't had money, so it's not that important when I do
have it.''

Like money, holidays don't mean a lot to Williams, either.

"Christmas was never a big deal in my life,'' said Williams, who has an older
sister at Miami (Ohio) University and a younger sister who is a freshman at
Central. "If we ever did get a present from my mother, it was something from the
Salvation Army that I didn't want anyway.

"Over the years, I've been spending Christmas at the movies. This year, a friend
of mine whose family doesn't do much at Christmas is going with me to see 'Fat
Albert.'''

New Year's Day will also be Williams' 18th birthday.

"Birthdays are just another day to me, too,'' she said. "Nothing special. I'm
going to rent a scary movie, turn off my cell phone and relax. I'm a loser. My
friends want me to go out drinking with them, but that's not what I want. That's
not me.''

The bright smile, the eyes that are crisp and focused and occasional giggle show
that this young lady isn't a loser.

"Why not laugh? Why not smile?'' she said. "If things stress me, I take them out
of my life. Going through life with my mother coming home in the middle of the
night in all sorts of moods, that's stress. I didn't need that, so I got out.

"Even in middle school, I felt I was older than the kids around me. I've had to
grow up quicker than most of the kids my age. I know I'm a survivor. I like to
think that I'm normal, but my life has been different.''

"Basketball has been her life because of the stability it's given Bobbi,'' said
Edwards, who Williams points to as one of the role models she's had.

"Basketball is my outlet,'' Williams said. "When I was younger, it was some
place safe that kept me away from home. Now, it's a chance to be with so many of
my friends. It's a chance to be part of something, to work together as a team.''

"Bobbi is the kind of person who makes being a teacher and a coach more
meaningful,'' Godlewski said. "The relationship we've developed is what teaching
is all about. I've never seen her cry about her personal situation. Whenever you
talk to her about anything, she'll give you that weird smile that you can't help
but love.''

"I'm really tough on myself,'' Williams said. "In school, if I don't get an 'A,'
I consider it a failure. I like the challenge of juggling a job, basketball and
grades. I like the chance to show what I can do with hard work.

"I just wish I would have turned my life around sooner. My grades freshman year
weren't as good as they could have been. I want to be the best I can be.''


LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bobbi Williams, front row center, seems to bask in the love of the
children she lives with. The family includes, front row (from left): Alexia
Bennett, 2; Kelly Black, 11; Anita Lloyd, 4; Williams; Libby Vorhees, 18 months;
and Airck Black, 10. Middle row: Blake Black, 12; Ishmael Black, 8; and Brad
Black, 11. Back row: Stephanie Davies, 24; Nature Vorhees, 3; Carisa Black, 13;
and Letty Black, 16.  Tribune Photo/GREG SWIERCZ     Bobbi Williams flashes the
confident smile that comes from the success she has had academically, socially
and athletically.  Tribune Photo/GREG SWIERCZ     Elkhart Central's Bobbi
Williams has settled into the role of a player who comes off the bench and makes
significant contributions for the Blue Blazers.  Tribune Photo/JOE RAYMOND

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              610 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 13, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CHARITY DISPUTE SPLITS TWO FUNDS

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN TELTSCH

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 881 words


Leaders of the National Black United Fund say that despite a three-year campaign
most large corporations have not allowed their employees to earmark payroll
deductions for the charity organization.

The overwhelming majority of these concerns have given the United Way a monopoly
over their annual fund collections. Only a few companies have agreed to permit
employees to designate an alternative, such as the Black United Fund. Those
companies include the International Business Machines Corporation, Bell
Laboratories, New York Telephone and the American Telephone and Telegraph
Company.

''We're continually thwarted by the big companies,'' said Dana Alston, president
of the Black United Fund. The organization, based in New York, recently began to
mail new letters to companies asking them to include the fund in their charity
drives. When a similiar approach was last made in 1982, most companies ignored
the letters, Miss Alston said.

Some Companies Wrote Back


About 20 companies that did respond that year wrote that they preferred to deal
exclusively with the United Way and were satisifed with their arrangements.

Miss Alston said she took consolation from Black United Fund's success at I.B.M.
and the telephone companies. Last year, New York Telephone employees, given
their first chance to choose which groups would receive money donated through a
payroll deduction plan, gave $201,572 to the Black United Fund. A.T.&T. workers
contributed $63,717 and Bell Laboratory employees gave $70,000. At I.B.M., where
for the third year workers could chose a charity to designate, employees gave
$61,000 to the fund.

The money was provided to 3,000 community groups that had not received money
from the United Way, said Kermit Eady, executive director of the Black United
Fund's local New York office. That office was instrumental in bringing about the
''breakthrough in the marketplace'' at the four companies where donor options
are now permitted, according to Miss Alston.

Money for Black Charity Groups


In support of their demand for access to company charity drives, officials of
the Black United Fund contend that only 3 percent of the money collected by the
United Way reaches organizations run by blacks that serve the black community.

United Way officials maintain that about 8 percent of their funds are donated to
minority-controlled organizations. ''We oppose designating charities on a racial
basis,'' said Steve Delfin, a spokesman for the United Way. ''That's not what we
are about. What's important is our primary emphasis is on direct, human care
services in local communities to people who need them regardless of racial
composition of the agency providing the service.''

Miss Alston said the Black United Fund had not joined United Way because the
fund wanted to support a broad range of organizations, including advocacy groups
and organizations engaged in economic development work or in support of the arts
that do not qualify for United Way contributions.

''We support programs which don't comply with United Way's guidelines and have a
different focus,'' Miss Alston said. ''We also want to encourage self-help in
black communities, using our dollars to support economic development, to develop
housing and businesses and to build a black infra-structure.''

Black United Fund grants have supported, among other organizations, the Greater
Harlem Comprehensive Guidance Center, Mind Buildera Creative Art Center in the
Bronx, Third World Community Gardens, the National Conference of Black Lawyers
and the Negro Ensemble Company. According to Mr. Eady none of these groups
receive money from United Way.

In refusing requests from Black United Fund to be included in payroll deduction
programs, corporations usually say they are satisfied with the United Way's
distribution of funds. Typically, Metropolitan Life said in a letter, ''United
Way remains a valid approach to workplace solicitation and allocation among
diverse organizations and populations.''

Chapters in 15 Cities


The Black United Fund now has chapters in 15 cities. Miss Alston said its
campaigns raised $3.1 million for charity last year, mainly from payroll
deduction campaigns conducted by Federal, state and local governments that
permit employees to designate the beneficiaries of payroll deduction plans.

The dispute about payroll plan options in New York has pitted the local
affiliate of the Black United Fund, established in 1979, against a younger
organization, the Associated Black Charities, created in 1982, a member of the
Greater New York Fund/United Way.

Mr. Eady of the Black United Fund said that the newer organization was ''United
Way owned and controlled'' and that its aim was to block the progress of his own
organization.

Denying the charges, Sullivan Robinson, executive director of Associated Black
Charities, said his organization served as a federation of black groups in much
the same way as other federations that belonged to United Way represented Roman
Catholic, Protestant and Jewish organizations.

She said: ''We're interested in getting equal access to the benefits of United
Way's fund-raising for our member agencies. We want more private dollars coming
into the black community.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              611 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 23, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

At Black Colleges, Disparate Fortunes;
One Atlanta School Thrives;
Another Flails

BYLINE: Michael A. Fletcher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1798 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


The Morehouse School of Medicine celebrated the grand opening this month of its
National Center for Primary Care, a gleaming, $ 21 million brick-and-glass
research facility seen as undeniable proof of the growing significance of the
historically black institution.

Luminaries toasted the center, headed by former surgeon general David Satcher,
as one destined to become a national leader in closing the health care gap that
separates African Americans and whites.

But as the Morehouse medical school exults in the latest boost to its growing
reputation, nearby Morris Brown College is locked in a desperate fight for
survival.

The 117-year-old school -- which like Morehouse's medical school is part of the
Atlanta University Center, the nation's largest concentration of historically
black colleges -- is struggling to pay off more than $ 15 million in overdue
bills, including $ 5.4 million in federal financial aid given to students who
had dropped out or never enrolled in the school. The school's accreditation is
in jeopardy because of its financial instability and questions about the number
of faculty members who hold doctorates. Without accreditation, the school would
almost certainly be forced to close.

The contrasting fortunes of Morehouse and Morris Brown reflect the current state
of the nation's 105 historically black colleges and universities. Some are
enjoying unprecedented prosperity, raking in record gifts and attracting
increasing numbers of top-flight applicants. But others are confronted by
financial and managerial problems, declining interest from prospective students
and legal and legislative mandates that are forcing them to radically rethink
their missions or even shed their black identities.

Over the past quarter century, as the number of black college students in the
country has increased nearly 60 percent, to 1.6 million, about a dozen black
colleges have closed, researchers said. Many other historically black schools,
some with storied histories, including Fisk in Tennessee, Wilberforce and
Central State in Ohio and Louisiana's Grambling State University, have been
battered by serious financial problems in recent years.

Currently, six historically black schools, including Morris Brown, have been
given warnings or placed on probation by accreditation agencies, mostly for
financial problems. Still others are struggling with inadequate budgets,
antiquated facilities, underprepared students and aging and underfinanced
facilities -- conditions rare at most other schools. While Duke University has
installed Internet connections in lamp posts, allowing students to surf the Web
while camping out for basketball tickets, Morris Brown has at times struggled to
keep food in the cafeteria and to ensure that faculty paychecks don't bounce.

This pressure has contributed to the departure of nearly a quarter of the
presidents of the nation's historically black colleges over the past two years.
"Some of this is people being worn out by continued financial crises," said
Charles E. Taylor, Morris Brown's new president, who previously recruited
candidates for administrative posts at black colleges. "Black college presidents
typically don't have enough financial or support resources. That makes the job
much more intense."

Beyond financial woes, some black colleges are simply victims of the times.
Founded in segregation, state-supported black universities turned out
generations of black teachers, doctors, lawyers and other professionals with
only a fraction of the funding enjoyed by majority white institutions.

Efforts to boost funding in recent decades, however, often have been accompanied
by increasing legal pressure to desegregate. Several of the schools are now
predominantly white, including Bluefield State in West Virginia, West Virginia
State College and Lincoln University in Missouri. Others, including Maryland's
Bowie State University and North Carolina Central University's law school, now
have substantial white enrollments.

Many of the 39 private black schools, particularly those located in isolated,
rural areas, are struggling to compete for students, faculty and funding as new
opportunities have opened for African American students and teachers.

Despite the serious problems, black colleges and universities continue to fill
an important, if diminished, role in higher education. As recently as 1968, 80
percent of black college graduates earned their degrees at historically black
schools. Now, those schools enroll 14 percent of the nation's black college
students and account for 23 percent of those who receive college degrees,
according to U.S. Department of Education statistics. In addition, the vast
majority of African Americans with degrees in engineering, computer science,
life sciences, business, and mathematics are graduates of the schools.

"All black colleges, like everybody else, have had some difficulty with budgets
being reduced," said Frederick S. Humphries, president of the National
Association for Equal Opportunity in Higher Education, a Silver Spring-based
association of historically black colleges and universities. "But we are still
the colleges of record for graduating our students and sending them on to
graduate school."

Part of the black schools' appeal is their relatively low cost. In 2000-01, the
last year for which statistics are available, the average cost of tuition and
fees at private black colleges was $ 7,815, less than half the overall national
average for private colleges, according to the United Negro College Fund, which
has provided $ 1.7 billion in assistance to 39 private historically black
colleges over its 58-year history.

The schools also have a reputation for providing nurturing atmospheres that
allow black students to forge close relationships with faculty members and take
on leadership roles more readily than their counterparts at other universities.

"There are very few places in the country where a black student can say 'this
was built for me,' " said Beverly Daniel Tatum, president of Spelman College,
one of the nation's wealthiest and most selective black colleges.

Officials at the school say that connection enhances student achievement. For
more than a decade, tiny Xavier University in New Orleans has been the nation's
leading producer of black medical students. At Morehouse School of Medicine, the
student pass rate on the national medical licensing exam is higher than the
national average.

"We are taking a chance on students, but not much of a chance," because many
arrive with medical school admission scores at the lower end of the acceptable
range, said Dr. James R. Gavin III, the school's president. "We are confident
our students will be successful."

That success is helping Morehouse School of Medicine attract money and students,
placing the school in the company of a select group of black universities that
regularly receive multimillion-dollar grants to fund research projects and new
programs. Other black schools that have done well in recent years include the
separate Morehouse College, Howard University, Spelman College, Florida A&M,
North Carolina A&T and Hampton University in Virginia.

Some black schools are now pursuing ambitious fundraising goals that were once
unthinkable. Howard, which has an endowment of $ 324 million, has embarked on a
five-year, $ 250 million fundraising campaign. Hampton has raised more than $
200 million in recent years, and Morehouse College is in the early stages of its
own capital campaign. Spelman, meanwhile, has managed to build a $ 220 million
endowment while adding a $ 34 million science building and a $ 16 million fine
arts center to its campus.

More black schools will have to become better at fundraising if they are to
flourish in the future, experts say. Historically, the schools have relied more
heavily or corporate and foundation grants than on alumni to raise money.

"African Americans have as much money as the world's eighth-largest economy,"
said Billie Sue Schulze, a former Spelman College vice president who used to
coordinate the school's fundraising efforts. "But black colleges have been
skipping a lot of steps when it comes to soliciting money from their alumni."

Schulze is overseeing a five-year grant from the Kresge Foundation to help the
schools build their fundraising capacity. The foundation awarded $ 18 million to
five historically black colleges to help expand, train and equip their
fundraising staffs. Donations to each of the schools have risen significantly
since the grant was awarded.

At Morris Brown, the new president is struggling just to ensure that the school
survives. The college ran into deep financial problems under its former
president when it expanded enrollment without increasing dormitory capacity,
leaving students living in expensive hotels. The school also upgraded its
athletic program to Division I, a costly mistake that left the teams with few
home games and many expensive road trips, and reneged on promises to give
students laptop computers for which they had paid.

Such problems have a disproportionate impact at many black colleges because they
typically operate with a thin financial margin. In addition, some experts say,
many of their boards include directors who bring neither deft oversight nor
financial clout to the schools.

"There is a saying about governing boards and money," said William "Buddy"
Blakey, a higher education lobbyist who serves on the boards of two historically
black colleges. "Either give, get or get off." The boards of black colleges and
universities have not always followed that wisdom, he said.

Founded in 1885 by the African Methodist Episcopal Church, Morris Brown has
never had much money, but still has managed to mold generations of college
graduates, many of whom entered with only marginal high school credentials.

"We provide a high-touch education, as opposed to a high-tech education," said
Taylor, the school's president, explaining that students typically develop close
relationships with faculty.

It is a sentiment shared by many students. "Morris Brown is a family
atmosphere," said Johnecia Hardaway, a junior who hopes to be a Supreme Court
justice. "The professors here will give you the shirt off their backs if they
think you need it."

The future of the 2,500-student college will hang in the balance when Taylor and
other college officials meet with the Southern Association of Colleges and
Schools next month to try to resolve accreditation issues. Taylor has developed
a plan that calls for the school to refinance its debt, slowly pay back the
misappropriated financial aid and raise an unprecedented $ 50 million -- 10
times the school's current endowment.

"All of our problems are serious," Taylor said, "but they're not
insurmountable."

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              612 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Black asks for dismissal

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO - Conrad Black is seeking to have criminal charges against him
dismissed, arguing the United States does not have jurisdictional authority to
prosecute him and there is not enough evidence to convict him.

In court papers filed in Chicago late Friday, the former media baron said most
of the misconduct alleged by the U.S. attorney for the northern district of
Illinois took place in Canada, not the United States.

"The acts alleged to form the offence occurred in Canada. Not only does the
United States lack jurisdiction to prosecute Mr. Black ... but the venue in the
northern district of Illinois is improper," the filings say of a wire fraud
charge stemming from a transfer of money from a Toronto bank.

The filings also argued that racketeering charges should be dropped on
jurisdictional grounds.

"Of the five individuals alleged to be components of the 'enterprise,' four are
not United States citizens," say the documents, which characterize other
allegations against Black as "irrelevant, inflammatory and prejudicial." Black
was indicted on mail and wire fraud charges, which were later broadened to
include money laundering, racketeering and obstruction of justice.

The indictment accuses Black and former top executives of diverting tens of
millions of dollars from the Hollinger publishing empire, and accuses Black of
"fraudulent misuse" of perks, including $40,000 toward a birthday party for his
wife and a South Pacific vacation in which the couple flew to Bora Bora on a
corporate jet. They're accused of using a series of newspaper sales to enrich
themselves.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Conrad Black, photographed Thursday as he left his barber.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            August 5, 2006 Saturday
                                National Edition

Black 'lying' on finances: prosecutor: Demands wife provide affidavit revealing
wealth

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP5

LENGTH: 605  words


Lord Black has "squandered" every opportunity to be forthright with the United
States Justice Department by "lying" about the state of his finances, even as he
borrowed money from friends and his wife, the U.S. Attorney for the Northern
District of Illinois said in a court filing yesterday.

In the filing, U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald demanded that Lord Black's wife,
Barbara Amiel Black, turn over a "financial affidavit" revealing her worth and
the finances of a private corporation she controls.

The document is the latest development in a row that followed the U.S.
Attorney's claim in June that Lord Black misrepresented his assets when agreeing
to a $20US-million bond last November to secure his freedom until a trial next
year on fraud charges.

"Without this vital information [from Lord Black's wife], this court and the
government are still left guessing whether the current bond is adequate," Mr.
Fitzgerald said in the document.

His office initially demanded Lord Black's bail be revoked, but the U.S.
Attorney is now demanding the amount of the bond be increased to guarantee Lord
Black's continued appearances before the court to face the charges of fraud,
racketeering and money laundering.

Judge Amy St. Eve is expected to rule next Thursday.

"Black has submitted vague, incomplete and unverified information about his
finances," the U.S. Attorney said in the document filed in response to Lord
Black's revised financial affidavit filed last month.

"This raises serious questions about [the] defendant's intentions when he
promises to appear for trial in this case."

The document says Lord Black's "candor, or lack thereof, is highly relevant to
[the] court's ability to rely on assurances of his presence."

One of the "more troubling" questions raised by a revised financial affidavit
filed by Lord Black last month is "the apparent free flow of millions of dollars
to Black from his wife's corporation," said the document filed yesterday in
Chicago.

According to the filing, her company lent him $2.3-million earlier this year,
even though she appeared to owe him $7.7-million from shares in a newspaper
company he transferred to her a year ago.

It is "impossible to get an accurate picture of Black's finances without a
financial affidavit from Ms. Black and her corporation," Mr. Fitzgerald said in
the filing.

"Essentially, it appears whenever Black needs money, his wife (or at the very
least, her corporation) stands ready to provide millions of dollars in cash
without so much as a promissory note."

The filing called the Blacks' financial arrangements "unique" and said Lord
Black also received more than $600US,000 in loans from friends earlier this
year.

Much of the document focuses on the value of Horizon, a newspaper publisher in
which Lord Black owned a minority interest until last month.

The U.S. government says Lord Black applied a 90% discount to the holding when
arranging his bond last November, with no consistent explanation.

"In what is surely a harbinger of things to come, Black's counsel attempted to
blame Black's business partner, David Radler, for the discrepancy between the
two financial affidavits," even though Lord Black was in possession of
up-to-date financials for Horizon that had been faxed to his home in Toronto,
the filing said.

Mr. Radler, Lord Black's business partner for more than 30 years, is
co-operating with U.S. authorities as part of a plea agreement.

He has pleaded guilty to a single count of fraud.

"What is the truth? Was Horizon undervalued because of ongoing litigation,
lawyer error or a desire to hide the truth from the government and this court?"
the document asks.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            October 26, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Law & Order

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 882 words


Three men are being sought by the Tampa policein an armed robbery of a Family
Dollar store on North Nebraska Avenue on Wednesday night.

Shortly before 9 p.m., the men entered the store and demanded money from the
cashier, police said. One of the men took the money and all three then fled.

The suspects are described by police as:

Black male, 5-foot-6-inches tall, 140 pounds, wearing a black baseball cap with
a logo, black T-shirt, black shorts, black shirt, and a white T-shirt wrapped
around his face.

Thin black male, 5-foot-6-inches tall, dressed in black with a "beanie" over his
face.

A thin black male, with a black mask, dark T-shirt, black cargo shorts and
carrying a white mesh bag.

Lutz man charged with tax refund theft

An 18-year-old Tampa man is charged with taking about $1,000 from a tax refund
account without authorization, according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff's
Office.

Quentin Cornelius Edward Moore, 18, of 15127 Deer Meadow Drive, Lutz, was
arrested Thursday and charged with criminal use of personal identification,
fraudulent use of credit card and grand theft, the sheriff's office said.

At 1:41 a.m. on Sept. 10, Moore bought $1,509.24 in Moneypak cards
atWalmart,2701 Fletcher Avenue E., the sheriff's office said.

Moorefraudulently used someone else's personal identification to open a VISA
Account Now Debit Card, which was paid for with Department of Treasury Tax
Refund money totaling approximately $8,901, the sheriff's office said.

Moore was taken to the Hillsborough County Jail, the sheriff's office said.

Valrico man faces child porn charges

A Valrico man was arrested Wednesday on 20 counts of possessing child
pornography.

After a two-month investigation, Hillsborough County sheriff's detectives seized
computer equipment belonging to Derek Michael Morgan, 23.

Investigators said they found files on the equipment depicting children
approximately 13 years old and younger engaged in sexual activities.

Deputies said Morgantold themabout downloading the child pornography. He also
was in possession of child pornography files he made available for downloading,
which were downloaded by detectives, the sheriff's office said.

Morgan, of 2830 Buckhorn Preserve Blvd., was taken to the Hillsborough County
Jail. Bail was set at $150,000.

Haul of 574 pompano leads to arrest of 3

Three Tampa area men face charges of having 574 pompano and a monofilament gill
net, according to the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission.

Early on Oct. 8, the fishermen pulled into the Safety Harbor boat ramp with
their catch, hitched the boat to a pickup and started to leave, the FWC said.
Agency officers then arrested them.

All three face charges of simultaneous possession of an unmarked monofilament
entanglement net and the pompano, a third-degree felony punishable by up to five
years in prison and up to a $5,000 fine.

Gill nets catch the target fish but also other species such as trout and snook
that die after getting caught in the net, according to FWC officer Baryl Martin.

"They wind up getting their head through, but then can't back up," Martin said.

Arrested were Harrison L. Davidson, 47, of Dade City; Ronald Ray Frazier, 22, of
Brooksville; and William Eldridge Nelson, 39, of Tarpon Springs.

Davidson and Frazier were released on $5,000 bail and Eldridge on $6,513 bail,
the Pinellas County Sheriff's Office said.

Anyone can report violations of fish or wildlife laws by calling the Wildlife
Alert Hotline, 1-888-404-3922, or text information to Tip@MyFWC.com Tipsters can
remain anonymous and might be eligible for a reward.

Hudson man, 81, charged in fatal crash

An 81-year-old Hudson man was arrested Thursday in connection with an Aug. 5
crash in Pasco County that left two people dead, the Florida Highway Patrol
said.

Albert Friedman was charged Thursday with two counts of DUI manslaughter, two
counts of vehicular homicide and one count of DUI property damage.

The patrol said Friedman was driving north on U.S.19 on Aug. 15 when he swerved
and hit a 1999 Saturn driven by Bridgette Ewing, 44, of Spring Hill.

Both vehicles overturned and hit a light pole.

Ewing and a passenger,Vincent P. Dicristo, 47, of Port Richey, were pronounced
dead at the scene, the patrol said.

Friedman's blood alcohol content was listed as 0.227, the patrol said.

Polk sheriff seeks patrol volunteers

The Polk County Sheriff's Office is looking for volunteers to join a new
Volunteer Sheriff's Service Officer Program to assist deputies in law
enforcement.

The sheriff's office wants to create a uniformed, unarmed, "eyes and ears"
patrol force that will use marked vehicles and volunteers who want an
opportunity to assist in keeping Polk County a place with low crime and a high
quality of life.

Volunteers will be required to complete 120 hours of training.

Duties will include house checks, noninjury crashes, school zone safety, traffic
control and assisting in criminal investigations.

Information sessions are scheduled for 10 a.m. Monday; 2 p.m. Tuesday; and 6
p.m. Nov. 1 at the sheriff's office operations center, 1891 Jim Keene Blvd.,
Winter Haven.

For information, contact Deputy Sheriff J. Allen Barber at (863) 298-6687 or
jbarber@polksheriff.org

From staff reports

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              615 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 27, 2004 Sunday Home Edition

Your Money: Changing attitudes;
Blacks find stocks more appealing, survey says

BYLINE: HANK EZELL

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Business; Pg. 10Q

LENGTH: 839 words


Here's the good news: Well-off black investors, traditionally conservative in
their investment choices, are returning to the stock market this year.

Here's the bad news: Last year, too many blacks jumped out of the market.

"We find it hopeful but a little bittersweet," said Ariel Capital Management
President Mellody Hobson. "We don't want to see our community engaging in
market-timing. It doesn't work. But it is clearly what has happened the last
couple of years."

She was reflecting on the seventh annual Black Investor Survey, which was
sponsored by Ariel, a Chicago-based money management company, and stock
brokerage Charles Schwab.

The studies have shown a steady increase in stock ownership among blacks ---
until last year. In 2002, 74 percent of black households with incomes over
$50,000 owned stocks, but that was the peak. The figure for 2003 slid to 61
percent. Now it's back to 68 percent.

The difference between races was marked. "While whites decreased their market
holdings, they did not completely sell out," Hobson said. "White investments
were diversified, whereas black investors sold out."

The years-long general trend, and the 2004 rebound, were no surprise to Atlantan
Stella Wilson. "I think we are waking up," said Wilson, who is president of the
Wall Street Sisters investment club. "I think we were ready. We saw the
benefits."

The 10 members of her club each kick in $50 a month for stock investments. The
7-year-old club uses techniques developed by the National Association of
Investors Corp., Wilson said, and it is beating its goal of 15 percent annual
returns.

Black investment in the market is to some extent a generational thing. Wilson's
father put his money into real estate, money market funds and certificates of
deposit. Stella Wilson's generation has turned to stocks. "It was something we
needed to do, and we have overcome our fears," she said.

The next generation appears to be carrying on. "I look at the younger people who
work with me and my children, and they're actually getting involved," Wilson
said. "They hear us talk about it, and I think with technology, information
about investing is more accessible."

For a close-to-home example, Wilson's daughter is also a member of Wall Street
Sisters.

The Black Investors Survey, released last week, has become a closely watched
window into the investment behavior of African-Americans and, on many points,
whites as well.

The big story this year is that surge in stock investing. "We are excited that
after a year of decline, blacks are coming back into the market," said Schwab
Vice President Carla Foster.

A second new factor in the 2004 survey was the number of survey respondents who
believe that market-timing is the most important skill for successful investors.
Thirty percent of blacks agreed with that assertion, compared with 15 percent of
whites.

Inexperience is part of the problem, Foster said, and that may be changing. "For
many African-Americans who are new to the market, living through a bear-and-bull
cycle has really been a learning experience," she observed.

In addition, she said, "I am encouraged that 41 percent of black non-investors
said they are likely to start investing." The comparable figure for whites was
28 percent.

A discouraging factor was the high level of financial illiteracy among the 1,000
survey participants. Given a 10-question quiz, 75 percent of blacks and 54
percent of whites couldn't correctly answer six or more.

The questions were quite basic. Counting blacks and whites together, only 16
percent knew that the Dow Jones industrial average includes 30 stocks. Barely
half knew that a rising market is called a bull market. The other choices were
bear, cash cow and don't know.

To take the test yourself, go to www.ajc.com/bankonhank.

Here are some other details from the survey:

* Family values. This year, as in the past, blacks were more likely to talk
about family concerns as they discussed their finances. In 2000, for example,
more blacks than whites said they expect to support aging parents and that
education is the key to financial success.

This year, asked about their most important savings and investment goal, more
blacks than whites picked leaving an inheritance and saving for their children's
college education.

Also this year, blacks were more likely to talk often to their children about
money (67 percent vs. 51 percent).

* Mutual funds. The survey was performed in late February and early March, six
months and more into the current mutual fund scandals. Not surprisingly, the
popularity of funds is plummeting. In 2001, the peak year, 32 percent of
African-Americans said funds are the best investment. Now it's 21 percent. Among
whites, the drop was from 41 percent in 2001 to 30 percent now.

* Lottery tickets. Eight percent of blacks consider them a financial investment.
For whites, it's 4 percent. Try to look on the positive side: At least some of
them must have been joking.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Wall Street Sisters, an investment club that meets once a
month, includes three generations of investors --- President Stella Wilson, 54,
Tara Rausaw, 31, and Lauren Rausaw, 5. / SAUL STOOGENKE / Staff

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              616 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 18, 1990, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Black newsmagazine emerges from first year

BYLINE: Pat Guy

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 419 words


One year after its debut, Emerge magazine is on its feet and ready to run.

''I'm more happy than when the first issue hit my desk,'' says Wilmer C. Ames
Jr., founder and editor of the newsmagazine for black professionals. The October
anniversary issue hits newsstands today..

Record producer Quincy Jones is on the cover in a closeup shot that's become a
trademark of Emerge covers. In addition to finding a look, Ames says, Emerge
also has found its voice, covering issues from the black perspective.

Emerge ($ 1.95 on newsstands) has written cover stories on gun control, Nelson
Mandela, Muslim minister Louis Farrakhan, singer Sarah Vaughan and the 25th
anniversary of the assassination of Malcolm X, a sold-out issue.

''It's not about glamour or clothes or superficial things,'' says subscriber Roy
Lott-Ryales of Richmond, Calif. Subscriber Olukemi G. Ilesanmi of Tallahassee,
Fla., says, ''A white magazine can't see things the same way an African-American
would.''

The magazine, published 10 times a year, now has 105,000 paid subscribers.
Another 50,000 copies are sent free to members of black fraternal, medical,
legal or professional organizations - although not the same 50,000 each month.
Publisher and chief executive Donald Anderson says about 30% of the people who
get a free copy later subscribe, a very high percentage.

Anderson now has a good idea of who those subscribers are: average household
income is $ 71,000 a year; 86% have attended or graduated from college; 45% have
post-graduate degrees; 76% own their home; their median age is 45; 55% are
female.

He's using that profile to try to bring in advertisers. ''I now have confidence
to go to upscale-product companies,'' he says. Recent new advertisers: AT&T,
Nissan, Reebok. Emerge averaged 19.5 ad pages per 80-page issue during its first
year. Anderson expects that to double in the second year. He's opened ad sales
offices in Chicago and Los Angeles to try to meet that goal. The October issue
has 40 ad pages.

Anderson says Emerge is still on track to break even by the end of 1992, but it
will need a little more money - ''not enough to frighten anybody'' - to reach
that goal. He anticipates ''no trouble whatsoever'' in getting the extra money
from the magazine's backers, which have put up an estimated $ 6 million. The
syndicate includes the Black Entertainment Television cable network, Syndicated
Communications Inc., District Cablevision Inc. and Time Warner's Time Inc.
Magazine Co., which has a 19% stake.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Magazine cover, Emerge); PHOTO; b/w, Frank Micelotta
(Wilmer C. Ames Jr.)

CUTLINE: JONES: On anniversary issue. CUTLINE: AMES: Magazine finds niche.

TYPE: Media

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              617 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 17, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Blacks Recruited by 'Rights' Drive to End Preferences

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY EGAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1156 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE, Dec. 16


As migrant labor goes, the signature-gathering campaign against affirmative
action in Washington state seemed to offer just what Arthur Tillis of Chicago
said he was looking for: a chance to earn some Christmas money and see a
different part of the country.

But Mr. Tillis, who said he was homeless, had no sooner arrived in Seattle last
week than he realized that being a trench worker in modern democracy was not at
all what he expected. "I was getting cursed at by people and having a lot of
trouble getting signatures," he said in an interview. "Then I finally read the
thing real carefully and I said: Wait a minute. This is against affirmative
action. It's a not a civil rights thing like it says."

As one of a five blacks transported by bus to Washington state by the supporters
of a ballot issue that would end most affirmative action policies here, Mr.
Tillis said he had never been told the true nature of the campaign. But he was
told he could earn up to $600 a week, at 90 cents a signature. All five of the
black signature gatherers interviewed told a similar story.

Once they arrived in Washington state, some of the petitioners went into debt,
and say they were forced to gather signatures just to get enough money to get
out of town. "You want to know what this whole thing really cost me?" said Pro
Mayes, an unemployed father of two from Rancho Tehama, Calif. "My pride. I was
duped. And now I got nothing to bring home to my kids."

The leaders of the campaign, Washington Initiative 200, say there was no attempt
to recruit blacks as a strategic way to counter the perception that the
initiative would be a setback for many minorities. Nor were petitioners misled,
they say. It was simply a money-making proposition in a tight labor market,
which forced the campaign to recruit far away from the state, they say.

"The only way they could be misled is if they can't read," said Sherry
Bockwinkel, the owner of the firm that pays and recruits signature-gatherers, on
behalf of the campaign.  "Petitioners are motivated by money. They tend to be
lazy. If they say they were misled, they are lying."

But part of the problem, the black petitioners say, is the language of the
ballot question itself. It is called the Washington State Civil Rights Act. The
proposed ballot title, at the top of the petition, says nothing about
dismantling affirmative action. It says, in its entirety: "Shall government
entities be prohibited from discriminating against or granting preferential
treatment to individuals or groups based on race, sex, color, ethnicity or
national origin?"

When Tyrone Wells, an 18-year-old high school dropout from Toledo, Ohio, read
the title, he says he thought it was a pro-civil rights ballot measure. "So I
went out there on a bus and started trying to gather signatures, and people were
cursing me," he said. "It is confusing."

Mr. Wells returned home by bus a few days ago, in debt and discouraged. "They
wanted some black faces," he said. "We were used."

If supporters of the initiative can gather 180,000 signatures by Jan. 2,
Washington could follow California as one of the first states in the nation to
outlaw racial preferences in hiring, contracts and education. The initiative
would require the State Legislature, which is Republican-controlled, either to
pass the measure, or pass it on to voters for their consideration. The Governor
would have no veto power.

On one level, the campaign has been a debate over a colorblind society,
featuring radio advertisements by Steve Forbes, the publisher and a Republican
contender for the Presidency last year, and rallies at which William J. Bennett,
a leading conservative philosopher, played host.

But in the malls and on the streets where petitioners are frantically trying to
gather the necessary signatures, the debate is more shrill and divisive. A
vigorous campaign to dissuade people from signing the petitions has led to
numerous verbal clashes.

Opponents of the measure say that by recruiting poor blacks, the Initiative 200
campaign is essentially using affirmative action to try to end affirmative
action. "It's not accidental that the people who were brought here are
African-American," said Kathleen Russell, the campaign manager for No!
Initiative 200. "They're playing the race card. And, they're preying on people
who are hard up, who are unemployed or homeless."

John Carlson, a talk-radio host who is the campaign manager for Initiative 200,
said race was not a factor in the petition drive. "You want people who are known
as 'horses,' people who can get the signatures, and get them fast," he said.
"You don't want people with little or no experience of any race."

The ballot measure, he said, deliberately borrows language from the 1964 Civil
Rights Act, the landmark antidiscrimination measure of the last four decades. It
is not misleading, he said. "This initiative will restore the moral principle of
protecting all Americans from discrimination," Mr. Carlson said. He said he was
confident the campaign would get the necessary signatures in the remaining two
weeks of the campaign.

Ms. Bockwinkel, who runs the signature-gathering firm, said a number of
recruiters who were on a retainer to her found the black petitioners in the
Midwest and California. They were offered bus fare to Seattle and motel expenses
if they could produce a certain number of signatures.

She said she did not know if they were told the exact nature of the campaign,
but she scoffed at the idea that they were ignorant. "I handed them material
about the initiative and told them to read it," she said.

The people who traveled 2,000 miles from the Midwest or 800 miles from
California say they were motivated by what sounded like a good deal. "The
recruiter came to my house in California, he bought my family a turkey for
Thanksgiving," Mr. Mayes said. "It thought this man is my friend."

But once in Washington state, he says, he not only had difficulty getting
signatures, but he fell into debt and had to borrow several hundred dollars from
the campaign.

He left Seattle today on a bus, thoroughly discouraged by the experience.

"Black people were mad, saying stuff like 'You ought to be ashamed,' " Mr. Mayes
said. "White people in suits, they were taking it and signing it. But I'm just
out there, in the end, trying to get signatures to get out of debt so I can get
out of town."

A woman from Milwaukee, Beverly Mosley, a disabled veteran, said she had been
lured by the money. "I got all the way to Seattle and they still wouldn't tell
me what the initiative was all about," she said.

"Then I'm out there with a clipboard, and a couple of people came up to me and
said, 'Do you know what you're doing?' I said yes. Getting signatures to keep
affirmative action from being abolished. After reading it real carefully, then,
let me tell you: I decided I would never sign something like this myself."

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "I was duped," said Pro Mayes, who said he thought he would be
part of a civil rights drive. (Larry Davis for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              618 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            December 8, 2006 Friday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Jays cash in on nothing: Toronto can't cut deal: Inflated prices may make it
money well unspent

BYLINE: Jeremy Sandler, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 783  words

DATELINE: LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla.


LAKE BUENA VISTA, Fla. - To mix a vastly overused baseball metaphor, the Toronto
Blue Jays struck out on their hunt for free-agent pitching at baseball's 2006
winter meetings.

First Ted Lilly, a Blue Jay the past three years -- yes, it really has been that
long since the Bobby Kielty era ended -- opted for the Chicago Cubs and the
friendly confines of Wrigley Field. Then came yesterday's shot to the solar
plexus, when official word from the Gil Meche camp that the right-hander had
chosen Kansas City of all places over Toronto.

"You go in with your eyes open, you don't go in and say 'Oh, we're going to get
every guy,' " general manager J.P. Ricciardi said on his way out of Disney
World. "If you don't get 'em, you don't get 'em, what are you going to do? I'm
sure when we got some guys last year, other guys were disappointed. Your world
don't come crashing down."

Indeed, after Meche went to the Royals, some in Toronto's front office felt like
they had just watched Chicken Little in reverse, with more than a few whispers
that Toronto had lucked into money well unspent.

"I know that some of the baseball people feel that," said team president Paul
Godfrey, while not counting himself among them. Still, he conceded there is some
truth in the old adage about the best deals being the ones that do not get made.

"We were very disappointed when Boston beat us out on Matt Clement [in 2004],"
Godfrey said. "We sort of dragged our rear ends around for three or four days.
In retrospect, it was the best deal we never made."

A new deal will be needed to fill at least one of the holes in Toronto's
rotation, behind Roy Halladay, A.J. Burnett and Gustavo Chacin.

Just not at five years and US$55-million, which is what the Royals will be
paying Meche. That type of contract can be cursed with the fragile lifespan of
major-league pitchers, although Toronto gave injury-prone A.J. Burnett a similar
deal last year.

"We weren't going to be a player at that price," Godfrey said, saying Toronto
was not willing to give Meche more than US$40-million over four years. "We
weren't going to pay him the same amount of money that Burnett got. I know the
market has changed and the market has gone up. I think Burnett is worth that.

"Gil Meche, we made our offer on him and we got outbid on it. You've got to draw
the line somewhere. Good luck to him. "

Luck may be needed for both Meche and Lilly.

Meche, 55-44 with a career 4.65 earned-run average, is now closer to the
playoffs only in the sense that the Royals play a few hours up the interstate
from the perennially-contending St. Louis Cardinals. Even if Meche provides a
10-game improvement to Kansas City, that still leaves the Royals 10 games shy of
.500.

For Lilly, taking his flyball- style to windy Wrigley Field is just one problem.
The left-hander's refusal to surrender the ball to Blue Jays skipper John
Gibbons in a game this summer seems ominous given the legendary impatience of
new Cubs manager Lou Piniella.

It is possible the two might have been better off in Toronto, but not at any
price.

That fiscal restraint is admirable, if tempered somewhat by the fact that had
the Cubs or Royals been less eager, Godfrey would be professing the wisdom of
paying the Lilly and Meche about US$20-million a year for the next four seasons.

Credit, however, must be given to Ricciardi and company for correctly reading
the market a year ago.

There was plenty of criticism when the Blue Jays spent a combined US$102-million
on Burnett and closer B.J. Ryan.

Ryan, making US$9.5-million a year, delivered in 2006. Burnett did not.

But as live arms in a market stocked with deadwood, both would likely have been
pricier this year.

"I've got to tell you something, as soon as I got back to Toronto, I did a
victory lap around the stadium I was so happy," Godfrey joked. "What do you
think B.J. would have gotten today? B.J. would have gotten double-digits.
Burnett, in my opinion, would have gotten 13 or 14-million."

Now Toronto's focus swings to filling the gaps still left on the team. The Blue
Jays have added the power bat of Frank Thomas. They have re-signed free-agent
catcher Gregg Zaun. And they have given themselves some insurance on the bench,
with veteran outfielder Matt Stairs. But there is still the back end of the
rotation to consider.

For Ricciardi, that likely means trades. And with the dollars he had allocated
for Lilly and Meche still burning a hole in his pocket, he can afford to acquire
pricey talent other teams might want to move.

"We're moving on to some other stuff," Ricciardi said. "We'll see, we'll do the
same stuff we do every day, try to see what avenues are open to us and we'll try
to take advantage of them."

jsandler@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Reuters; Getty Images; THE WINTERMEETINGS NO DOUBT MADE SOME PLAYERS VERY
HAPPY: Gil Meche (Royals,five years, US$55M),...; Black & White
Photo: Reuters; Getty Images/ ...Freddy Garcia (traded to Phillies),...; Black &
White
Photo:Reuters; Getty Images; ...Ted Lilly (Cubs, four years, US$40M),...;Black &
White
Photo: Reuters; Getty Images; ...Vicente Padilla(Rangers, three years,
US$33.75M),...; Black & White
Photo: Reuters;Getty Images; ...J.D. Drew (Red Sox, five years, US$70M) and...;
Black & White
Photo: Reuters; Getty Images; ...Jason Schmidt(Dodgers, three years, US$47M).

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    October 27, 1990, Saturday, City Edition

MONEY LAUNDERING SENTENCES

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; HILLSBOROUGH; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 137 words



Briefly
 Three people linked to the massive international money laundering scheme
involving the Bank of Credit and Commerce International were sentenced Friday.
Roberto Alcaino, a Los Angeles jeweler, was sentenced to 13 years in prison for
conspiracy, operating a continuing criminal enterprise and money laundering.
Gloria Alcaino, his wife, was sentenced to the 20 months she has served since
her arrest in 1988 for conspiracy and money laundering.  Joaquin Casals, a
courier for Alcaino, was sentenced to five years and three months.


 RUMPELSTILTSKIN WINS. More than 100 third-graders at Anclote Elementary School
have judged Rumpelstiltskin their favorite fairy tale in mock elections held
Friday. The elections were intended as a lesson about the voting process.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Times files; BLACK AND
WHITE PHOTO, Jim Damaske; Mary Willard, a barn owl(ran S); a condemned apartment
buiding(ran S)

                            Times Publishing Company


                              620 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 17, 1998, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Metro Business;
Minority Coalition Demands More Ads

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 379 words


A coalition of black and Hispanic broadcasters is threatening to lead boycotts
against advertisers that they say do not spend enough money in ethnic media.

The Rev. Al Sharpton and representatives of the National Association of Black
Owned Broadcasters and the Spanish Broadcasting System, held a news conference
yesterday in front of the Madison Avenue offices of Young & Rubicam to demand
that the agency, along with Macy's and Pepsico, justify their ethnic media
advertising budgets.

Young & Rubicam, the world's fifth-largest advertising agency, did not return a
telephone call seeking comment. Mr. Sharpton said the company was vulnerable to
political pressure because it received Federal contracts.

Macy's and the Pepsi-Cola division of Pepsico said they have already been
advertising in ethnic media. Neither would reveal how much or what percentage of
its advertising money was earmarked for those outlets. A spokesman for Macy's
said his company started advertising three years ago in a publishing group of
seven minority newspapers, an effort that originally involved Mr. Sharpton.

Ethnic media executives have been seething over an internal memo by Katz Media
Group that advised clients to minimize advertising on radio stations with large
black or Hispanic audiences because "advertisers want prospects, not suspects."

The memo, which surfaced last month, also said that buying too many ads on
ethnic stations would mean losing "the more important 'white' segment of the
population." Katz sells advertising time for hundreds of radio stations
nationwide; it is a subsidiary of a group that owns radio stations across the
country, including black and Hispanic stations.

The Spanish Broadcasting System operates eight FM stations in Chicago, Miami and
New York, and the National Association of Black Owned Broadcasters is made up of
187 commercial radio and television stations across the country. The two
organizations are the primary groups in the coalition threatening the boycott.

The coalition's strategy is to confront one advertising agency, one local
advertiser and one national advertiser at a time. If the companies can prove
they spend enough advertising dollars in ethnic media, the coalition will move
on to another three companies.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 18, 1998, Thursday

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, a brief report yesterday about a group of black and
Hispanic broadcasters who are threatening to boycott radio advertisers misstated
the date of their news conference. It is 11 A.M. today, outside of 285 Madison
Avenue, between 40th and 41st Streets;it was not on Tuesday.


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              621 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 27, 1994, Thursday

GOP pays Brooks' firm $ 52,000 Democrat, black coalition backing Millner

BYLINE: By Ben Smith III STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section A; Page 1

LENGTH: 406 words


The Georgia Republican Party is paying $ 52,000 to a firm owned by state Rep.
Tyrone Brooks, a black Atlanta Democrat who crossed party lines Wednesday to
endorse Guy Millner, the Republican nominee for governor.

The disclosure drew stiff criticism from other black Democrats, including former
Sen. Eugene Walker of Decatur, who called Brooks a "political mercenary."

Brooks strongly denied he had sold his endorsement and said he was unaware of
the deal. "Money is not my motive," he said.

Don Bolia, state GOP executive director, confirmed that the party was paying the
sum to Brooks' company, African-American Business Systems, which Brooks
described as a consulting firm. The party is also paying $ 15,000 to Jackson
Heath and Associates, a black-owned public relations company, he said.

Bolia said the money was an unprecedented effort to underwrite a campaign to get
traditionally Democratic black voters to the polls to cast Republican votes.
"It's the first time we're saying that we believe we actively want to go into
the African-American community and get their vote," he said.

But Republicans have long criticized Democrats for spending large sums, commonly
called "street money," to black leaders to get out the vote. For example, Mayor
Bill Campbell's 1993 mayoral campaign spent $ 100,000 to get out the vote.

A spokesman for Gov. Zell Miller declined to comment. Millner aides defended the
spending.

"I don't just defend it, I'm proud of it," said Rep. Matt Towery, (R- Vinings),
a top Millner adviser.

But Rep. Bob Holmes (D-Atlanta), who is black, said the payments created the
appearance of the Republicans having bought an endorsement.

"It looks like using one's position to get money," he said.

At an afternoon press conference in which Brooks and other coalition leaders
endorsed Millner, Brooks angrily deflected questions about whether he was being
paid to help Millner.

"We are not going to get into that mud game," he said.

The Brooks-led group, Coalition Vote '94, endorsed a bipartisan slate of
candidates with Millner at the top. The group included, Joe Beasley, regional
director of the Rainbow Coalition, state Rep. Henrietta Canty (D-Atlanta) and
the Rev. Joseph Lowery of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference.

The group criticized Miller for his "two strikes'' anti-crime proposal and for
firing George Napper, former head of the Department of Children and Youth
Services.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943030278

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Rep. Tyrone Brooks. / PHILIP MCMCOLLUM / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              622 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 1, 1979 Wednesday

Congressman is censured   for padding of his payroll

BYLINE: WS REUT

LENGTH: 318 words

DATELINE: Washington DC


From The Washington Star
                           and Reuter News Agency
  WASHINGTON - The House voted yesterday to censure Representative Charles
 Diggs (D, Mich.) for padding his payroll to obtain money for personal
 use.

Mr. Diggs, a leading black congressman and former chairman of the
 House foreign affairs subcommittee on Africa, became the second House
 member this century to be censured, or formally reprimanded by his
 colleagues. No penalties are attached to a censure vote.

The vote was 414-0 with four abstentions - Mr. Diggs himself, two
 other black members, Parren Mitchell of Maryland and Augustus Hawkins of
 California, and a Hispanic member, Robert Garcia of New York. All are
 Democrats.

The House on Monday narrowly rejected a Republican-led move to expel
 Mr. Diggs from Congress because of his conviction on charges that he used
 thousands of dollars in congressional funds to pay his personal staff.

Mr. Diggs was convicted in federal court in October on 29 counts of
 padding his staff payroll to obtain money for personal use. He is
 appealing the resulting three-year prison sentence.

Despite his conviction, he was sent back to Congress last November for
 a 13th term by his working class Detroit district. The censure followed
 the unanimous recommendation of the House Ethics Committee, which had
 ruled out calling for Mr. Diggs' expulsion.

The committee chairman, Charles Bennett (D, Fla.) noted that Mr. Diggs
 had admitted his guilt, apologized to the House and agreed to pay back
 $40,031.66 he had diverted to personal use.

The 56-year-old Mr. Diggs sat in the front row of the House chamber
 during the brief debate on the issue. After the vote he stood and faced
 Speaker Thomas O'Neill, who intoned the judgment of the House.

The only other House censure since 1900 came in 1921, when
 representative Thomas Blanton (D, Tex.) was accused of inserting obscene
 material in the Congressional Record.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1979 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             July 16, 2016 Saturday

How black-owned banks are cashing in on a protest movement;
In a time of racial unrest, some African Americans have turned to an alternative
protest movement: They're moving their money into black-owned banks.

BYLINE: Lucy Schouten Staff

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 714 words


Black Americans worried about their communities are discovering how to put their
money where their mouth is: open an account at a black-owned bank.

The black banking represents not only an economic protest movement, but also an
intentional shift back toward building a community from the local level.

"I think it's a very positive effort to get the community to step up and say
look, nobody is going to support us if we don't support ourselves," Michael
Grant, president of the minority trade organization National Bankers
Association, told the Atlanta Black Star. "Let's start giving support to our own
institutions, let's support our historically black colleges, let's support our
businesses, let's support our banks."

The impetus came from a black rapper in Atlanta known as Killer Mike. He called
into a town hall meeting on MTV on July 8 after recent protests over
officer-involved shootings of black men in Louisiana and Minnesota. He urged
black Americans to protest with their pocketbooks by depositing their money in
black-owned banks.

"We cannot go out in the street and start bombing, shooting, and killing," the
rapper Michael Render said during the town hall event. "I encourage none of us
to engage in acts of violence that will cause more peril to our community and
others that look like us. I encourage us to take our warfare to financial
institutions."

Citizen's Trust, a black-owned bank network throughout Atlanta and Georgia,
received applications for 8,000 new deposit accounts in less than a week.

"We have seen an influx of new accounts and visits and applications, but there's
a big difference between applications and accounts," marketing Director Diedra
St. Julien told the Atlanta Journal Constitution. "This is remarkable."

Bank officials said on Twitter people were waiting to get in during the next few
days of the rush, and the bank's president thanked the rapper for the business.

Small, locally owned banking institutions were once a strong source of support
for smaller communities regardless of race, but they began to decline in the
mid-20th century. The concept of the black-owned, local bank began in 1865 as a
means of helping African-Americans receive the loans they needed to build
businesses. Black-owned banks totaled 130 at the beginning of the 20th century,
but their number has since declined to 22, alongside that of banks generally and
small, community-centered banks in particular, the Atlanta Black Star reported.

Even Citizens Trust, one of the country's largest black-owned banks, had seen
deposits decline in recent years, but the last few months have been up, the
Atlanta Journal Constitution reported. The spike of 8,000 deposit accounts would
have contributed a minimum of $800,000, assuming each account holder deposited
only $100.

The rapper Killer Mike has supported a shift into black-owned banks even before
the MTV event, saying it will increase accountability and increase the ability
of black communities to build.

"Bank small, bank local, bank black," he said in February, according to Rolling
Out. "Gone are the days of most banks knowing their account holders. I can walk
in here and voice my concerns, my complaints - or my compliments - to a live
person. . . . We are quick to say what we don't have, but here is a black
institution, 95 years strong and poised to grow, that is supporting the
community."

Mr. Grant of the National Bankers Association told USA Today that black-owned
banks around the nation are "getting volume that you would not believe," a move
he applauded.

"If we're going to be considered first-class citizens and respected in this
country, we're going to have to take control of our economic destiny," Mr. Grant
told the Atlanta Black Star.

If this mode of economic protest becomes a trend, it could create a resurgence
in local banking. It need not represent a boycott of all other institutions per
se, but it is a pointed move by black Americans toward building up black
institutions.

"If we can bring together our economics collectively, we can help businesses
grow, we can help people obtain home loans. That brings them closer to the
American dream," Executive Vice President of Citizens Trust Bank Frederick
Daniels Jr. told USA Today. "We're providing a tangible solution for those who
want action."

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 26, 2012 Sunday

North Carolina organizations tell story of black military units

BYLINE: Henry Cuningham, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 491 words


Feb. 26--During the past year, the Tuskegee Airmen got a movie, and the Montford
Point Marines got congressional recognition.

But the pioneering black soldiers who served in Army ground units still largely
had to handle their own publicity.

North Carolina has organizations that perpetuate the heritage of the Buffalo
Soldiers, the black cavalrymen in the Indian Wars, and the Triple Nickels, the
initial black paratroopers who trained at Fort Bragg during World War II.
Veterans of the 2nd Ranger Company, whose members became the first black
soldiers to parachute into combat during the Korean War, live in Fayetteville.

The organizations tell their stories in schools and raise money for
scholarships. The Samuel Council Chapter of the Triple Nickels is planning
cookouts and raising money for its annual scholarship program.

"People don't recognize the fact that the Buffalo Soldiers actually paved the
way for the Montford Point Marines and the Tuskegee Airmen," said Willie Edley
Jr. of Salisbury. He is the president of the 9th and 10th (Horse) Cavalry
Association of the Buffalo Soldiers, the Greater North Carolina Chapter.

The past year was good to the Marines and airmen.

George Lucas came out this winter with the movie "Red Tails" celebrating the
black pilots who served in World War II.

Sen. Kay Hagan announced in November that the Senate unanimously approved
legislation to award the Congressional Gold Medal to the Montford Point Marines,
who trained in North Carolina and became the first African Americans to serve in
the Marine Corps. The highest civilian award bestowed by Congress, the
Congressional Gold Medal bill required 67 co-sponsors to be considered on the
Senate floor, according to Hagan's office.

During the past week, about 30 riders from the North Carolina Buffalo Soldiers
and other Southern chapters rode in the Mammoth Parade during Mardi Gras
festivities in Mobile, Ala.

The state Buffalo Soldiers' 17th annual awards banquet is set for March 17 at
the Holiday Inn Bordeaux in Fayetteville. The organization recognizes people who
made a contribution to the community and chapter members who have done
outstanding work.

The Buffalo Soldiers participated in the Indian Wars in the western United
States in the late 19th century.

North Carolina members are paying tribute this year to William McBryar, who was
born in Elizabethtown, in 1861, and received the Medal of Honor for
demonstrating "coolness, bravery, and good marksmanship" under extremely
difficult circumstances in 1890 in a fight with Apaches. He is buried in
Arlington National Cemetery.

"It's the old adage about 'doing my best so that those who follow me won't have
as tough a time,' " Edley said.

Military editor Henry Cuningham can be reached at cuninghamh@fayobserver.com or
486-3585.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120226-FY-North-Carolina-organizations-tell-story-of-black
-military-units-0226-20120226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer


                              625 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday

Stay in the US until I send you to prison, Black is told

BYLINE: ED HARRIS

SECTION: A; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 460 words


CONRAD BLACK'S £15 million bail has been extended but the disgraced former
newspaper tycoon remains confined to an area around Chicago and his Florida
estate while he awaits sentencing.

Judge Amy St Eve refused a request by Black's lawyers to allow him to go back to
his Toronto home as he waits to learn how long he will spend in prison.

The former Daily Telegraph owner will appear in her court on 30 November.

Black, 62, was convicted last month of three counts of fraud and one count of
obstructing justice for paying himself £1.5million in illegal bonuses in the
form of so-called non-compete payments from Chicago-based Hollinger
International.

Prosecutors had urged the judge to jail Black immediately. They claimed he posed
a flight risk because he misled the court in providing collateral for his bail
and made critical comments about the government's case during the 15-week trial.

Judge St Eve disagreed. "He's not a man to run and hide," she said at the bail
hearing yesterday.

But she also said she was not persuaded by defence arguments that Black would
not fight extradition from Canada, which would delay his sentencing.

Prosecutors say they will seek a prison sentence of between 24 years and 30
years for Black. The defence says his conviction calls for about five years.

After the guilty verdict on 13 July, Black surrendered his British passport and
the judge ordered him to remain in the Chicago area. Black gave up his Canadian
citizenship to become a member of the House of Lords in 2001. At a hearing on 19
July, the judge also allowed Black to travel to his home in Palm Beach, Florida.

The latest setback for Black comes as a private investigator accuses him of
hiding money by moving £27 million between accounts across the world.

Juval Aviv, president and chief executive of Interfor, a private investigations
firm based in New York, made the claim in a sworn affidavit filed in a Chicago
court yesterday.

Much of the money had passed through or was "currently domiciled" in Gibraltar,
he said, and continued: "The estimates I have received regarding the amount of
money vary widely, but several sources have all told me the same amount, namely
approximately £27 million in Gibraltar.

"These funds have gone through financial institutions in Luxembourg, the
Caribbean, the UK and Channel Islands from 2005 to present." Some of the money
appeared to have originated in a National Westminster

Bank account in Jersey and two accounts in Barbados, Mr Aviv said. In a further
humiliation, the Canadian public has voted Black their tenth worst countryman of
all time.

In a poll carried out by historical magazine The Beaver the fallen peer was only
one place better than Clifford Olsen, a Vancouver serial killer who murdered 11
children in the Eighties..

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chicago bound: Black and his wife Barbara arrive for the bail hearing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                 December 19, 2002 Thursday CITY-D-EAST EDITION

Robert L. Johnson had just what the NBA was looking for in a new franchise owner
- plenty of money. Billionaire expresses pride in league status

BYLINE: By Larry Eichel; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D08

LENGTH: 1025 words


The NBA's decision to make billionaire Robert L. Johnson the first African
American to own a team was largely a matter of color: green.

League sources said Johnson got his franchise by doing something no other
African American investor had been able to do before - put more money on the
table than anyone else, including a rival group seeking the franchise.

The decision by the league expansion committee to award the franchise to Johnson
- rather than a group that included former NBA star Larry Bird - was unanimous.

Johnson, 56, founder and chief executive officer of Black Entertainment
Television, was awarded an expansion franchise to begin play in Charlotte.,
N.C., in the fall of 2004.

Johnson, who said he plans to sell a minority interest in the franchise to
individuals in the Charlotte area, is expected to pay roughly $300 million for
the new team and the WNBA's Charlotte Sting. The new franchise is a replacement
for the Hornets, who departed Charlotte for New Orleans after last season.

At a New York news conference yesterday, Johnson expressed pride in being the
first and said he thought that his race had been important but not determinant
in getting the team.

"It's no surprise to me when African Americans ascend to top positions in
corporations or in sports because it's long overdue," Johnson said. "... It's
not only good business, it's morally right."

Other African Americans have held minority ownership in teams. Bertram Lee and
Peter Bynoe owned 32.5 percent of the Denver Nuggets. Magic Johnson held a 5
percent share of the Lakers and Michael Jordan owned 10 percent of the
Washington Wizards. Isiah Thomas was part of a group that owned the Toronto
Raptors. Bill Cosby owns part of the New Jersey Nets.

But none has the wealth of Johnson, who is considered the wealthiest African
American in the country and its first black billionaire. Johnson, who lives in
Washington, D.C., has a reported net worth of $1.3 billion; according to Forbes
Magazine, he's the 149th-wealthiest individual in America.

He accumulated most of that money last year when he negotiated the sale of BET,
which he founded and in which he held a 63 percent stake, to Viacom for nearly
$3 billion in stock. He still runs the network.

While league officials did not play up the landmark nature of the decision, the
idea of adding a well-established and extremely wealthy black owner to the ranks
had obvious appeal to the owners of the existing 29 teams.

After making his presentation to the expansion committee on Monday, Johnson told
reporters, "I didn't come before them and say, 'Give me this franchise because
I'm an African American.' " But in a league where 85 percent of the players are
black, he said, "it would make sense for the league to consider diversity as a
goal."

The selection of Johnson must be approved by the full NBA Board of Governors
next month. But that appears to be a mere formality.

Said Phoenix Suns owner Jerry Colangelo, who ran the selection process, "If you
look at his background in terms of businesses he's in and has been in, it fits
like a glove. The fact that he's an African American was a plus. It was a
byproduct. He was not awarded this franchise because of that. It was because of
who he is and the character he represents."

Born in Hickory, Miss., and raised there and in Freeport, Ill., Johnson was the
ninth of 10 children born to a mother who taught school and a father who sold
timber. He was the only member of the family to graduate from college, getting
his degree from the University of Illinois.

After earning a master's degree in public administration from Princeton, he
moved on to Washington, where he worked for the Corporation of Public
Broadcasting and the National Cable Television Association before founding BET
in 1980.

"I was sort of relying on the fact that, you know, if you could target
programming on black radio, if you could target programming on black print, you
should be able to do it in cable," he told CNBC in a recent interview.

To get it started, he put up $15,000 of his own money and got $500,000, some of
it a loan, some of it an investment, from cable executive John Malone.

For Johnson, BET became a huge success, ultimately the first black-owned company
on the New York Stock Exchange. More than two decades later, BET still holds a
virtual monopoly in programming targeted primarily at African Americans.

The channel, though, has been the target of frequent criticism from those who
decry the quality of what it puts on the air, much of which consists of sexy
music videos. Johnson's reply has been to say that the goal of his company is to
showcase music and make money, not to cure the ills of society.

In recent years, he's been branching out and looking for new challenges.

He owns a dozen hotels in the United States, lottery licenses in the Caribbean
and several restaurants. He works with several major philanthropic groups. He
has become a major donor to the Democratic Party.

A few years ago, he was a key player in a failed merger of United Airlines and
US Airways, on whose board of directors he still serves. Had the merger gone
through, he would have owned a $200 million airline, DC Air.

And he's been trying to get into major-league sports.

This year, Johnson emerged as a potential lead investor in a group trying to buy
the Montreal Expos and move them to Washington. Whether he will continue in that
role remains to be seen.

He also tried to buy a basketball team. As the relationship between Charlotte
and the Hornets soured, he made several unsuccessful attempts to buy the team
from owner George Shinn and keep them there.

Once the NBA decided to let the Hornets move to New Orleans, Johnson turned his
attention to the expansion option for Charlotte, even though he does not have
strong ties to the city. And he prevailed.

A deal already is in place to build a new arena in downtown Charlotte; the team
will play for one season in the old Charlotte Coliseum, which the Hornets
considered highly undesirable.

Contact staff writer Larry Eichel at 215-854-2415 or leichel@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 29, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BENEFITS

SECTION: Section 9; Page 10; Column 3; Society Desk

LENGTH: 1909 words



A Prince and the Academy
MONDAY -- The annual black-tie dinner-dance of the American Associates of the
Royal Academy Trust will be held at the Rainbow Room, raising money to catalog
the permanent collection at the Royal Academy of Art in London. Prince Andrew,
the Duke of York, will briefly speak. The evening will begin with cocktails at
7:30 followed by dinner at 8:30 and dancing to the music of Bob Hardwick Sound.
Tickets, $600, from (212) 980-8404.


Scholarship Support
MONDAY -- The Thurgood Marshall Scholarship Fund, which provides financial aid
to students attending black public colleges and universities, will hold a
fund-raising dinner at the Sheraton New York. Lynn Whitfield, an actress, will
be a host, and Dr. Eddie N. Moore Jr., the president of Virginia State
University, and Tommy Mottola, the chairman of Sony Music Entertainment, will be
among those honored. The evening begins with a reception and silent auction at
6, followed by dinner and the awards. Black tie. Tickets, $500, from (212)
888-7003.

Bette Midler Goes Hawaiian
MONDAY -- Bette Midler's Aloha Ball will raise money for the New York
Restoration Project, an organization she founded to create, restore and maintain
parks and community gardens in the five boroughs of New York. The event, at the
Manhattan Center, 311 West 34th Street (Eighth Avenue) will have Ms. Midler as
its host and begin at 6:30 with mai tais and pu pu platters. A Hawaiian-theme
dinner will follow, with performances by Hawaiian singers and dancers. Rosie
O'Donnell will then lead a live auction, with chances to bid on a dinner for 10
with Ms. Midler at Balthazar, the SoHo restaurant, and opportunities to appear
in films and television shows. The comedians Jackie Mason and Dom Irrera will
perform. Hawaiian attire or Halloween costumes suggested. Tickets, $500, (212)
627-1000.

One for the Road
MONDAY -- Barbara Cook, the cabaret singer, will perform at a fund-raiser for
the Acting Company, a nonprofit touring group that presents classic and
contemporary plays and musicals in communities where live theater is rare. The
organization also works with schoolchildren across the country, teaching
theater, poetry writing and literary appreciation. The evening, at the
Copacabana, 617 West 57th (11th Avenue), begins with cocktails at 6:15, followed
by dinner and dancing at 7:30. The actor Kevin Kline, a board member, will
present an award to the philanthropist Joan Warburg for her contributions to
live American theater. Costumes or black tie. Tickets, $450, from (212)
944-5517.

A Party for the Dia Arts Center
WEDNESDAY -- The Dia Center for the Arts will benefit from a party at its
museum, at 548 West 22nd Street (10th Avenue). The event will begin at 7 with
drinks and a viewing of artworks currently being exhibited, including an
installation by Jorge Pardo and paintings by Bridget Riley. Dinner will follow.
Proceeds will support the museum's exhibitions and its community outreach
programs, which include classes for public school teachers and students on
contemporary art and poetry, along with museum visits, lectures and studio
workshops. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 293-5504.

For Visiting Nurses
WEDNESDAY -- A dinner-dance at the Rainbow Room will raise money for the
Visiting Nurse Service of New York's programs for elderly people, which include
mental health counseling, post-hospital care and low-cost care for those needing
it. Richard S. Braddock, the chairman of Priceline.com, will be honored.
Cocktails at 6:30 will be followed by dinner and dancing to the music of the
Alex Donner Orchestra. Black tie. Tickets, $750, from (212) 794-6341.

Stepping Up to the Plate
WEDNESDAY -- The Boys Club of New York will hold its annual All Sports Hall of
Fame Dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria. Among the athletes scheduled to attend are
Jack Nicklaus, Yogi Berra, Larry Doby, George Blanda, Oscar Robertson, Ed
Giacomin and Rosie Casals. The black-tie event, which will support the
organization's camps, scholarships, and athletic and educational programs, will
begin with cocktails at 6:30. Len Berman, a sports anchor on WNBC-TV, will be
the master of ceremonies. Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 997-0100

Living Landmarks
WEDNESDAY -- Arie L. Kopelman, Louis S. Auchincloss, Jerry Orbach, Sam
Waterston, Betty Allen, Paul Binder, Michael Christensen and Joseph F. Cullman
III are this year's crop of "living landmarks," to be designated at the annual
dinner-dance of the New York Landmarks Conservancy at the Plaza. The event
raises money for the organization's preservation and restoration and
rehabilitation programs, which have included creating affordable housing in
landmark buildings. Two living landmarks from previous years will be there: Liz
Smith, the host, and Peter Duchin, who will perform with his orchestra. The
black-tie evening begins with drinks at 7. Tickets, $500, from (212) 995-5260.

Doing Good by Eating Well
THURSDAY -- Daniel Boulud will cook an appetizer and receive an award at a black
-tie dinner at the University Club. The event will raise money for the community
service, advocacy, research and education programs of the Greater New York
Chapter of the March of Dimes. French chefs from Provence and restaurants in New
York will prepare the rest of the meal. David Rosengarten, host of a cooking
program on the Food Network, will be the master of ceremonies. Cocktails at 7.
Tickets, $500, from (212) 353-8365.

Preserving the Past
THURSDAY -- The Metropolitan Historic Structures Association, representing 85
historic sites in New York and New Jersey, will hold a reception to raise money
for its lecture program on conservation of historic sites and to support
distribution of its guidebook "Glimpses of Old New York: House Museums and
Historic Sites." Arthur Rosenblatt and Page Ayres Cowley, architects, will be
honored for their efforts in historic preservation. The event will begin at 5:30
at one of the sites, the Museum House of the Colonial Dames in the State of New
York, 215 East 71st Street. Tickets, $50, from (212) 685-9723.

Fostering Education
THURSDAY -- Mary J. Blige, the singer, Russell Simmons, the impresario, and
Howard Dodson, the director of the Schomburg Center for Research in Black
Culture, will be honored at a black-tie dinner and dance at the New York Hilton.
The event will raise money for the education programs of One Hundred Black Men
Inc., which include mentoring, tutoring and college scholarships. Cocktails at
7:30. Tickets, $275, from (212) 777-7070.

An All-Star Line-Up
THURSDAY -- WNYC, the public radio station, will honor Sarah Jessica Parker, the
actress; Joan Weill, the chairwoman of the Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater;
and her husband, Sanford I. Weill, the chairman of Citigroup, at a black-tie
dinner at Cipriani, 110 East 42nd Street. The proceeds will help the station buy
its broadcast licenses from New York City. The writer Calvin Trillin will be
host, and the Eroica Trio will perform. Cocktails at 6:30 will be followed by
dinner and the program at 7:30. Tickets, $500, from (212) 614-0400.

Fun With, and for, Kids
FRIDAY -- The Big Apple Circus will hold its annual gala under the big tent at
Lincoln Center's Damrosch Park. The evening will benefit the circus's community
outreach programs, which include the Clown Care Unit for hospitalized children,
the Circus for the Senses for children with difficulties hearing or seeing, free
and low-cost tickets to the circus, and Beyond the Ring, which teaches circus
skills to children 8 to 18. The event begins at 6 with cocktails, hors d'oeuvres
and a boxed dinner, followed by the show at 7. Dessert and dancing will follow
in the ring. Tickets, $200, or $100 for children 12 and under, from (212)
268-2500, ext. 129.

Taking Bets
FRIDAY -- The annual Gamboling Gala, held by United Cerebral Palsy of New York
City, will be at the New York Hilton and feature casino-style games of chance.
Guests will have an opportunity to spend their "winnings" on jewels, furs,
luggage and electronic equipment. The black-tie event raises money for the
organization's services in New York, which include clinics, preschools and adult
day care programs. A cocktail reception at 7 will be followed by a buffet dinner
and dancing. Tickets, $750, from (212) 683-6700, ext. 205.

Pilgrims' Progress
FRIDAY -- The Society of Mayflower Descendants in the State of New York will
hold its annual ball at the St. Regis. Frances Daly Fergusson, the president of
Vassar College, will be honored. The evening will benefit the society's
education programs, which include visits to New York area schools by costumed
guides from Plimouth Plantation, a "living history" museum in Plymouth, Mass.,
and awards to graduating high school seniors. Cocktails at 7:30 will be followed
by dinner, dancing and the presentation of debutantes. Black or white tie.
Tickets, $250, or $175 for those under 35, from (212) 759-1620.

Hebrew Home Honors
NEXT SUNDAY -- The Hebrew Home for the Aged in Riverdale, the Bronx, will honor
Richard A. Grasso, the chairman of the New York Stock Exchange, at a dinner at
the Waldorf-Astoria. Cocktails begin at 6, followed by dinner and dancing. Black
tie. Tickets, $1,000, from (718) 581-1234.

Whitney Gala
NOV. 6 -- The Whitney Museum of American Art will hold its annual gala at the
museum. Guests will view its retrospective of Edward Steichen's photographs and
other works, and the cabaret artist Andrea Marcovicci will perform. The black
-tie event will raise money for the museum's collection, exhibitions and
educational programs. Drinks at 7 will be followed by dinner and dancing in the
Emily Fisher Landau Gallery at 8. From 9 to 1 a.m., guests will move to the
Robert J. Hurst Gallery for dessert and dancing. Tickets, $1,000, or $150 for
entry at 9 for dancing and dessert, from (212) 935-1033.

Fighting Cancer
NOV. 6 -- The American-Italian Cancer Foundation will hold its annual gala at
Cipriani, 110 East 42nd Street. The evening will raise money for the
organization's research and fellowships in Italy and the United States, and for
free mammograms and prostate cancer screenings in the New York area. Cocktails
and a silent auction at 6 will be followed by a live auction, dinner and an
awards ceremony. Tickets, $800, or $250 for those 35 and younger, from (212)
628-9090.

Indigo Girls at the Pierre
NOV. 7 -- The Indigo Girls will perform at a benefit at the Pierre for the
American Indian College Fund. Sherman Alexie, a Native American writer and poet,
will be the master of ceremonies, and the event will raise money for
scholarships and programs at the organization's 31 member institutions.
Cocktails at 6:30 will be followed by dinner an hour later, and the performance
will begin at 9:15. Black tie or native dress. Tickets, $500, or $85 for the
show alone, from (212) 787-6312.

Harvest Ball
NOV. 8 -- The Federation of Protestant Welfare Agencies will hold its annual
Harvest Ball at the Lighthouse at the Chelsea Piers Sports Complex. The event
raises money for the organization and its member agencies, which provide a
variety of social services. John C. Whitehead, a former co-chairman of Goldman,
Sachs & Company, will be among the honorees. Cocktails and a silent auction at
6, with dinner and dancing to follow at 7; black tie. Tickets, $500, from (212)
838-2660.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Schedule

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              628 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Pioneer (India)

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

Top 3% of population owns much of black wealth

LENGTH: 1627 words

DATELINE: India


India, Nov. 29 -- Dr Kailash Chandra Mishra is one of the best brains of our
times that our country is proud of. A kaleidoscopic personality mellowed with
the expertise of a scientist, endowed with the vision of a philosopher, having
pragmatic wisdom of a Bentham, imbued with the skill of a top-brass management
guru, a think-tank of banking and insurance economy; he held many top positions
both at home and abroad leaving behind him all the mud as gold during his
career. As the founder Vice-Chancellor of Sri Sri University, Odisha, Director
and CEO of Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management, Delhi, Director and CEO
of National Insurance Academy, Pune, Area Chairman, Finance and Strategy at
Administrative Staff College of India, Hyderabad, Principal, Bank of India
Management Development Centre, Representative of the World Bank for Agricultural
and Disaster Risk Funding in South Asia, Regulatory Consultant for Ghana,
Mauritius, Muscat, Nigeria, Ethiopia, Qatar; he has carved a niche for himself
everywhere. He has taught financial management in Connecticut, Colombia,
Manchester, Mauritius, Ghana, Nigeria,Yale and in many other universities.

He was adjudged as the Best Service Skill Developer of India and the UK. He was
also collaborative consultant of Mercer for RBI Reserve Management Best
Practices..In an interview to The Pioneer, this scholar-extraordinaire spoke to
Sugyan Choudhury, revealing his timely reflections of much value and
significance on Modi's demonetisation and present-day India.

How come when most of the ordinary citizens of Indiay are praising Modi's
demonetisation, some opposition leaders are hostile?

Politicians maintain a conspiracy of silence amongst them as they fight for
power but united for electoral compulsions of expenditure. Modi showed political
will to break this conspiratorial silence and elegantly won the confidence of
common man. He preempted the pain point effect by an emotional appeal to masses,
giving a deadline to the possible endurance. Politicians of most hues were
unsettled as they had no defense against black money. Even those who hoard, have
to look pious. They oppose demonetisation for their unbearable inconveniences.
But they have to talk of inconvenience of the poor or the old widow or patient
in hospital. All they assert may be real, but unfortunately for them, the
sufferers are ready to endure. Common man thinks of total elimination in
parallel economy, counterfeit currency and terror financing. To this list is
added post-modernism of cashless society pride. But politicians know Modi's
weakness in not unearthing the stash of foreign black money. Even, the CBI's
scaled-down version of $500 billion foreign black money is tapped to only 0.7
per cent. Political duel will continue till Modi does something for black money
in real estate and gold and stashed abroad. They also try to pin down the
Government by quoting Kirit Ganatra's Akila or Brajesh Dubey's Hindi daily
Dainik Jagran before Modi's announcements. But public perception remains in
Modi's favour. If the RBI gets an estimated Rs 3 lakh crore black money from
this exercise, Modi continues to be a war hero.

Some pundits argue that demonetisation will make the currency weak. Dollar is
strong because it has never been demonetized. What's your view?

There are a number of country-specific variables that go into determining a
currency's strength. Demonetisation has often created strength of currency and
sometimes resulted in weakness as well. Russia and Australia are two best
examples. In January 1991 under the leadership of Mikhail Gorbachev, USSR
withdrew 50 and 100 Ruble notes from circulation in an attempt to remove black
money. But Gorbachev failed and was removed in a coup. But Gorbachev's failure
brought success later in 1998 by re-domination of Ruble where three zeroes were
removed. But when in 2010 another two zeroes were removed from Ruble, poor
harvest antidote the effort. In 1996, Australia became the first to introduce
such reforms in currency. The currency gained in tremendous strength. The USA
has cleverly demonetised currency, giving a feeling that Dollar was never
demonetised. For example, in the Vietnam era, when US military personnel arrived
in Vietnam, they exchanged all Dollars for military currency of the same
denominations intended to be used only for on-base transactions. For off-base,
US military men were supposed to convert into the local currency, Piasters.
However, contact between locals was common, and local sellers would take US
military script as well as Piasters. Then one day, without warning to any one,
all US bases millitary currencies were forced to exchange for a different
series. They could exchange as much as they wanted on that day but knew that the
following day the old script would be worthless and could not be exchanged. US
military didn't suffer, but locals were duped for having accepted US military
currency in good faith. In this entire demonetisation process, Dollar was
immunised cleverly.

With the present demonetisation, will the real estate prices come down to be
affordable to middleclass in big cities?

Real Estate market runs partly in black wealth and partly in black income. Black
income is circulating whereas black wealth is an accumulated stock. Expert
economists do not subscribe to the view that black money creates parallel
economy. Two economies are completely intertwined, generating black and white
income simultaneously. Real estate is epitome of such intertwining, particularly
in cities like Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata and Bangalore. In the near term,
cashlessness will result in arrest of fresh black income flows. But nothing will
happen to black wealth unless the owner is in distress. But superior liquidity
and resources with banks will allow them to lend more to real estate at low
interest. Real estate prices may stagnate, but builders are not likely to sell
in distress slashing down the prices unless steps are also taken to curb and
contain black real estate wealth, which is formidable and daunting unlike
demonetisation.

Will this surgical strike on black money be cathartic enough to purge the
electoral battles?

Parties in India do not function democratically. Constituencies are family
properties. Leaders often don't know the people in the constituency. Even
cadre-based parties are becoming leader-based parties. Only rich and influential
in the constituency matter. State funding of elections will only provide funds
to such pre-identified leader, with vested interest. Election expenses are 10
times the allowed limit and a bulk of the expenditures are on illegal activities
and raised from illegal sources. Election financing is a very small part of the
black economy. Eighty per cent of the declared funding of BJP, Congress and
other parties are coming from donations below Rs 20,000, which don't have to be
revealed. That should be changed. Electoral politics creates a nexus between
politicians, businessman and, often, executive governance system. A
comprehensive electoral reform is necessary with honesty of purpose, not
hypocrisy of everything.

What will be its impact on the various cross-sections of society?

Top 3 per cent of the population owns much of black wealth, but black income is
all pervasive that is intertwined with white income. This demonetisation
exercise may eliminate a part of black money only with some obvious leakages due
to high degree of manipulative skills of black money owners. With possibility of
about Rs 3 lakh crore of black money from demonetisation pains, the Government
may be in a position to catalyse some much-needed economic development
activities. In steady state, it may equilibrate. Such incidents only jolt the
common man a bit to gravitate to national standards in no time. Continuous
reinforcement could bring permanent reform. In India, poor are still only
takers. Middleclass will have expectations of unmet dreams. Rich will need a
governance system where they encounter a no win at every breach of ethics.

Some opposition leaders in Pakistan are demanding mimicking Modi's style of
demonetisation in their country. What's your response?

The Pakistan Peoples' Party found wisdom in Modi's action. Sponsored by its
senator Osman Saifullah Khan, the PPP submitted a resolution to demonetise in
respect of 5000 and 1000 currencies. They argue ill-conceived taxation policy of
Government is taking Pakistan to a cash economy. A Senate standing committee of
Pakistan is generally agreeable to the Osman resolution, but political
expediency has prompted Committee Chairman Senator Saleem Mandviwalla to make
the resolution more consultative. The world doesn't take Pakistan seriously any
more. Instead of seeking ad hoc political gain from a nationally painful
exercise, Modi and India should consolidate the gains keeping in view the 1978
demonetisation comments of the then RBI Governor IG Patel, "Demonetisation
exercise seldom produces striking results. Most people who accept illegal
gratification or are otherwise the recipients of black money do not keep their
ill-gotten earnings in the form of currency for long. The idea that black money
or wealth is held in the form of notes tucked away in suitcases or pillowcases
is naive. And in any case, even those who are caught napping or waiting will
have the chance to convert the notes through paid agents as some provision has
to be made to convert at par notes tendered in small amounts for which
explanations cannot be reasonably sought. But the gesture had to be made, and
produced much work and little gain."

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Pioneer. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 CMYK Printech Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Political & Business Daily (India)

                             May 25, 2011 Wednesday

Amended DTAAs to help in dealing with black money

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, May 25 -- Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today exuded confidence
that modified tax avoidance agreements with various countries and pacts with tax
havens will help in dealing with the menace of black money.

"Income Tax Department is engaged in ways to tackle with black money," he told
reporters on the sidelines of an income tax conference here.

He said the Government was amending Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAA)
by inserting a clause on information regarding banking sector and also entering
into tax information exchange agreements (TIEA) with several countries,
including tax havens.

"These (DTAA & TIEA) are two important instruments which will help the income
tax department tackle black money and black money stashed outside...we will able
to impose tax on them," Mukherjee said.

DTAAs have been amended (clause on banking sector has been inserted) with 40
nations and TIEA has been sealed with tax havens like Isle of Man, Bermuda and
Bahamas.

In absence of a clause on banking sector in DTAAs, the contracting countries
were not sharing information in this regard.

However, after the G20 Summit in Pittsburgh and subsequent meetings of Finance
Ministers of the member countries, all the 20 countries agreed to amend DTAAs.

Mukherjee also said with strengthening of the transfer pricing mechanism, the
government has been able to prevent outflow of '33,000 crore.

"We have strengthened our transfer pricing mechanism through which we are
preventing the transfers (of fund) through various dubious practices...'33,000
crore have been detected, which otherwise would have gone out of the country,"
he said.

Black money has become a big political issue in the country, with the opposition
accusing the government of not doing enough to bring back the illegal money
stashed abroad.

Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee today exuded confidence that modified tax
avoidance agreements with various countries and pacts with tax havens will help
in dealing with the menace of black money. "Income Tax Department is engaged in
ways to tackle with black money," he told reporters on the sidelines of an
income tax conference here.He said the Government was amending Double Taxation
Avoidance Agreements (DTAA) by inserting a clause on information regarding
banking sector and also entering into tax information exchange agreements (TIEA)
with several countries, including tax havens."These (DTAA & TIEA) are two
important instruments which will help the income tax department tackle black
money and black money stashed outside...we will able to impose tax on them,"
Mukherjee said.DTAAs have been amended (clause on banking sector has been
inserted) with 40 nations and TIEA has been sealed with tax havens like Isle of
Man, Bermuda and Bahamas. In absence of a clause on banking sector in DTAAs, the
contracting countries were not sharing information in this regard.However, after
the G20 Summit in Pittsburgh and subsequent meetings of Finance Ministers of the
member countries, all the 20 countries agreed to amend DTAAs.Mukherjee also said
with strengthening of the transfer pricing mechanism, the government has been
able to prevent outflow of '33,000 crore."We have strengthened our transfer
pricing mechanism through which we are preventing the transfers (of fund)
through various dubious practices...'33,000 crore have been detected, which
otherwise would have gone out of the country," he said.Black money has become a
big political issue in the country, with the opposition accusing the government
of not doing enough to bring back the illegal money stashed abroad. Published by
HT Syndication with permission from The Political & Business Daily. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                             Copyright 2011 pbd.in
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Economy in black and white;
Curbing generation and outflow of black money are more important than bringing
it back

BYLINE: Pooja Rangaprasad

LENGTH: 1083  words


Curbing generation and outflow of black money are more important than bringing
it back

The election manifestos of most prominent political parties have included a
reference to the issues related to black money in the country. The common
feature across the manifestos is the focus on bringing the money back from
foreign bank accounts. While the commitment to addressing the issue is welcome,
the political attention on bringing this money back is partly misguided and
needs to shift towards how the generation of black money and its outflow from
the country can be curtailed in the first place. There needs to be a greater
clarity on the concept of black money to move towards a more informed debate on
these issues.

Economists working on this issue have been highlighting the need for conceptual
clarity between 'flow of black income' over a period of time and 'stock of black
wealth' at any given point in time. 'Black money' often continues to be used to
mistakenly mean both income and wealth, though in technical discussions, it only
refers to income which has not been reported or disclosed to public authorities.
This would include money earned from illegal activities like crime (such as drug
trafficking, smuggling, human trafficking etc) and corruption, as well as
proceeds from legal activities that are not fully reported (ie commercial tax
evasion). Contrary to popular opinion, the biggest contributor in generation of
black money in India is not corruption. According to a report on black money by
the Central Board of Direct Taxes, 'Measures to Tackle Black Money in India and
Abroad' (2012), the main method for generation of black money in India is
through commercial tax evasion by under-reporting revenues and inflating
expenses adopted by a range of business entities. This is also in line with
global research trends that show that of the entire amount of illicit outflow of
money from countries, commercial transactions account for about 60%; 35% are the
result of criminal transactions and 5% generated through corruption (United
Nations Economic Commission for Africa, 2014). Studies commissioned by the
Government of India in 2011 (but yet to be published) to assess and provide
estimates of the extent of black money in India may help provide further
insights on this debate in the Indian context.

Estimating the magnitude of the black economy (in terms of black income over a
period of time) has been fraught with methodological difficulties. One of the
earliest estimates was provided by the Direct Taxes Enquiry Committee, 1971
(popularly known as Wanchoo Committee), which had suggested that India's black
economy was approximately Rs1,000 crore for the year 1965-66. Since then the
estimates have varied from the black economy being around 20% of GDP for the
year 1980-81 (NIPFP) to 40% of GDP for the year 1995-96 (Arun Kumar). Adding to
the complexity of these debates is the misconception that political will is
needed only to recover the money ie bring the money back, which is based on the
assumption that all black money is lying in offshore bank accounts. While this
is one aspect of the issue, in reality a large portion of the money that flows
out comes back into India through a process called 'round tripping' ie the money
that had left the country (and generally ends up in a tax haven) is invested
back into the country as 'white' money. Research on FDI inflows into India by KS
Chalapati Rao and Biswajit Dhar (2011) noted that almost 70% of inflows were
through tax havens and at best half the total inflows could be considered as
genuine FDI. In such a scenario, the intense focus on recovering black money
from offshore bank accounts is partly misguided and it would be much more
prudent to invest in mechanisms that will help restrict the generation and
outflow of such money.

These mechanisms would include reforms in a number of areas identified as most
vulnerable to generation of black money such as real estate, bullion and
jewellery, financial markets, public procurement, cash economy, trade mispricing
and transfer pricing. Moreover, while there are a number of legislations to
tackle this problem, the implementation of these needs to be strengthened. In
this context, the administrative machinery needs to be fortified, especially
addressing staff shortage across various agencies indicated to be over 30,000 in
the report by CBDT. The existence of tax havens and the scope for round tripping
could induce not only the outflow of black money but its generation as well.
Deterrents to this include greater transparency measures such as introduction of
registries (which could be made public with adequate safeguards) of ultimate
beneficial owners of trusts, foundations and corporations to address the issue
of incomes being hidden behind shell companies or benami accounts. Effective
exchange of tax information between countries, which the Indian government has
been pushing for in global forums such as G20, would be a step in the right
direction. Also, improved corporate reporting standards, which include data by
country on employees, sales, profits, taxes etc, will provide tax authorities
with more information to tackle misuse of tax haven routes. While some sections
in the policy community argue that high tax rates induce the generation of black
money in our country, it is important to note that India's tax regime is already
moderate. The highest marginal personal income tax rate in India at 33.99% (as
of 2013-14) is moderate compared to several countries such as Japan (50.84%),
China (45%), UK (45%), South Africa (40%), and USA (39.6%). Our corporate income
tax rate is 30 % but the effective tax rate (ie after taking into account the
exemptions/deductions), as per the Union Ministry of Finance, is around 23%.

Continuing to focus solely on recovering black money will not be very effective
in addressing these issues. Considering India's low tax-GDP ratio at around 17%,
which is one of the lowest for G20 countries (above only Mexico and Indonesia)
and the lowest among BRICS countries, mobilising additional revenue is the need
of the hour. Appropriate policy measures to curb the generation and outflow of
black money could enable the government to step up the country's low tax-GDP
ratio significantly, which in turn can help improve public provisioning in a
range of important sectors.

The author works with Centre for Budget and Governance Accountability (CBGA) in
New Delhi

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2014 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 15, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

In an Effort to Lessen Turmoil, Whitman Goes to Black Churches

BYLINE: By KIMBERLY J. McLARIN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 961 words

DATELINE: SOMERSET, N.J., Nov. 14


After a week of turmoil set off by a statement that money was paid to suppress
the black vote in the gubernatorial election, Gov.-elect Christine Todd Whitman
made a symbolic journey to two black churches today, continuing an effort to
mend fences with black clergy and community leaders.

She said little about the controversy stirred by comments by her chief
strategist and campaign manager, Edward J. Rollins Jr., and most ministers
reserved their condemnations for Mr. Rollins and his initial statement that
$500,000 had been paid to black ministers and Democratic campaign workers to
keep the black vote down.

At St. James African Methodist Episcopal Church in Newark, the Rev. Dr. William
D. Watley said it was nearly impossible that $500,000 -- the amount stated by
Mr. Rollins -- could float around the churches of New Jersey without it becoming
known. Mr. Watley said the Rollins comments arose from an "arrogance of
whiteness that makes them feel they can say what they will about the
African-American community without any accountability."

"It's a diabolical effort to undermine our credibility," he said. "If you're
successful, then you leave that community without a strong foundation."

At the Galilee Baptist Church in Trenton, the Rev. John H. Harris Jr. said Mr.
Rollins marred the character of all black churches with his comments. "My
integrity is not for sale," he said to cries of "Amen" from the congregation. "I
will not tolerate the slandering of our people."

Mr. Rollins, Mrs. Whitman's former campaign manager, set off the furor on
Tuesday when he said Republicans funneled about $500,000 to urban black
ministers and Democratic workers to curb their get-out-the-vote efforts for Gov.
Jim Florio. One day later, under intense pressure from Mrs. Whitman, Mr. Rollins
retracted the statement and issued an apology. Mrs. Whitman has steadfastly
denied that the payoffs occurred.

The issue is to have its first formal airing on Monday at a hearing before Judge
Dickinson R. Debevoise of Federal District Court in Newark. The New Jersey
Democratic State Committee plans to ask the court to force Republicans to turn
over records from the Whitman campaign.

To Seek Records

Raymond J. Lesniak, the state Democratic chairman, said the party would ask for
records from Whitman campaign workers like Mr. Rollins; Carl Golden, campaign
press secretary; Webster B. Todd Jr., Mrs. Whitman's brother and adviser, and
Mayor Bret Schundler of Jersey City, who worked closely with the campaign.

Continuing her efforts to mend fences, Mrs. Whitman and her husband, John, sat
through services at the St. Matthew African Methodist Episcopal Church in Orange
and the First Baptist Church of Lincoln Gardens in Somerset. She did not address
the congregations and had little to say to reporters waiting outside the
churches, except that she and her husband had come to pray.

Asked outside a church what Mr. Rollins should do, Mrs. Whitman said he should
"let his conscience dictate," then got into her car, The Associated Press
reported.

'Hard' to Believe

On Saturday the New Jersey chapter of the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People urged Mrs. Whitman not to take office until state
and Federal investigations of the comments were completed and she was cleared.

Mr. Lesniak said county Democratic leaders had reported no evidence that any
black ministers took money to refrain from urging people to vote.  He is more
concerned, he said, about the claims that the Whitman campaign paid off
Democratic campaign workers than by the claim that black ministers received
money.

"It's hard for me to believe that Ed Rollins made this up out of the clear blue
sky since it's part and parcel of an admitted strategy of the Whitman campaign,
we believe," Mr. Lesniak said. "But I don't think someone is going to come
forward."

But the black ministers of New Jersey are concerned about the implication that
they can be bought. A group of New Jersey ministers has hired a lawyer and is
considering filing a civil lawsuit against Mr. Rollins, said the Rev. DeForest
B. Soaries Jr., pastor of the First Baptist Church of Lincoln Gardens.

But in his sermon, Mr. Soaries excluded Mrs. Whitman, who sat in the second row,
from criticism, The Associated Press said. "She was willing to affirm her belief
in the integrity of the black church," he said. "She said, 'I think this is an
insult to black preachers and black people.' "

In their sermons today, several ministers retraced the painful steps that black
Americans took to secure the right to vote before the ministers assured their
congregations that they would never treat lightly such hard-won rights. "I can't
be bought because the price is too high and because I've already been bought,"
Mr. Soaries said. "I work for the King."

Mr. Watley of the St. James A.M.E. Church in Newark said during an interview
that black voters did not turn out enthusiastically for Mr. Florio because the
Governor took their votes for granted and did not campaign vigorously in urban
areas.

'Just Fans in the Stands'

"We didn't pick the horse to run in this race," he said. "We didn't prepare him
for the race. We were not the jockeys that rode him. We were just fans in the
stands. Don't blame the fans because the horse lost."

At the Galilee church, Mr. Harris raised Mr. Rollins's name as the church took
up a collection. "If Ed Rollins said we all took money for our building funds,
I'd like to know where it is," Mr. Harris said.

Members of the Galilee Baptist congregation said they supported the state and
Federal investigations into the issue. "It's enough to make you angry," said
Floreen Spence. "Who wouldn't be? But the truth will come out sooner or later."

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A group of New Jersey ministers has hired a lawyer and is
considering filing a lawsuit against Edward J. Rollins Jr., said the Rev.
DeForest B. Soaries Jr., left, pastor of the First Baptist Church of Lincoln
Gardens in Somerset, N.J. The Rev. Robert Woodson stood, at right, yesterday at
the news conference. (Sam D'Amico for The New York Times)(pg. B6); Gov.-elect
Christine Todd Whitman attending services at the First Baptist Church of Lincoln
Gardens in Somerset, N.J. (Laura Pedrick for The New York Times)(pg. B1)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              632 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            March 25, 2009 Wednesday

Lewis Black turns his frustration toward economy

BYLINE: William Loeffler

LENGTH: 528 words


The worse times get, the more popular Lewis Black becomes.

Economists predict he'll stay popular at least through 2009.

"I think it's the fact that they feel that frustration that I feel," he says of
his audience. "It may not be about the same things, but ... they always say I
say the stuff a lot of the times that (they) want to say. They're frustrated by
a ton of stuff on a daily basis, and it's nice to watch someone play it out."

Black, who performs Saturday at Heinz Hall, has been the resident seether on
"The Daily Show" on Comedy Central since 1996. During his three-minute "Back in
Black" commentaries, he delivers a red-faced, finger-stabbing tantrum against
whoever or whatever is wasting our time, stealing our money or insulting our
intelligence at the moment. His targets have included incorrect weather
forecasts, moral outrage over Janet Jackson's "wardrobe malfunction" and literal
interpretations of the Bible. His Swiftian denunciations jump-started a career
that includes stand-up tours, best-selling books and movie roles.

It doesn't take someone in Mensa to figure out why he named this tour "Let Them
Eat Cake." Just open the papers and read about serial swindler Bernie Madoff or
about the bonuses paid to AIG executives using bailout money provided by
taxpayers.

"It started when Bush was president, and it still seems to apply," Black says.
"It's like the Medicis or something. These guys running the financial world,
it's like the court of Louis XIV. What planet are you on?

"It comes from that idiotic attitude of entitlement."

It used to be he could read about Michael Jackson or other preposterous issues
for his "Daily Show" spots. Now, he, says, he has to read the business section.
No wonder he's irritated.

But Black hasn't heard anything yet. Told about the North Shore Connector, the
project to bore two tunnels under the Allegheny River that is already more than
$100 million over budget, he is rendered momentarily speechless.

"Why wouldn't they use that money for the bridges?" he asks, very reasonably.

"Why not give the money to the Pirates? They can buy some ballplayers. I'm
serious. I can guarantee people would walk across the bridge if the Pirates were
a better ball club. I mean, you guys have been buried for years. Take $20
million; you'd have another 10 games won."

Then there's the matter of Pittsburgh Mayor Luke Ravenstahl spending state grant
money for trash cans bearing his name that cost $1,010 each.

"My God," Black says. "And nobody stopped him? Wow. Maybe if they put a picture
on the top so his mouth was open so that's where you could throw the trash. Wow
... what an ego. Why would you want your name on a trash can?"

Black attended the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. He studied drama
at Yale University. Playwriting was his career until he began doing stand-up,
something he'd first attempted while in college.

"The 'eureka' moment came when a friend of mine, a comic I know, was watching me
onstage in the mid '80s and came up to me after he saw my set, and he said,
'You're really angry. You should be yelling while you're onstage.' ... He said,
'Just try it,' and it changed my life."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

EDITORIAL: Shown the money: Former state Rep. Michael Decker's guilty plea to a
conspiracy charge darkens the cloud over House Speaker Jim Black

BYLINE: The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 715 words


Aug. 3--Michael Decker has gone from being a low-profile, mediocre legislator in
the General Assembly to the center of an investigation that has rocked the
public's confidence in elected leaders. The Good Ship Decker was sunk Tuesday by
federal prosecutors, when the former state representative from Walkertown in
Forsyth County agreed to a guilty plea on a conspiracy charge that could send
him to prison for five years and result in a $250,000 fine.

With his plea Decker acknowledged that he had deprived the public of his honest
services by conspiring to engage in extortion, mail fraud and money laundering.
Prosecutors say he offered to switch his party registration from Republican to
Democrat, and to support a "certain Democrat" for House speaker, in exchange for
$50,000 and a job for his son.

Was anybody else on that ship? That remains to be seen, in terms of charges
filed, but the other figure who seems front and center right now is House
Speaker Jim Black, Democrat of Mecklenburg County. Black is an extraordinarily
successful fund-raiser -- special interest groups such as the video poker
industry and optometrists love him for looking out for their interests -- and a
man who by all appearances desperately wanted to hold to power in January of
2003.

That's when the state House split 61-59 in favor of Republicans. But Decker
suddenly became a Democrat, and thus Black and former state Rep. Richard Morgan,
a Republican from Moore County, went on to share the speaker's chair. (Democrats
have since regained control of the chamber, and Black is again the sole
speaker.)

Black has not been charged with anything, although investigations are ongoing
touching on his campaign fund-raising and the lobbying activities of Meredith
Norris, his former political director and close aide. Black's attorney says the
speaker promised and gave Decker nothing for his timely party switch. He just
offered to help him raise money after Decker said he was voting for Black for
speaker. After Decker lost his seat in the legislature in 2004, the speaker
helped fund a position for him with the state Department of Cultural Resources.
That position has since expired.

So just who was it -- the unidentified House member who prosecutors say brought
Decker $38,000 in campaign checks and $12,000 in cash at a meeting in Salisbury
after the 2002 elections? The Winston-Salem Journal has reported that Black and
Decker had a meeting at the International House of Pancakes in Salisbury during
that period. And a good bit of the money that went to Decker, as noted by the
watchdog group Democracy North Carolina, came from money sources that had been
very good to Jim Black -- video poker operators, optometrists, chiropractors,
attorneys with the Womble Carlyle law firm and others.

Decker spent some of the $50,000 he says he received on a vehicle and a trip to
Florida. Though lawmakers have since tightened the rules -- as part of other
ethics reforms spurred on by the controversies surrounding Black -- at that time
legislators were allowed to spend campaign money on personal expenses.

Much remains to be seen about what happened here, and who else may be involved.
But certainly with regard to Decker's admissions, the acting United States
attorney, George Holding, had it right when he said, "This kind of public
corruption undermines our democracy and the legitimacy of legislative bodies."
Governor Easley, a Black ally, said, "It's a blight on the state."

If a legislator was willing to trade his support for money, and got it, that
means someone was willing to pay. The whole story of who gave what to whom and
why has yet to come out, but it will as prosecutors proceed. They clearly are
counting on Decker to provide useful information as to other laws that may have
been broken, and his plea deal obliges him to cooperate. In terms of the
public's confidence in the integrity of the legislature, chances don't look very
good that the unfolding story will have a happy ending.

Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060803-RA-0803-EDITORIAL-Shown-the-money

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                              634 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday

Black wants wife left out of it

BYLINE: CanWest News Service

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 727  words


Conrad Black's lawyers say his wife Barbara Amiel-Black has become "a lightning
rod of controversy," and if evidence about her spending habits is introduced in
his upcoming criminal fraud trial it "threatens the return of a verdict for the
wrong reasons."

"Injecting Mrs. Black into the trial would be unnecessary to any real issue in
this case, and would result in a circus-like sideshow, " Black's lawyers said in
a document filed yesterday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois.

Jury selection for the trial is set to begin March 14 in Chicago.

U.S. prosecutors claim Black received company money for personal expenses
related to his wife's shopping excursions, including nearly $2US,500 for
handbags and $24,950 for "summer drinks."

Amiel-Black, who once quipped to a U.S. fashion magazine that she has "an
extravagance that knows no bounds," is featured prominently, and at times
unflatteringly, in a book by British author Tom Bower published late last year.

Black's court filing cites Bower's book as evidence that she could be a viewed
as a controversial figure in his criminal trial.

"The defendant in this case is Conrad M. Black, not his wife, Barbara Amiel-
Black," the document states, adding that prosecutors have failed to produce
"sufficient proof" that Black knew about or authorized her shopping expenses.

'Improper appeals'

Black's lawyers have already asked Judge Amy St. Eve, who will preside over the
trial, to insist that prosecutors and their witnesses refrain from making
"improper appeals or references to class bias, including any and all
inappropriate comments about wealth and tastes of Mr. Black and his wife."

The legal papers filed this week were in response to a document filed by U.S.
attorney Patrick J. Fitzgerald Jan. 8 in which the prosecutor sought to admit
new evidence of Black's behaviour.

U.S. law permits evidence of "other crimes, wrongs, or acts" that is not part of
an indictment to be introduced if it is "inextricably intertwined" with the
alleged criminal acts.

The new evidence - including some provided by his former right- hand man David
Radler, who pleaded guilty to reduced charges and is expected to be a star
witness against Black - is intended to "complete the story of the crime" for a
jury, Fitzgerald said in the court filing.

Black faces charges of fraud, racketeering, money-laundering and obstruction of
justice.

In an indictment in late 2005, prosecutors alleged Black and other former
executives of Hollinger International Inc. diverted more than $80 million in
bonuses to themselves disguised as non-compete payments linked to newspaper
sales.

Black is also accused of abusing company perks while at the helm of Hollinger,
including using a corporate jet to fly him and his wife to the French Polynesian
island of Bora Bora for a vacation.

None of the allegations has been proven in court.

New allegations

U.S. prosecutors are seeking to enter new allegations at trial to demonstrate
Black's "consistent belief that (Hollinger) International's money belonged to
him."

Among the prosecutor's claims is that Black and other former Hollinger
executives engaged in insider trading in 1998 with the help of Brascan Corp. to
prop up Hollinger's share price.

The U.S. attorney also alleges that Black breached stock market regulations by
posting an anonymous message about his company's stock price on a Yahoo Internet
message board. Black allegedly used the name "enspector," and posted the message
after berating in writing another executive for refusing to do it, the
prosecutor claims.

In a separate filing, Black's lawyers lashed out at the attempt to enter
allegations that are not the basis of formal charges against him.

They said the 30-page government filing attempts to include 11 separate
uncharged acts "bringing to mind the Italian exclamation, Basta!, which freely
translated, means "Enough!'"

The U.S. government does not possess any evidence the anonymous Yahoo posting
came from Black's computer, the filing claims, arguing that evidence surrounding
the Internet posting is inadmissible.

The prosecutor has insisted Black's close attention to details, such as what was
being said about his company's stock price in an Internet chat room, proves he
would have known the details of newspaper sales and non-competition payments
that are at the heart of the criminal charges against him.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Conrad Black: Faces charges including fraud and racketeering. ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2007 The Halifax Daily News, a division of Transcontinental Media
                                   Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 17, 1998, Sunday

POLITICS IN BLACK, WHITE & GREEN

BYLINE: BILL MAXWELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1628 words



In their first legislative session since Willie Logan was unceremoniously
dumped by Florida House Democrats as their candidate for speaker, black
Democrats and white Republicans gave new meaning to the politics of quid pro
quo.

This new spirit of cooperation could be seen at a recent event in Fort
Lauderdale to raise money for a group that helps black children, where
Republican gubernatorial candidate Jeb Bush and state Rep. Logan, D-Opa-Locka,
discussed issues important to black communities. After the fund-raiser, Logan
described his political approach in these terms: "The African-American
community has no permanent friends and no permanent enemies. Only permanent
interests."

Logan was referring, of course, to the millions of dollars in pet projects  that
he and other black Democrats won from white Republicans this past  legislative
session in return for their support of several GOP initiatives.  Such comments
and the GOP's new generosity have many white and black  Democratic loyalists
wondering if we are not watching a rather tawdry  relationship develop, a union
between political pimps and prostitutes. Rep.  Cynthia Chestnut, D-Gainesville,
is not reassuring in her immediate response:  "We certainly aren't the latter."

Perhaps not. But if they are not whores who are selling out to the most
generous johns, black Democrats have at least lost sight of political reality,
suggests U.S. Rep. Carrie Meek of Miami. As they grab for money, Meek says,
black lawmakers have forgotten who their real friends are.

Politics indeed is an art that requires the players to give and take and  make
deals - even to on occasion hop in bed with the enemy. But Logan is wrong  to
suggest that blacks do not need permanent friends. To have no permanent
friends, to sell only to the highest bidder, is to lack a sense of loyalty. It
is to be untrustworthy, perhaps unethical. This cynical philosophy ill-serves
black Floridians, making them appear as unprincipled as some of the white
Republicans who have traditionally held them in contempt.

"As I consider for whom I will vote, I ask, will it be for someone who  opposes
equal opportunity?" Meek says. "Will it be for someone who advocates  school
vouchers, which would rip apart our public schools? Will it be for  someone who
has never stood with us in the past? Will it be for someone with  the gall to
use racist ads to appeal to the worst fears of whites? Will it be  for someone
who, when asked what he will do for African-Americans if elected  governor,
answered "probably nothing'? (See Bush, Jeb!) Will it be for someone  who
opposed voting rights, opposed desegregation, opposed anti-discrimination
laws?"

Logan, who got $ 90,000 for the train station in his hometown, disagrees. He
believes blacks must stop voting along party lines.

"I think that if everybody knew that we were going to be for Buddy  MacKay,"
Logan says, "that we are going to vote for whomever the Democrats  gave us no
matter who they are or what they stand for, then the Democrats  would be
ignoring us and so would the Republicans. I just think it's time that  we be a
little bit more sophisticated in selecting our leaders and the things  we're
going to support.

"I'm not going to try to judge whether this is a long-term or a short-term
alliance with the Republicans. It could be a one-night stand. Obviously, we'll
soon find out as we go into the 1998-99 legislative term. I'm not looking for
permanent friends."

No matter how they dress up their political intentions, Logan and other  black
Democrats have cynically swapped principle and the moral high road for  cash.
They, too, are in a feeding frenzy at the trough. Many of their projects  are
more symbolic than substantive. While making themselves temporarily  popular
among black powerbrokers and leaders of organizations, they are doing  little to
help improve life for large numbers of their constituents.

The legislative decision to pay Freddie Pitts and Wilbert Lee $ 1.5-million
apiece is a prime example of a costly measure that consumed considerable time
and attention but helps only two people. Granted, these black men, who spent  12
years on death row for murders they did not commit, deserve compensation.  But
no one should claim that the interests of African-Americans in general  have
been served.

The bottom line is that a huge surplus of money was available, and the GOP  had
no trouble rewarding black Democrats supportive of GOP causes.

In courting Logan, who is now the best-known black Democrat in the state,  white
Republicans were generous. During the last days of the session, for  example,
Republicans helped Logan tuck $ 5-million into the state budget for a  building
to be constructed at historically black Florida Memorial College - a  private,
Baptist-affiliated campus north of Miami. He had the blessings of  Republicans
only too glad to exploit the disaffection of black Democrats.

Although the building will belong to nearby Florida International  University,
Florida Memorial, which has only 1,500 students, will operate and  maintain it,
and can someday purchase it from FIU. Ironically, FIU did not ask  for the
building and does not know what to do with it. But these facts did not  deter
Logan and the GOP from making dubious history: This is the first time  that
Public Education Capital Outlay money, culled from taxes on utilities,  will be
used to construct a building on a private campus.

How does Logan justify a taxpayer-funded building at a private college?

"We tried to get FIU to come up with satellite office in northwest Dade  for
years, and they refused to do it," he says. "The Board of Regents  refused to
look at it. People in this area should not have to go all the way  to Kendall or
Surfside or Miami Beach to attend a state, urban university. It  should be in
the inner city area, or at least they should have satellite  campuses. This
forces FIU to give courses in our community."

But many state leaders, including State University System Chancellor Adam
Herbert, worry that the FIU/FMC venture will cause trouble. "The precedent is
of great concern to me," Herbert says. "I"m not opposed to Florida Memorial
being enhanced. But the money is from the Public Education Outlay Fund. We  have
a demand for space in the public universities we cannot meet."

The value of many other such pet projects this year is questionable because  tax
dollars are being given to organizations claiming to do good through the
trickle-down process. Rep. Tony Hill of Jacksonville, for instance, got  $
200,000 for a YMCA teen program based in Jacksonville. Kendrick Meek of Miami
got $ 150,000 for 100 Black Men of Florida, which claims to help juveniles. And

 Urban League branches statewide received money to fight black-on-black crime,
even though taxpayers have no proof they are getting their money's worth.

Cynthia Chestnut, denying that she cozied up to Republicans to fund her pet
projects, says she has not abandoned her "core values." Her programs - the  Teen
OUTLET Council Training Institute, which received $ 100,000; the Fifth  Avenue
Cultural Arts After School Program, $ 10,000; the Powerful Elders  Mentoring
Program, $ 10,000; and the Board of Regents Study on Race Relations,  $ 100,000
- are viable and serve the community. But do taxpayers know that  their money is
being well-spent? They must accept Chestnut's claims.

Logan argues that, not counting the FIU building, only about 10 percent of  the
millions appropriated for black Democrats went for pork and turkeys. He
acknowledges, though, that many of the statues, festivals, street
beautifications and some building renovations qualify as pork.

But like Chestnut, Logan rejects notions that he has compromised his  principles
by aligning with Republicans. He has been crisscrossing the state  touting the
new GOP/Black Caucus alliance. He has met with Jeb Bush, and will  be meeting
with him again. He believes that he and other black Democrats need  to help
Bush, who probably will be the next governor, moderate his positions  on issues
important to their constituents.

"It's irrelevant whether we're Democrat or Republican," Logan says. "If  anybody
were to suggest that we are selling out because we are getting help on  the
issues that are important to us, then I admit that I am selling out.  That's the
kind of practical politics I see myself doing over the next couple  of years.
And I will be selling out."

Carrie Meek is incredulous: "Having observed both parties and their  actions and
their policies, I am positively sure that African-Americans should  not support
the Republican Party because the Republican Party has not  supported our best
interests. Please do not be fooled by recent overtures of  the Republican Party
to reach out to African-Americans. Look at their records.  Actions speak louder
than words."

Indeed, the new "show me the money" mantra of black Democrats has made  them no
better than others in Tallahassee. While a Buzz Ritchie can bring home  the pork
to a neighborhood virtually free of crime, a Logan, of crime-plagued  Opa-Loka,
has no such luxury. He, along with others, needs solid efforts that  will help
reduce problems such as teen pregnancy, the spread of AIDS, drug and  alcohol
abuse, poor performance in school, infant mortality and spouse abuse.  Each is a
crisis that is destroying black society.

If black politicians must grab money, they should grab it to find real
solutions, not for pet projects and symbols. Because conditions are so serious
in many of their districts, they cannot afford to waste any tax dollars.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, Associated Press, (2); In an effort to turn up the heat on
white Democrats after his ouster from the party's state House leadership, Rep.
Willie Logan, D-Opa-Locka, addresses a rally outside the Florida Capitol on
April 15.;  House Speaker Daniel Webster, R-Orlando, speaks with Freddie Pitts,
Wilbert Lee and members of the Legislative Black Caucus on April 22. With them
is Rep. Beryl Roberts-Burke, D-Miami.

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              636 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday
                                National Edition

Posted Sports

BYLINE: Sean Fitz-Gerald and Noah Love, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Posted Sports; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 451  words


ARGO TO AUCTION FRIENDS FOR SICK KIDS

Here is the thing about offensive guys in football, according to Adriano Belli,
a defensive guy: "Offensive guys get the ladies. The quarterbacks, the running
backs. I mean, look at a guy like Jesse Lumsden-- that hair, those golden locks.
I can't imagine any girl not wanting to sit down to have dinner with him."

Belli, pictured, a defensive tackle with the Toronto Argonauts who only dabbles
in social science, has organized a charity event that will test his theory. A
dozen media personalities and Canadian Football League players --including
Lumsden, a tailback dubbed the "Hamilton Hottie" by a newspaper in his rookie
season with the Tiger-Cats -- will be auctioned off at the "Big Kiss Valentine's
Dinner" on Feb. 11 in Toronto.

Jesse Palmer, the former QB and star of The Bachelor, will also be placed up for
bid. Proceeds will go to Belli's Big Kiss Fund, which benefits patients at the
Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto.

Belli, 31, plans to sit down with administrators to decide exactly where the
money will be distributed. He is aiming to raise $20,000 annually for the fund,
and claims he is closing in on this year's target.

"I've wanted to spend more time with the kids who are terminally ill," he said.
"I've told [hospital officials], 'if we can bring a little light into a kid's
day, we'll do anything we can for that.'"

Belli roomed with Palmer when the two were trying out with the New York Giants
eight years ago. They were reunited in Montreal in 2006, the year the Alouettes
fell 25-14 to the B. C. Lions in the Grey Cup.

And he conceded Palmer's presence will almost certainly result in more money
being raised by offensive players at the auction next month. "The defensive
guys?

We're just men," Belli said. "If I had to compare, the offensive guys are kind
of like Brad Pitt, and the defensive guys are the John Waynetype. But the women
will have their choice."

---

THESE MEN MAKE THE CLOTHES

We are still five months away from crowning an NBA champion. But the Los Angeles
Lakers seem to be the people's champ.

The No. 24 jersey of Lakers guard Kobe Bryant is the top selling jersey at the
league's store in New York and online, according to a press release from the NBA
on Wednesday. The Lakers are also the most popular team in terms of team
merchandise sales. The rankings reflect the first three months of the regular
season.

Bryant leaped past Boston's Kevin Garnett, whose No. 5 Celtics uniform was the
top-selling jersey last year. He slipped to second on the list. Chris Bosh's
Toronto Raptors jersey did not crack the top 15.

Below are the top 15 best-selling jerseys:

For more Posted Sports, visit us online at www.nationalpost.com/postedsports

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo:; ; Black & White
Photo:; 1. Kobe Bryant ; Black & White
Photo:; 4. Chris Paul ; Black & White
Photo:; 7. Paul Pierce ; Black & White
Photo:; 10. Nate Robinson ; Black & White
Photo:; 13. Ray Allen ; Black & White
Photo:; 2. Kevin Garnett ; Black & White
Photo:; 5. Allen Iverson ; Black & White
Photo:; 8. Dwyane Wade ; Black & White
Photo:; 11. Steve Nash ; Black & White
Photo:; 15. 'Melo Anthony ; Black & White
Photo:; 14. David Lee ; Black & White
Photo:; 3. LeBron James ; Black & White
Photo:; 6. Pau Gasol ; Black & White
Photo:; 9. Derrick Rose ; Black & White
Photo:; 12. Dwight Howard ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            January 29, 2008 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Posted Sports

BYLINE: Sean Fitz-Gerald and Noah Love, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Posted Sports; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 451  words


ARGO TO AUCTION FRIENDS FOR SICK KIDS

Here is the thing about offensive guys in football, according to Adriano Belli,
a defensive guy: "Offensive guys get the ladies. The quarterbacks, the running
backs. I mean, look at a guy like Jesse Lumsden-- that hair, those golden locks.
I can't imagine any girl not wanting to sit down to have dinner with him."

Belli, pictured, a defensive tackle with the Toronto Argonauts who only dabbles
in social science, has organized a charity event that will test his theory. A
dozen media personalities and Canadian Football League players --including
Lumsden, a tailback dubbed the "Hamilton Hottie" by a newspaper in his rookie
season with the Tiger-Cats -- will be auctioned off at the "Big Kiss Valentine's
Dinner" on Feb. 11 in Toronto.

Jesse Palmer, the former QB and star of The Bachelor, will also be placed up for
bid. Proceeds will go to Belli's Big Kiss Fund, which benefits patients at the
Hospital for Sick Children in Toronto.

Belli, 31, plans to sit down with administrators to decide exactly where the
money will be distributed. He is aiming to raise $20,000 annually for the fund,
and claims he is closing in on this year's target.

"I've wanted to spend more time with the kids who are terminally ill," he said.
"I've told [hospital officials], 'if we can bring a little light into a kid's
day, we'll do anything we can for that.'"

Belli roomed with Palmer when the two were trying out with the New York Giants
eight years ago. They were reunited in Montreal in 2006, the year the Alouettes
fell 25-14 to the B. C. Lions in the Grey Cup.

And he conceded Palmer's presence will almost certainly result in more money
being raised by offensive players at the auction next month. "The defensive
guys?

We're just men," Belli said. "If I had to compare, the offensive guys are kind
of like Brad Pitt, and the defensive guys are the John Waynetype. But the women
will have their choice."

---

THESE MEN MAKE THE CLOTHES

We are still five months away from crowning an NBA champion. But the Los Angeles
Lakers seem to be the people's champ.

The No. 24 jersey of Lakers guard Kobe Bryant is the top selling jersey at the
league's store in New York and online, according to a press release from the NBA
on Wednesday. The Lakers are also the most popular team in terms of team
merchandise sales. The rankings reflect the first three months of the regular
season.

Bryant leaped past Boston's Kevin Garnett, whose No. 5 Celtics uniform was the
top-selling jersey last year. He slipped to second on the list. Chris Bosh's
Toronto Raptors jersey did not crack the top 15.

Below are the top 15 best-selling jerseys:

For more Posted Sports, visit us online at www.nationalpost.com/postedsports

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo:; ; Black & White
Photo:; 1. Kobe Bryant ; Black & White
Photo:; 4. Chris Paul ; Black & White
Photo:; 7. Paul Pierce ; Black & White
Photo:; 10. Nate Robinson ; Black & White
Photo:; 13. Ray Allen ; Black & White
Photo:; 2. Kevin Garnett ; Black & White
Photo:; 5. Allen Iverson ; Black & White
Photo:; 8. Dwyane Wade ; Black & White
Photo:; 11. Steve Nash ; Black & White
Photo:; 15. 'Melo Anthony ; Black & White
Photo:; 14. David Lee ; Black & White
Photo:; 3. LeBron James ; Black & White
Photo:; 6. Pau Gasol ; Black & White
Photo:; 9. Derrick Rose ; Black & White
Photo:; 12. Dwight Howard ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           January 18, 2007 Thursday
                                Michigan Edition

TNBA has rich past and bright future

BYLINE: By BRUCE MARSHALL, Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; BOWLING; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 539 words


The South Bend Senate of The National Bowling Association (TNBA) is sponsoring a
Best Ball Tournament Saturday at 1 p.m. at Beacon Bowl.

While not well known in the area, TNBA has a truly distinguished past and
thriving present. Originally known as the "National Negro Bowling Association
(NNBA)," it was started in Detroit in 1939 because minorities were not allowed
to belong to the American Bowling Congress (ABC) or the Women's International
Bowling Congress (WIBC). Both organizations had "Caucasians only" clauses
restricting membership.

NNBA held its first tournament in Cleveland in 1939, with men only, but women
joined the next year. Teams from Chicago, Detroit and Cleveland produced the
best black bowlers, but the NNBA then suspended play from 1943 to 1945. In 1944
the NNBA re-organized into TNBA.

In 1948, a National Committee for Fair Play in Bowling was formed, with Mayor
Hubert Humphrey of Minneapolis as chairman. The committee met in New York to
consider which steps to take to persuade the ABC and WIBC to open its
tournaments to all qualified bowlers.

Eighteen months later both ABC and WIBC repealed their "Caucasians only"
clauses. In 1951 any qualified bowler was eligible for ABC and WIBC events.

TNBA was founded on the principles of "sportsmanship, fellowship and
friendship." For the black bowler especially, membership should be automatic
because TNBA is one of the largest "black founded, black operated and black
directed" organizations in the country.

And the TNBA continues to thrive today. Now in its 66th year, TNBA has 23,000
members in more than 100 senates (chapters) throughout the country and Bermuda.
It sponsors regional and national tournaments, league competition and has its
own Hall of Fame. Although 80 percent of membership today is black, TNBA
membership is open to all bowlers.

TNBA also has a Junior Bowling Program that consists of 8,000 youngsters, ages
of six to 22.

Locally, the South Bend Senate numbers approximately 65. In addition to the Best
Ball Tournament -- which is open to all bowlers -- TNBA sponsors an annual
tournament in February for Black History month for TNBA members. The proceeds go
to the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Foundation.

"Although we do make some money," said Angie Logan, President of the South Bend
Senate, "we like to give it back to the community in donations and prize money.

"We are raising money to send our TNBA youth bowlers to the regional tournament
in April. We have also sponsored a couple of ladies tournaments and we'll have
another one this year."

Membership fees to the TNBA are $15.

Last year TNBA had a 5-week summer league at Beacon and then five weeks at
Chippewa.

"This year we want to have a fall league for TNBA, but that's harder to
organize," Logan said. "We're also putting in a bid to have the central region
tournament here in South Bend in 2009. Bowlers from Chicago, Detroit,
Indianapolis, Louisville and other senates would come here for the tournament.

"It would be big -- they usually use three or four bowling houses for the
tournament," said Logan. "And they keep all of them busy for the weekend."

For additional information about the Best Ball Tournament on Saturday, call
Angie Logan at 574-876-3050 or Les Jackson 574-876-3051.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Honor Roll CHIPPEWA  Bill Flanagan rolled a 300 game.   Mens high
games-series: Mike Szymanski 255, 727; Bill Flanagan 300, 705; Jim Mahlie 262;
Jim Manuszak 268.   Mens pins over average: Mike Szymanski +127; Bill Flanagan
+135, Justin Hudnall +137; Frank Mariconi; Jim Manuszak +109; Bill Jewell +103;
Steve Taft +102; Virgil Marshall +256; Pat graf +145; John Brown Jr. +156; Bill
Gooding +111.   Womens high games-series: Mary Gill 629.   Womens pins over
average: Angela Butiste +114; Debbie Schafer +109; Kathy Taylor +113; Tracy
Bradford +132; Linda Basil +153.   PNA #83  Gary Sobieralski was the winner of
the seventh annual PNA Scratch Singles tournament, making it through the field
without a loss and eliminating John Kowalski in the finals. Next up on the PNA
tournament calendar will be a Two-Person Best Ball on Feb 24.   Mon Night Men's
Early: Gary Sobieralski- 267/753; Dave Deguc- 277/689; Brian Banks- 267/677; Jim
Rans- 267; Matt Davis- 266; Larry Singleton- 255; Mark Sobieralski- 253; Joe
Szabo- 257   Rick Wise Jr- 278/746; Randy Jesensky- 279/695; John Banicki- 686;
Bob Lehner- 264; Joe Dukarm- 259   Thursday Industrial: Bob Robakowski Jr- 717;
Shawn Brzezinski- 255,743; Joseph McLeod- 276,258/702; Scott Torzewski- 275/698;
Bob Cuevas Sr- 694; Bob Lehner- 255/686; Greg Early- 299; Kenny Talboom- 258;
Jim James- 254.   Women's high pins over average: Debbie Karczewski +132; Brenda
Durrenberger +129; Kris Dean +108   Women's high games, series: Kris Dean 663,
257, 247; Angie Pluta 617, 267; Brenda Durrenberger 606, 265; Pat Ford 248;
Debbie Karczewski 245; Tiffany Jaynes 235   High men's games, series: Joe Dukarm
255; Scott Krempec 279; Jason Newgent 693; John Kowalski 695; John Banicki 276,
714; Shaun Brzezinski 268, 761   Men's pins over average: Shaun Brzezinski +141;
Jeff Odynski +105; Jason Newgent +102; Scott Krempec +102.   STRIKES & SPARES
Mishawaka Classic League  Jim Sardi rolled a 300 game.   Men's high scores --
series: Mike Ferro 259; Vic Hoctel 256; Mike Groved 265; Rick Wise 267; Scott
Reygaert 265; Steve Fisher 298, 738; Brian Hicodemus 254; Wayne Wooten 710;
Kevin Kwiatkowski 256, 257, 744; Joe Szabo 252, 733; Jim Sardi 300, 739; John
Loucks 285, 716.   BEACON  Wednesday Ladies: Bowler of the Week: Mary Holmes +80
Top scores: Mary Holmes 205, 249, 644; Angie Pluta 233, 205, 622   Liberty
Belles and Dingers Too: Bowlers of the Week: Ron Dean +169.   Womens's high
scores: Kris Dean 232.   Friday Mixers: Bowlers of the Week: Jacob Harrel +75,
Jenny Cunningham +75.   Men's high scores: Jacob Harrel 266; Angie Logan 258.
Friday Beacon Boozers: Bowler of the Week: Diane Verleye +73.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    February 22, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Black groups give tobacco an inside line

BYLINE: Cynthia Tucker

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 01e Cynthia Tucker

LENGTH: 612 words


Just a minute. Before black members of Congress work up any more righteous
indignation over the sins of Big Tobacco, an unpleasant fact has to be
acknowledged: Many black organizations have helped tobacco companies gain
credibility with black consumers.

There is hardly a black organization of any consequence that has not accepted
the generous --- if tainted --- donations of tobacco companies. By taking those
gifts, black groups have allowed companies such as R.J. Reynolds and Philip
Morris to cast themselves as saviors of important black causes, including
college scholarships.

It's easy enough to blast Big Tobacco. The industry has indicted itself with its
own words. Internal documents reveal an industry whose god is profit, whose
executives have no conscience and whose underhanded tactics hook consumers, even
children, on its deadly, addictive product.

Documents made public this month disclose (surprise!) Big Tobacco's unseemly ---
but nevertheless successful --- courtship of African-Americans. A 1973 Brown &
Williamson document, for example, showed that 17 percent of its marketing budget
for Kools was aimed at African-Americans, who represent 11 percent of the
population.

In response, black members of Congress have vaulted into high dudgeon, demanding
that a portion of the proceeds from any tobacco settlement be set aside for
minority groups. Wooed disproportionately, blacks also die disproportionately
from smoking-related diseases, they point out. From 1950 to 1985, the incidence
of lung cancer increased 220 percent among black men, while increasing 86
percent among white men, according to Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.). Overall, the
incidence of lung cancer in black men is about 50 percent higher than in white
men.

But Conyers and his colleagues have not acknowledged their dirty little secret:
For years, donations from tobacco companies have helped fund Congressional Black
Caucus events. Dr. Louis Sullivan, head of Atlanta's Morehouse School of
Medicine and former secretary of Health and Human Services, says he tried to
persuade the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation to forgo tobacco money. "I
was unsuccessful," he notes dryly.

Though condescension toward African-Americans is evident in some of the tobacco
marketing memos (a 1981 Reynolds memo said blacks didn't respond well to
"sophisticated or subtle humor in advertising"), at least tobacco companies were
aware that some African-American consumers were sophisticated enough to require
subtlety. So, while wooing poorer blacks with crass advertisements, tobacco
executives courted upscale blacks by pouring money into their causes.

Civil rights organizations, including the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People, the National Urban League and Operation PUSH,
have accepted contributions from tobacco companies. So have black cultural
organizations, including the Dance Theater of Harlem and the Atlanta-based
National Black Arts Festival. So has the College Fund (formerly the United Negro
College Fund). Even Sullivan's school, Morehouse, took a one-time $ 10,000
donation from Philip Morris in 1989 before swearing off tobacco money.

More sophisticated than Joe Camel, more tasteful than a billboard, those
sponsorships are insidious advertisements for tobacco companies, a way of
linking Big Tobacco with civil rights and college scholarships.

Big Tobacco may be the Evil Empire of these times. But when the devil came
knocking, prominent black organizations opened the door and made a deal. Cynthia
Tucker is editor of the Constitution's editorial pages. Her column appears
Sundays and Wednesdays. E-mail: cynthia@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              640 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 23, 1998, Monday, Final Edition

Linking Affluent Blacks and Minority Asset Managers; Allison Street Advisors
Targets a Largely Untapped and Growing Market in the Investment Field

Sandra Evans, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F10

LENGTH: 1470 words



When Lenda Penn Washington talks about diversifying an investment portfolio, she
means it in two ways. There's the traditional sense of putting money into
different types of investments, but there's also the diversity of the money
managers themselves.

Washington's Allison Street Advisors, launched in September, is targeting
wealthy African American and other minority investors by promising to link them
to high-performing minority- and women-owned asset management firms.

By focusing on this niche of minorities with at least $ 200,000 to invest,
Washington sees a largely untapped market in the investment field. While a
number of mutual funds have sprung up and been marketed successfully to small
minority investors, little has been offered to those with large amounts of money
to put into individually managed accounts, she said.

"There is not a lot targeted to the high-income African American individual,"
Washington, 49, said in an interview at her eighth-floor offices near 15th and K
streets NW. "I think that's because of the overwhelming perception that there
are not enough of them out there. . . . But that's not true."

Census figures show the growth in the number of affluent blacks. Black
households with annual income of $ 100,000 or more, in constant dollars,
increased from about 255,000 in 1987 to more than 411,000 in 1997.

While income disparities between whites and blacks are often written about, many
African Americans and Hispanics have been successful at starting their own
businesses and creating wealth in recent years, Washington said. She points to
statistics showing that earned income of blacks grew by about 50 percent from
1990 to 1996 to $ 367 billion. But minority investors in the past have invested
money differently than white investors have, she added.

"I think African Americans would like to do business with other smaller or
minority-owned companies if they felt they could get the service," Washington
said. "Our experience with investments is not the same as with the majority
population. We typically have been more comfortable with real estate and
insurance and the more conservative investments."

Individuals with at least $ 200,000 to invest might include successful business
owners or high-income professionals, but Washington's group also would serve
some average working people who find themselves with a large lump sum of money
to invest because of retirement or company buyouts, Washington said. Allison
Street also hopes to appeal to municipal plans, retirement funds and
corporations with a commitment to place part of their assets with women and
minority investment managers.

Allison Street will be a go-between for these clients and a list of money
managers with different specialities, who in the past have only been available
to institutional investors or individuals with at least $ 5 million to invest.
Allison Street advisers meet with the client to discuss objectives and risk
tolerance, then place the funds with the money managers that are the best match.

The client is charged an annual fee based on the value of assets managed -- a
maximum of 2.65 percent, which applies to the smallest accounts of $ 200,000 --
but no transaction fees, Washington said.

Ken Smikle, president of Target Market News, a Chicago-based research firm that
tracks the habits of black consumers, agrees with Washington that black
investors pose "a potentially lucrative opportunity" for anyone selling
financial instruments. But he pointed out that a small firm like Washington's
will have to compete against the major investment firms with far more resources,
which are themselves getting increasingly aggressive about marketing to
well-to-do African Americans.

Still, he added, "dealing with an African American-owned firm is a priority for
many African American investors."

One of Allison Street's first clients was Stephanie Segue of Bethesda, who knew
Washington through relatives and who received a large divorce settlement this
summer.

"I knew I wouldn't want to use a major brokerage firm, because I knew they need
to push the products they create in-house," said Segue, a former commodities
analyst who now stays home to be with her three sons.

Segue, who prefers stable stocks with good dividends to higher-risk investments,
wanted to buy stocks individually rather than invest in a mutual fund. Allison
Street is getting her to money managers she feels are right for her, with a
bonus.

"As a black woman, if I'm going to spend my money, I would rather spend it with
a black woman," Segue said. "I think the job Lenda does is superior."

Washington stresses that she is not counting on clients coming to her just
because she deals with minority and women money managers.

"They are not just top black managers, they are top money managers," she said.
"No one is going to invest in an African American company simply because it's
African American."

One woman-owned firm in the seven-firm Allison Street program, New Amsterdam
Partners, was ranked by Nelson's investment research guide as No. 1 among
mid-cap growth and value equity managers, with a 10-year annual return of 19.68
percent. One of the minority-owned firms, Edgar Lomax Co. of Springfield, was
ranked No. 5 among large-cap value funds, with a five-year 23.35 percent annual
return.

Randall Eley, president and chief investment officer of Edgar Lomax, said
working with Allison Street gives his firm a new source of potential business
without the administrative headaches of small individual accounts. Allison
Street meets with the clients, establishes their investment strategy and does
all the reporting, making it economically feasible for Edgar Lomax to manage
portfolios this size. While Edgar Lomax has a mutual fund available to small
investors, clients who come to the firm directly for individual portfolio
management must have at least $ 5 million to invest.

"There is a potential market there that has been untapped," said Eley, but he
believes it includes all individuals with $ 100,000 to $ 5 million to invest,
not just minorities. "There is a gaping hole of opportunity for anyone willing
to serve that market," he said.

Allison Street Advisors is a joint venture of GRW Capital Corp., a full-service
broker-dealer owned almost entirely by Washington, and Brinker Capital, a
Radnor, Pa., investment consulting firm owned by Charles Widger, who is white.

The name Allison Street came from a simple source: the street in Northwest
Washington where Lenda Penn Washington lives. "It sounds American. I didn't want
it to be totally ethnic," she said.

Washington herself fell into financial advising, primarily because she wanted to
learn how to invest her own money. With a bachelor's degree in communications
from Howard University, she started out in Washington writing copy for a radio
station and later sold advertising time for different TV stations. Then, about
15 years ago, she found herself with a lump sum of money from selling her New
York co-op and decided to find out how to invest it by going through a training
program for brokers at PaineWebber Inc.

Much to her surprise, Washington found that being a broker was something she
enjoyed. She stayed with PaineWebber for three years, then decided to learn more
about the brokerage business at Johnston, Lemon & Co., a smaller firm, and then
Ferris, Baker Watts Inc. But she decided what she really wanted to do was open a
brokerage firm that she could run her own way, with more personalized service
and dealing with firms that might not get the attention of the large brokerages.
GRW, which she started five years ago, was the result. It now has seven
employees.

"We can bring more personalized service than a large [investment] house or the
large national bank. When people are putting a lot of money with people, they
want to talk," she said.

"I don't think we will even have voice mail here no matter how big we get," said
Washington, raising one of her pet peeves -- having to wade through a series of
automated phone directions when calling large firms. "We have a person who
answers the phone."


A LOOK AT . . . Allison Street Advisors

Founder: Lenda Penn Washington

Founded: September 1998

Business strategy: Targeting wealthy African Americans with more than $ 200,000
to invest by matching them up with leading minority investment managers who
previously have only offered investment advice to institutional investors.

Number of firms: Seven, including New Amsterdam Partners and Edgar Lomax of
Springfield.

Assets under management: $ 500,000

High-income blacks haven't been targeted as individual investors because of a
mistaken notion that there aren't many of them, says Lenda Penn Washington of
Allison Street Advisors.



NAME: LENDA PENN WASHINGTON

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart, TWP; Photo, TIM SLOAN FOR TWP

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              641 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 16, 2002 Monday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Hot Ticket in Washington: H. Carl McCall

BYLINE:   By SHAILA K. DEWAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 887 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Sept. 15


H. Carl McCall's campaign staff did not encourage reporters to come along on the
candidate's trip here this weekend, his first since winning the Democratic
nomination for governor of New York.

News reports of Mr. McCall's acceptance of an award at the annual Congressional
Black Caucus dinner Saturday night might have once again pinned on him the very
label he has tried, with mixed success, to avoid: that of prominent black
candidate.

But just as the weekend gave black leaders from around the country the chance to
rally for Mr. McCall, it also showed the keen attention that national Democrats
are paying to his race against New York's incumbent Republican governor, George
E. Pataki, and the extent to which Mr. McCall has risen to the level of serious
contender.

He was lauded by former Vice President Al Gore. He dined with Senator Joseph I.
Lieberman of Connecticut. The House minority leader, Richard A. Gephardt, spent
at least 15 minutes at a private fund-raiser for Mr. McCall. And Terry
McAuliffe, chairman of the Democratic National Committee and dispenser of party
funds, revealed that he had promised the McCall campaign half a million dollars,
money badly needed by Mr. McCall, who has raised about $2.5 million to Mr.
Pataki's $23.3 million, according to the latest filings.

This shower of attention is not unexpected. Along with Florida, California and
Texas, New York -- where registered Democrats outnumber Republicans by almost
five to three -- is an important state for Democrats looking to the 2004
elections. And with Andrew M. Cuomo's withdrawing from the primary a week before
the election, Mr. McCall has proven to be a viable candidate.

"He's totally changed all the assumptions about this election," said Sharon
Pratt, the former mayor of Washington, at the private reception for Mr. McCall
sponsored by, among others, Alexis M. Herman, the former labor secretary; Rodney
Slater, the former transportation secretary; and R. Donahue Peebles, the black
entrepreneur who recently opened the luxurious Royal Palm hotel in Miami Beach.
About 40 people paid $500 each to attend.

Mr. Peebles said that both the former mayor of Dallas, Ron Kirk, who is running
for United States senator in Texas, and Mr. McCall are at the forefront of "the
evolution of African-American political candidates" who do not carry a
civil-rights era dogmatism that, he said, has little place in government.

"I think that Carl and Ron represent the future of African-American candidates
who are looking at the issues," he said, "and who are not activist but are
candidates who are going to govern and lead."

The fact that Mr. McCall is a black candidate with broad enough appeal to have
won one statewide office, comptroller, is clearly part of his allure for
Democratic leaders and blacks alike, and both are determined to raise Mr.
McCall's profile.

He began Saturday morning with a photo shoot for the cover of a national black
magazine that did not wish to be named. A few minutes after 11 a.m., he was
featured in the weekly national Democratic radio address, an honor bestowed on
him by Mr. McAuliffe.

Reporters had been barred from the private fund-raiser, but when Mr. McCall
arrived he ushered them in, steering them proudly toward visiting officials and
wealthy executives.

Like Hillary Rodham Clinton did in her successful Senate campaign, Mr. McCall
will rely on many non-New Yorkers to raise money for him. But Mrs. Clinton's
opponent had also attracted out-of-state money from those who did not want to
see her elected, and Mr. McCall, several Democrats said, will not. "There is no
one who doesn't like Carl McCall," Mr. McAuliffe said.

At the Congressional Black Caucus dinner, a lengthy event that took up the main
floor of the city's convention center, Mr. McCall and his wife, Dr. Joyce Brown,
the president of the Fashion Institute of Technology in Manhattan, were seated
front and center at the table of Representative Charles B. Rangel of Manhattan.
With the opening chords of the national anthem, Mr. McCall found himself in the
midst of a political mosh pit as photographers fought for pictures of Mr. Gore
and other Democratic celebrities.

"He's a rock star at this gathering," Mr. Gore said of Mr. McCall, just as the
actress Vivica Fox, a blast of glamour in a slim white suit, came up to say good
night.

Yet despite his newfound stature, Mr. McCall, at 66, is an unlikely rock star.
As the evening wore on, he slumped in his seat, and did not stand when Donna
Brazile, who ran Mr. Gore's presidential campaign, won an ovation. And when Mr.
Gore, in an attempt at a pep talk, asked the vast audience: "How many people
here who would like to see Carl McCall become governor of New York have hosted a
fund-raiser for Carl McCall?" only a smattering of hands went up.

"This was an endurance test," the candidate said when the event was finally
over. But he gamely headed across the street to the restaurant Ortanique for an
after-party reception given by Robert L. Johnson, the chief executive of Black
Entertainment Television. "See," Mr. McCall said to a reporter tagging along,
"you owe me. I got you into the best party in town."

As he walked in, a well-dressed black couple stopped to introduce themselves.
"I've given money to you," the man told Mr. McCall, "and I'm going to give you
some more."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 17, 2002



CORRECTION: Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about support
among Washington Democrats for H. Carl McCall's campaign against Gov. George E.
Pataki misstated the amounts the two candidates reported having raised in their
latest filings. Mr. Pataki's figure was $35.5 million, not $23.3 million. Mr.
McCall's was $9.8 million, not $2.5 million. The smaller amounts were what the
campaigns reported having available to spend.

GRAPHIC: Photo: Richard A. Gephardt, left, the House minority leader, dropped in
at a fund-raiser in Washington over the weekend for H. Carl McCall. (Linda
Spillers for The New York Times)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              642 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 4, 2001 Monday, Home Edition

READER RESPONSES

BYLINE: ROB AUGUSTINE, JEFF JOSEPH, LYNDA IDLEMAN, MARK SMITH, RICHARD KEHAN,
DAN SASSER, MARIA WILSON, STEPHEN RATHKOPF, DEE TURNER, SANDRA WOOD, PATRICIA
SHANNON, DAN LAWRIE

SOURCE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 1492 words


Atlanta can learn from San Diego

Regarding a recent article on San Diego: I think the key to San Diego's approach
to congestion and sprawl is that its leaders really do have a focus on what
needs to occur ("San Diego's choices clear, but who makes decisions isn't,"
Horizon, May 28). Everyone agreed upon the need to unlink growth from sprawl.
They intend to grow and use less land by planning wisely on land use, transit
and infrastructure. It is clear San Diego encourages higher density development,
and with its regionwide half-cent sales tax, it has $180 million-plus per year
in local funds to use with state and federal funds for improving transportation
in the region and to expand its capable light rail system, the Red Trolley, as
well as its commuter rail system.

We in Atlanta remain well behind in efforts to develop appropriate regional
land-use policies and to fund and implement a regionwide transit system. I'd say
we have a lot of work to do, and time is not on our side. ROB AUGUSTINE, Atlanta


Blacks underrepresented on Florida's felons' list

Political leaders in the African-American community are upset because a
disproportionate number of Florida blacks were disenfranchised when 44 percent
of the felons purged were black, while only 11 percent of the voters in the
state are black ("Florida's flawed vote haunts minorities," News, May 28).

If 49 percent of convicted felons in Florida are black, then statistically 49
percent of the felons purged from the voting rolls should have been black.
Instead, it was 44 percent, an underrepresentation of blacks on the felons'
list. Comparing this percentage to the percentage of registered black Florida
voters is incorrect. LYNDA IDLEMAN and MARK SMITH, Atlanta

Alternative ideas for solving energy crisis

Letter-writers recently have stated that nobody has suggested options for how
President Bush should handle the nation's energy policy. Here are a few that at
least consider something other than adding power plants and drilling on precious
real estate:

Legislate increasing improvements in miles per gallon for new SUVs/trucks.
Manufacturers did it for cars; SUV numbers can be raised, too.

Use the president's pulpit to remind Americans that though they are 1/20th of
the world's population, they use one-fourth of the globe's energy; and that
shutting off some lights, turning down the air conditioning or driving a more
efficient vehicle doesn't necessarily mean a lower standard of living.

Provide tax incentives for businesses reducing total power usage (most could
accomplish this by simple reductions in off-hour lighting, AC and heating).

Provide larger tax incentives for alternative-fuel vehicles, private solar power
systems and efficiency improvements in current oil, gas and coal power plants.
JEFF JOSEPH, Smyrna

Tax cuts don't mean a return to deficits

Regarding a recent column suggesting that tax cuts are a fraud ("Tax-cut
supporters perpetrate a fraud," Viewpoints, May 30): Tax cuts are most certainly
not a sham. In order to understand this, you must first understand that the
federal government has no money of its own. It lives off of our money. Now, the
bloated bureaucracy that has grown out of control for 225 years has too much of
our money.

Returning the money to us is just, fair and decent. As for concerns about a
potential future deficit caused by this tax cut, let me propose a novel idea:
Cut spending until there is no deficit. Is this an alien idea? I think not. Is
it not reasonable to assume that if one does not have money, one does not spend
money? DAN LAWRIE, Marietta

Why export oil if we need it in this nation?

I am a retired captain in the Merchant Marine. I went to sea for 43 years with a
Philadelphia-based tanker company.

In that time, the company I worked for had ships carrying crude oil from the
North Slope to the lower 48, and eventually to Japan, Korea and China. It is no
longer carrying the crude to the Far East, but there are still other ships doing
so.

I find it very strange that in all the discussions of the need for our
developing new supplies of oil, no one in the government has mentioned that we
can continue to ship our domestic supplies to foreign countries.

We are postured as being dependent on foreign oil, but at the same time we are
shipping our oil abroad. STEPHEN RATHKOPF, Cumming

Drive economical cars, invest in quality of life

Instructional and audio-books tapes, public radio, cellphones and snacks (some
of us should go easy on this last one) are intelligent ideas to help make long
commutes more bearable. They can be enjoyed in a small car with comfortable
seats or an SUV, the mobile living room, which depletes our finite fuel supplies
and one's finite personal finances.

Despite these measures, most people I talk to dread commuting. Hours traveling
at breakneck speed with the necessary lane changes, sometimes across five or six
lanes, or wasted in traffic jams, are just plain stressful, no matter how you
spin it.

And think of the other things one could be doing: spending time with loved ones,
taking long, quiet walks, cooking one of those good meals in your Thursday
feature, practicing yoga, growing beautiful perennials, writing letters to the
editor, etc.

If people drove more economical cars, they would have more money to put toward
their real interests. And they would have less stressful, more fulfilling lives
if they spent less time in their cars. MARIA WILSON, Marietta

MILK VS. GAS: Raising a cow requires more than drilling does

A recent letter left out one crucial factor in a comparison of gas and milk
prices ("It doesn't make sense for milk to cost more than gas," June 1). When
drillers go for oil, they either find it or they don't. When they find it, they
don't have to put it there.

The milk production process is far different. Cows aren't just lying beneath the
ground, waiting to be found. Instead, one has to raise a calf to maturity, then
feed and care for the cow, so one can "always know where they can find it." If
oil producers had to prepare the strata, pile vegetation up, cover it, compress
it and wait millions of years for the oil to mature, I expect it would cost far
more than $1.50/gallon.

RICHARD KENAN, Dunwoody

Our spending priorities appear out of order

An even more interesting comparison is the cost of gasoline and soda. We gladly
fork over $1 for a 2-liter bottle of carbonated, sweetened, flavored water that
was produced near our home. The water was nearly free, and the production is
negligible compared to oil production. And of course it's made all over the
country, so there's minimal shipping costs.

If we go for the fountain or movie version, it must be over $10 per gallon.
Given all that, it seems amazing to me that we can get oil produced halfway
around the world for $1.50 per gallon, especially when one considers the
drilling, refining, shipping costs, etc. Do we have our priorities in order? DAN
SASSER, Atlanta

Bush daughters are fair game for media

Although Ari Fleisher has issued warnings to reporters to not write about the
Bush daughters, the girls keep making the news ("Twins' police trouble
'private,' White House says," News, June 1). I am so grateful that Mike
Luckovich has not been frightened. His "99 bottles of beer" cartoon was
hilarious . . . sad, but funny.

Of course right-wingers will inundate him and the Constitution for printing
this, but I'm thankful that he has the guts to do it. It was OK to make fun of
Chelsea Clinton's looks and Amy Carter's reading books at White House affairs,
but reporting on the Bush girls can't be tolerated. Give me a break. DEE TURNER,
Atlanta

HOUSE OF PRAYER: Case has been saving children, not race

The recent editorial about the overall safety of the House of Prayer children
was terrific ("House of Prayer's parents gave DFCS little alternative," May 30).

Thank you for clearly presenting a side other than the Rev. Arthur Allen's and
noting that this is not a racial issue. It is a humane issue about children that
knows no color.

It has been discouraging to see so much of the media and several legislators
play into the hands of Allen. SANDRA WOOD Wood is executive director of the
Georgia Council on Child Abuse.

Corporal punishment rendering poor results

The members of the House of Prayer are warped.

Most people who tell me "My parents beat me with a switch until I had welts, and
I turned out fine" have obnoxious personalities and are disliked by other
people. Some African-Americans have defended the church saying that it is the
way of African-Americans to treat their children harshly. From my observations,
I agree.

So what are the wonderful results? A high rate of school dropouts, a high rate
of illiteracy, a high rate of teenage pregnancy and a high crime rate. PATRICIA
SHANNON, Norcross

LOAD-DATE: June 04, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic:
Editorial cartoon by Mike Luckovich regarding the arrests of President Bush's
twin daughters on alcohol charges. Graphic:
Illustration of a black man in handcuffs / ArtToday

TYPE: Letters

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              643 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Times-News (Burlington, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 21, 2007 Saturday

Bordsen: Black donation 'legitimately given'

BYLINE: Mike Wilder, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 357 words


Jul. 21--Rep. Alice Bordsen on Friday rejected a suggestion that she donate to
charity money her campaign received from former N.C. House Speaker Jim Black.

In a written statement on Wednesday, the N.C. Republican Party called on Bordsen
to give to charity $4,000 her campaign received in February 2005.

Black was sentenced this month to more than five years in prison on a felony
corruption charge.

The Mebane resident was one of nine Democratic state legislators the opposing
party mentioned in its statement.

She represents part of Alamance County; Rep. Cary Allred, a Republican,
represents the rest of the county. Bordsen's district includes parts of
Burlington, Graham, Haw River, Green Level and Mebane.

Bordsen said she doesn't have the money and sees no problem with her campaign
having spent it.

"That money was legitimately given," she said. "He was the Speaker of the House,
and the head of my party." The Republican Party's statement said Black "was not
committed to a fair election process. ... Without having any way of knowing
whether contributions from Jim Black's campaign came from illegal sources,
legislators who accepted donations from that account should not keep the money."
Bordsen said the GOP news release was an attempt to score political points.
"They're just getting ready to campaign," she said.

She added Black and other top Democrats did not support her in the party's
primary in 2002, the year she was elected to the House.

"They didn't know me, and they didn't think I could win," she said.

Bordsen said she's planning to run for re-election next year, but hasn't yet
given the campaign much thought. She said she's been busy with legislative
issues, particularly appropriations and juvenile justice.

To see more of the Times-News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimesnews.com. Copyright (c) 2007, Times-News, Burlington, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070721-BT-Bordsen-Black-donation-legitimately-given-0721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BT


                           Copyright 2007 Times-News


                              644 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 24, 1994, Saturday

ATLANTA FOOTBALL CLASSIC Money, fanfare make Classics Games mean cash, 'bowl'
atmosphere for black colleges

BYLINE: By Earnest Reese STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Section D; Page 1

LENGTH: 373 words


Grambling coach Eddie Robinson will tell you straight out why games such as
today's Atlanta Classic VI between Tennessee State and South Carolina State are
so important to programs at historically black schools.

"Any time you can play in one of these [games] and take home $ 150,000 or so,
you're coming out ahead," Robinson said. "We can't make that kind of money at
home."

Robinson also knows why such games draw huge crowds, sometimes in spite of the
dismal records of the teams.

"We can't play in anything like the Rose Bowl either, so we had to come up with
our own bowl - the Bayou Classic," Robinson said. "Bands, pageantry, the whole
works."

The Bayou Classic annually matches Grambling and state rival Southern before
crowds of 65,000 or more at the SuperDome in New Orleans. The night before the
Bayou, both schools' bands attract 40,000 for their annual battle.

"They're like our homecoming away from home," said Texas Southern coach Bill
Davis, whose struggling Tigers two weeks ago played Jackson State before a crowd
of 50,047 at the fifth annual Southern Classic in Memphis.

"They give our fans a chance to meet old friends in other cities and have fun -
sort of like a game in a bowl-type atmosphere," Davis said.

South Carolina State coach Willie Jeffries, whose team is making its third
straight appearance in the Atlanta Classic, said, "The exposure we get by
playing in these kinds of classics is a marketing plus. It helps you recruit
athletes and regular students."

Clark Atlanta coach Willie Hunter said a number of high school students in
Augusta learned of the AU Center school when it played there last year in the
Central Savannah River Area Classic.

"A lot of those kids had never heard of us before we played there," Hunter said,
"but quite a few of them decided to come to Clark as a result of that game."

The Gramblings, Tennessee States and South Carolina States of I-AA football are
not the only teams capable of drawing sizable crowds for classics. Division II
and SIAC opponents Morris Brown and Tuskegee drew 28,500 last week in
Louisville's annual River City Classic. Alabama A&M, also from the SIAC, comes
close to doubling that figure each year for its game against Alabama State.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942680065

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              645 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     April 10, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

USA Today's birth has some lessons for Southam: The 'McPaper' has survived its
expensive beginning, and is profitable today. What were USA Today's mistakes,
and how can Conrad Black avoid them?Juliet O'Neill reports.

BYLINE: JULIET O'NEILL; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F3


It was kissed off as an expensive and egotistical joke, branded "McPaper," the
newspaper for junk-food journalism. One of its own editors sniggered that it had
brought "new depth to the meaning of the word shallow."

Fifteen years later, USA Today eclipses the Wall Street Journal as the No. 1
national newspaper in America when measured by readership. It is plump with
profits, well regarded by advertisers and, now that it is producing some quality
journalism, commands the respect of previously snickering critics and
once-snobby peers.

It took a money-losing decade, however, to get that way. As Canada's Conrad
Black prepares to launch the first new national newspaper in North America since
"McPaper" hit the stands in 1982, USA Today president and publisher Tom Curley
has this warning: "It is daunting and expensive."

However, he said there are economic trends, such as consolidation in the retail,
hotel and financial-services industries, "that bode well for national marketing
and national distribution systems and therefore national newspapers."

He said Mr. Black's initial success will depend on the Southam Inc. newspaper
chain's distribution system, just as USA Today relied on the unrivalled printing
and distribution channels of the Gannett Co.'s newspaper chain, the largest in
the United States.

"The economy in the United States is idyllic and we are enjoying the fruits of
that, but it took us 11 years to get to profitability, and ultimately we had to
break two million in circulation (to convince advertisers it was truly a
national outlet)," Mr. Curley said in a telephone interview yesterday.

It took USA Today more than $ 1 billion U.S. in losses before it turned a profit
-- the first was a modest $ 5 million in 1993 -- for Gannett. The newspaper
never folded, despite the financial hemorrhaging, because of the dogged
persistence of Al Neuharth, Mr. Curley's predecessor. Mr. Neuharth, retired and
living in Florida, is described as a "monomaniac" who badly wanted to be welcome
at the table with admired American newspaper barons such as Katharine Graham of
the Washington Post and the Sulzbergers of the New York Times.

That colourful description of Mr. Neuharth comes from John Hartman, a journalism
economics professor at Central Michigan University, who has chronicled the life
and times of USA Today and sees some neat parallels in the daring launch of Mr.
Black's yet-to-be-named national newspaper this fall.

When months of suspense over the launch was formally ended this week by Southam
president Donald Babick in Vancouver, he replied to a reporter's comparison
question by saying, "I probably wouldn't put USA Today on the spectrum at all,
to be honest."

The content of Mr. Black's paper is certain to contain much more than bright
pictures and laughable McNuggets of information. It is unlikely to copy what Mr.
Neuharth used to call "the journalism of hope" that was spoofed by Homer Simpson
when he said USA Today is the only newspaper to tell the truth -- "that
everything is just fine."

Still, a comparison is irresistible because Mr. Black's paper will be the first
national newspaper created from scratch in North America since USA Today hit the
stands in Washington on Sept. 15, 1982. That day was the beginning of a gradual
18-month launch in cities around the U.S., each accompanied by the hoopla of a
big promotion party complete with souvenirs and free drinks.

Bleeding Other Properties

"Call me; I can save you a lot of money," Mr. Hartman said with a long laugh
during an interview when asked what Mr. Black should brace for. "Their mistake
was not having enough money. Gannett literally bled its other properties to
subsidize USA Today -- not just the newspapers, but its TV and radio stations,
too.

"They were forced to raise their single-copy prices, their advertising rates,
often forced to use their distribution personnel, subsidized by the local
newspaper. It created a great deal of resentment, especially among employees at
the newspapers."

Mr. Curley, who's been at USA Today since Day 1, begged to differ. The constant
losses certainly put pressure on Gannett's other holdings, as capital had to be
moved around to cover costs.

But he calls Mr. Hartman's dramatic blood-on-the-floor version of the impact on
Gannett's other papers a "ridiculous overstatement."

On a Canadian scale, given the country's population, Mr. Hartman notes a few
rough parallels. Mr. Black is willing to invest between $ 100 million and $ 130
million for five to seven years to break even; USA Today spent about 10 times
that much in as many years.

The circulation target in Canada is 200,000; USA Today needed 10 times that to
get advertisers on board. Both papers have the resources of a big newspaper
chain behind them. While USA Today was fuelled in part by New York Times envy,
Mr. Black's paper is partly a product of Globe and Mail envy.

Finally, USA Today and the new Canadian paper will both have had determined,
ambitious men at the helm. "Quill magazine called it Al Neuharth's technicolour
baby," said Mr. Hartman. "He had started a sports newspaper 40 years earlier in
South Dakota and it went bankrupt and he lost a lot of people money. He was
driven. USA Today was going to succeed."

USA Today poohbahs still smart sometimes from the paper's early reputation as an
embarrassingly silly newspaper that buried hard news and became a satirist's
dream. It's a reputation that refuses to die altogether, but Mr. Hartman says
the truth is the paper started to get a little more serious by the mid-1980s and
truly serious, though never stodgy, "the minute" Mr. Neuharth retired in 1989.
"Who says information has to be boring?" he asked. "What's the matter with
pizazz?"

USA Today now contains longer stories, has established an enterprise reporting
group, is opening foreign bureaus and has been on a hiring binge for experienced
journalists. Asked what USA Today did well from the beginning, the kinds of tips
that might serve well in Canada, Mr. Curley said late-breaking sports scores
"are an absolute necessity."

"Late news, late scores, the graphics and the concise writing," he said. The
overall secret to success is leadership and commitment.

"It takes a long time to be successful. You're asking people to change how they
live, putting something new into their day."



LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1998

LENGTH: 1064 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              646 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 10, 2016 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The color of money in the NCAA

BYLINE: Donald H. Yee

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 2006 words


NFL agent                               says college sports exploits unpaid
black players while white administrators get rich

On Monday night,  college football will crown a new champion. In the process, a
lot of money will be made.

No matter who wins, the University of Alabama's Southeastern Conference and
Clemson University's Atlantic Coast Conference will be paid $6 million each. So
will the conferences of the schools those teams beat to make it to the final.
The organization that runs the playoff, a Delaware-headquartered corporation
that's separate from the NCAA, takes in about $470 million each year from ESPN.
Clemson coach Dabo Swinney made $3.3 million last year and, as The Washington
Post recently reported, his chief of staff makes $252,000; Alabama's Nick Saban,
the highest-paid coach in college football, made slightly more than $7 million,
and the team's strength and conditioning coach makes $600,000.

Some of the players are future NFL stars who will probably be rich one day, too:
Alabama is led by Heisman Trophy-winning running back Derrick Henry, who set a
SEC record for rushing yards and rushing touchdowns in a season. Clemson
features gifted quarterback Deshaun Watson, also a Heisman finalist, and running
back sensation Wayne Gallman.

The NCAA, though, insists that all of its players are student-athletes motivated
only by love of the game and of their alma maters. So on Monday, they'll be
working for free. Most fans of college football and basketball go along with the
pretense, looking past the fact that the NCAA makes nearly $1 billion a year
from unpaid labor.

But after a year when Black Lives Matter protests spread across the country, and
at the end of a season when the football team at the University of Missouri
helped force the resignation of the school's top two administrators over how the
campus handled race-related incidents, we need to stop ignoring the racial
implications of the NCAA's hypocrisy.

After all, who is actually earning the billions of dollars flooding
universities, athletic conferences, TV networks and their sponsors? To a large
extent, it's young black men, who are heavily overrepresented in football and
men's basketball, the two sports that bring in virtually all the revenue in
college athletics. A 2013 study by the University of Pennsylvania's Center for
the Study of Race and Equity in Education found that 57 percent of the football
players and 64 percent of the men's basketball players in the six biggest
conferences were black; at the same schools, black men made up less than 3
percent of the overall student population. (In recent NFL drafts, five times as
many black players were taken in the first two rounds, where the perceived best
players are picked, as white players.) Athletics administrators and coaches,
meanwhile, are overwhelmingly white.

So by refusing to pay athletes, the NCAA isn't just perpetuating a financial
injustice. It's also committing a racial one.

The bargain the NCAA makes with football and basketball players is fairly
simple: You play games, entertain fans and make us money, and we'll give you the
scholarship, experience, training and exposure you need to make it to the pros.

For decades, a lot of that money has been earned by black athletes. College
basketball was transformed in 1966 when Don Haskins's all-black team from Texas
Western College (now the University of Texas at El Paso) defeated Adolph Rupp's
all-white University of Kentucky squad in the NCAA championship game. It was a
momentous achievement, widely credited for helping desegregate college
basketball, particularly in the South.

Similarly, a 1970 game between the University of Southern California and Alabama
changed college football, after USC's all-black backfield, led by future NFL
star Sam "Bam" Cunningham, defeated Bear Bryant's all-white Alabama team in
Birmingham. The victory essentially forced Alabama to integrate its football
program if it wanted to compete at a high level.

It's hard to imagine that football and basketball would be as wildly popular as
they are now if they had never integrated. Or, for that matter, as lucrative.
The amount of money generated by football and basketball in the "Power Five"
conferences (the Pac-12, SEC, ACC, Big Ten and Big 12) has exploded in the past
half-dozen years. The College Football Playoff will generate more than $7
billion from ESPN over a 12-year contract. Basketball's March Madness will bring
in nearly $11 billion from CBS Sports and Turner Broadcasting over a 14-year TV
and Web deal. Merchandising and licensing revenue reportedly exceeds $4 billion
a year.

There's so much money up for grabs that individual schools and conferences have
created their own sports TV channels. Fans can watch the Pac-12 Network, the Big
Ten Network - even the Longhorn Network, devoted to the University of Texas
(which is reportedly guaranteed an average of $15 million per year from ESPN,
even as the cable-sports behemoth loses money on the enterprise). And there's
millions more from ticket sales and stadium and facility naming rights.

This enormous flow of cash is carefully kept away from football and basketball
players, but coaches, administrators and other staff members get to bathe in it,
even though many big-time athletic departments still lose money overall. Larry
Scott, commissioner of the Pac-12 Conference, reportedly makes more than $3.5
million per year. Mark Emmert, the NCAA president, makes more than $1 million.
According to USA Today, nine athletic directors make more than $1 million each,
and nearly 50 make more than $500,000. Football and basketball coaches too
numerous to count make well into seven figures - including many still getting
paid millions after they've been fired. Even bowl-game directors can make nearly
$1 million , for administering a single game. These are figures for those at the
top of the pyramid: Many schools pay assistant coaches hundreds of thousands of
dollars; Louisiana State University's football team just hired a defensive
coordinator for $1.3 million a year.

And for the most part, the people getting paid are white. Since 1951, when its
first top executive was appointed, the head of the NCAA always has been a white
man. Of the Power Five conferences, none - dating back to the 1920s - has ever
had a nonwhite commissioner. A 2015 study by the University of Central Florida's
Institute for Diversity and Ethics in Sport found that 86.7 percent of all
athletic directors in the NCAA were white.

The demographics of head football and basketball coaches are similar. At the
start of this college football season, 87.5 percent of head football coaches in
the Football Bowl Subdivision were white. In the 2013-14 season, 76 percent of
head basketball coaches in Division I were white.

The money generated by football and men's basketball also goes to subsidize
"non-revenue" sports such as soccer, equestrian, field hockey, rowing, swimming,
gymnastics and golf. Virtually all of those programs lose money, and most of the
men and women playing those sports are white. But at least the subsidies are
allowing other athletes to compete at a high level, not funding lavish salaries
for executives.

Why is this business model - unpaid labor, mostly by black athletes, generating
riches for white administrators - still tolerated?

Because most football and basketball players haven't acted on the economic power
they possess - and no one in the NCAA universe is eager to change that, either.

Instead, the NCAA's member schools are moving to distract them. The Post
recently reported that Clemson's new football facility will have a
miniature-golf course, a sand volleyball pit and laser tag, as well as a barber
shop, a movie theater and bowling lanes. The University of Oregon had so much
money to spend on its football facility that it resorted to sourcing exotic
building materials from all over the world.

In some cases, officials have made small concessions to avoid bigger ones. When
football players at Northwestern tried to unionize in March 2014, alarm bells
went off in athletic directors' offices nationwide. Suddenly, that June, USC
committed to giving football players guaranteed four-year scholarships. Before
then, scholarships were a year-to-year proposition, renewable at the discretion
of the head coach. Some other schools quickly followed suit, lest they be put at
a competitive disadvantage.

When University of Connecticut basketball player Shabazz Napier complained in
April 2014 of often going to bed hungry, the NCAA passed emergency legislation
allowing for expanded year-round meals for athletes.

The NCAA could have made these changes at any time - it didn't have to wait for
players to complain. Only when the free labor threatened to take action did the
NCAA respond.

Action is still needed, though. For talented football and basketball players,
the NCAA's bargain is increasingly a bad deal: They are making enormous sums of
money for everyone but themselves.

Yes, the scholarships received by football and basketball players provide an
economic benefit. But they come with onerous restrictions and no promise of an
education. The 2013 Penn study found that black male student athletes graduated
at lower rates than other black men at 72 percent of institutions with big-time
football and basketball programs - and lower than other undergraduates overall
at 97 percent of them.

At many schools, football and basketball players are forced into contrived
majors in which they have no interest. Take a look at the football and
basketball rosters of most Power Five schools, and you'll find two or three
majors that seem unusually popular among athletes - often interdisciplinary
programs that make it easier for academic advisers to pick classes for athletes
that fit the team's schedule. Players are also often dissuaded from taking
classes they'd prefer. One of my former clients, a fine student, once expressed
interest in a class that happened to conflict - in an insignificant way - with a
football matter. He was strongly discouraged from taking the class; since
coaches control playing time and scholarships, he didn't want to risk angering
them, so he didn't enroll in it. If athletes want to transfer, NCAA rules often
punish them by prohibiting their participation in their chosen sport for one
year.

The few players who go on to NFL or NBA careers give up years of potential
earnings to play for free in college, risking injury in the process. Most
athletes, of course, don't make it to the pros.

No other large-scale commercial enterprise in the United States treats its
performers and labor this way.

Change, however, could come rapidly and fairly easily. If even a small group of
players took a stand and refused to participate - imagine if they boycotted or
delayed the start of Monday night's championship game - administrators would
have to back down. There's too much money on the line, and no one could force
the teams to play against their will. The schools and the NCAA would simply have
to renegotiate the bargain with football and basketball players.

Paying players would cost money, of course, but with billions in TV revenue
coming in, it shouldn't be impossible to find a way to spend some of it on labor
instead of on exotic woods for new training facilities. Fans would get over the
end of the NCAA's "amateur" status, just as they have accepted pro basketball,
hockey and soccer players competing in the Olympics.

Former University of California and NFL linebacker Scott Fujita (whom I
represent) recently told me: "The current model will only be 'broken' for as
long as the athletes themselves allow it to remain that way. There's no
governing body that's going to fix it. It must be the players. And as more
players realize the power they can wield, and once they can organize around the
common purpose of the change they seek, that's when things will begin to shift."

It's time for those supremely talented young football and basketball players to
help themselves to a better future.

outlook@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                KDAF-TV, Dallas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 22, 2011 Tuesday

Black Friday shoppers turn to mobile apps for flyers, bargains, price-matching

BYLINE: Dawn Tongish, KDAF-TV, Dallas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 238 words


Nov. 22--DALLAS, Tx -- Money is tight for Tyler Rogers, who is shopping for a
new laptop. The college student was surprised to find that he could save more
than $200 shopping online for the computer, rather than buying it in a bricks
and mortar store. He found the deal by using the free price-matching app
ShopSavvy.

"It sounds really great to save money when you are a poor college student."

Consumer experts anticipate that more than ever Black Friday shoppers will be
using their mobile phones to shop smart and save money by using the latest
applications to clue into savings and deals well before hitting the stores.

"I think that having an app like ShopSavvy can make a big difference," the
co-creator of the free app, Alexander Muse, said.

Muse says the ShopSavvy app has been downloaded 20 million times since it was
introduced nearly four years ago. He believes that these kinds of quick
comparison applications have changed the face of Black Friday shopping, giving
shoppers the upper hand and forcing retailers to match prices.

"Most of the retailers now have price matching policies and many of the
retailers will even match online."

Muse says this year ShopSavvy rolled out upgrades to the app this year offering
instant pay from any mobile phone with most big retailers.

"That means no standing in long lines."

___ (c)2011 KDAF-TV (Dallas) Visit KDAF-TV (Dallas) at www.the33tv.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111122-5DA-Black
-Friday-shoppers-turn-to-mobile-apps-for-flyers-bargains-price-matching-1122-201
11122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5DA


                                 Copyright 2011


                              648 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     June 26, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

Michael Lomax easing into his collegiate role

BYLINE: Colin Campbell

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 01B Colin Campbell

LENGTH: 543 words


Among the academics and philanthropists seen roaming the seminars at this week's
conference of historically black colleges and universities was Michael Lomax,
who'll be leaving for New Orleans next week to assume the presidency of Dillard
University.

I caught up with him in between a seminar and a sit-down lunch, whose speakers
included representatives not just of the W.K. Kellogg Foundation (which
sponsored the conference to highlight the results of $ 30 million it awarded to
10 black colleges to make good programs better) but also of Ford and Mott and
other moneybags.

The program advertised lunch as "Networking Time," and no doubt the
administrators from black colleges all over the country, who'd been flown in by
Kellogg, had plenty to talk about. But, as Lomax told me, a lot of people there,
including him, were also curious about how their colleges could get some of that
foundation money.

"Money is the mother's milk of politics," said the former Fulton County
Commission chairman and unsuccessful candidate for mayor of Atlanta, "and money
is the mother's milk of college presidents."

Lomax, in short, was getting into the swing of his new career.

As always, he is full of ideas and very articulate, and I realized again what a
pity it is for Atlanta to lose him.

Back in 1964, when young Lomax and his family moved here from California, he
became one of only two Californians at Morehouse College -- -and there was only
one Californian at Spelman. Thirty-three years later, both colleges are crowded
with students from California.

True, Lomax said, the percentage of black college students who attend
historically black schools (public as well as private) has declined from a
majority to 20 percent. But that 20 percent has been supporting some
increasingly independent institutions.

"No one can make them disappear," he said. "Spelman has a $ 140 million
endowment." Lomax hopes to help raise Dillard's endowment from $ 45 million to $
100 million while channeling $ 50 million more into improving the physical
campus.

So he feels happy to be part of a growing, needed "business." Higher education
has helped his family prosper (for generations) and he feels certain it can help
many others. "The most important single investment in a child, other than the
parenting, is the education."

It's strange, he said, that people are talking now about apologizing for
slavery. If society really wanted to do something, it would offer blacks better
schooling. "The 40 acres and a mule should be traded in for a four-year college
scholarship."

Lomax thinks America has entered a "strange" racial period. It's a time of
"racial balkanizing" and separation ---but also of "almost revolutionary"
togetherness "in certain intimate social settings." The country is going two
ways at once.

On Saturday ---at 7:30 p.m. in Centennial Olympic Park ---the National Black
Arts Festival will say goodbye to Lomax during its "Gathering of Colors." He is
stepping down as the festival's founding chairman.

He's one of Atlanta's most distinguished citizens, and it's a good sign that
he's keeping his house on Cascade Road.

e-mail:ccampbell@ajc.com

We want to hear from you, but are unable to acknowledge every message.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              649 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Mail (London)

                            March 14, 2007 Wednesday

Conrad Black's moment of truth

SECTION: ED 2ND; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 176 words


FORMER Press baron Conrad Black will enter a Chicago court today to answer
charges that could see him jailed for 101 years.

The former Daily Telegraph proprietor is accused of racketeering, mail and wire
fraud, money laundering, tax violations and obstructing justice.

Prosecutors say it is the legendary profligacy of his glamorous wife Barbara
Amiel that led to his alleged multimillion pilfering.

They will contend that Black flew Amiel to the Polynesian island of Bora Bora on
his private jet, refurbished their unimaginably opulent homes in London,
Florida, New York and Toronto to her lavish tastes, and spent Pounds 20,000 on
her birthday lunch . . . all at shareholders' expense.

Lord Black of Crossharbour, 62, is said to have plundered some Pounds 42million
as chairman of Hollinger, a company which owned hundreds of papers in Britain,
America, Canada and Australia.

He allegedly cheated shareholders and used Hollinger's money as 'a personal
piggy bank' to fund a billionaire's lifestyle.

Black, ennobled by Tony Blair in 2001, denies all the accusations.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   February 21, 2001 Wednesday FINAL EDITION

Black brings home plenty of green from Houston

BYLINE: Dwayne Erickson

SOURCE: Calgary Herald

SECTION: SPORTS, Pg. F7 Pro Rodeo

LENGTH: 668 words


Dan Black was the only Canadian with his hand out when the rich Houston
Astrodome rodeo paid off its first-round winners on Monday night.

Black, from Maple Creek, Sask., split fourth in the saddle bronc riding with a
78-point score that paid $1,005.

It was a new experience for the stylish four-time Canadian Finalist, who is
working the big-building rodeos for the third time in his career.

"Usually, I come home from the winter run with nothing but the clothes on my
back," he chuckled. "I think the most I ever won was $500 and that was last
year."

Black, 28, always a contender at the big rodeos on the homefront, has put a
whole new shine on things this time around.

He also won cheques for the first time at Denver, Fort Worth and San Antonio for
total earnings of $8,720 and a solid 15th in the early world standings.

"Winning down here is exciting for me because it's outside of our home circuit,"
he said. "It's a relief not having to call home for money all the time.

"I'm finally actually making it on my own. Rodeo is paying for itself and that's
the way it's supposed to be."

The season-opening road trip, which started in mid-January, comes to an end
about 10 days.

Black will work a rodeo this weekend at Tucson and finish off Houston, which has
two-more preliminary rounds and the championship final on March 4. Then he's
coming home to help his dad calve out about 500 head of cows.

But, he's got his heart set on qualifying for rodeo's world championships at Las
Vegas in December.

It may mean taking to the skies like the Hay boys have done this year, courtesy
of Ponoka auctioneer Blair Vold, who has provided the siblings with the use of a
six-seat Cessna 340

"I might have to hide out in the baggage compartment of their plane to get me to
some rodeos this spring and summer," snickered Black, who, with travelling
partner Ross Kreutzer, often provides the Hays with their ground transportation.

One thing Black does know: He's won enough money now that he will be able to
compete at all of the bigger rodeos which may have qualification limits.

"I'm going to all the good ones now," he said.

"They can't draw me out like they have in years past."

It all begins this weekend at Tucson, one of the year's top 20 rodeos for prize
money, and one Black has never been to before.

t t t

Although the Astrodome rodeo has stacks of cash on the table ($750,000) the
preliminary rounds are a shameful drawing contest.

"I drew a colt for my first one and he ran into the pickup man's horse," said
Rod Hay. "They marked me 66 points with the option of a reride."

He took the option -- and marked 63 points.

Black has drawn a horse in the second round that veteran California bronc rider
Toby Adams could only mark 51 points on -- and didn't get an option.

"These winter rodeos are so easy, yet they're so hard," said Denny Hay. "I was
74 and 73 on my first two at San Antonio, "not great scores. I didn't even place
in the rounds. But they were enough to get me to the finals where I could make
some money.

"Once you get to the short go (finals) they load a pretty good pen of broncs and
a guy can do something. You don't have to beat everybody in the draw. You can
beat 'em with your riding."

- - -

Long before an excited Denny Hay climbed on Air Hay to launch the season, he
said: "It's going to be a good winter."

The three-time Canadian champion has only ever had one of those before -- in
1995 when he won $15,000.

Well, the opportunity to fly -- and spend time at home between rodeos -- is
serving its purpose.

The elder of the two brothers won a rodeo last week at Kissimmee, Fla., and
cashed third at San Antonio for $7,200, boosting his winter earnings to $12,262
and seventh place in the world standings.

"It's been a helluva winter for me," Denny said.

"It's darn sure nice to be able to go home. (Brother) Roddy and I have only been
down here 12 days. "It (flying) makes a big difference."

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               August 12, 1997, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Black morticians feel betrayed by Lyons deal

BYLINE: TIM ROCHE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2068 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



For 22 years, funeral director Robert Young says, he has tried to offer
personalized service to families of African-Americans in their time of grief.
He has consoled them. He has buried them.

But now, Young and other black morticians fear their survival in the  business
world is threatened by a large, white-owned conglomerate known as the  Loewen
Group that seems poised to take over the death industry.

A catalyst of this threat is the Rev. Henry J. Lyons, who has sought to  deliver
a market of 8.5-million churchgoers to the Loewen Group. Lyons has  endorsed the
Canadian-owned company as the "death-care provider of choice"  for the National
Baptist Convention USA.

In return, the convention has received more than $ 200,000 from Loewen.  Lyons
and several others also are paid a regular salary by money provided by  the
company.

This business alliance was struck by Lyons, who as president of the  nation's
largest organization of black churches has long preached the  importance of
black empowerment.

"We are a strong people," Lyons once told his convention members. "Look  at
Sojourner Truth, Harriet Tubman, George Washington Carver and today the  likes
of Nelson Mandela: Black folk who rise in spite of the obstacles and  challenges
the white man places in our path."

Almost right away, critics of the deal between the convention and Loewen  argued
that Lyons was not practicing what he preached. Independent funeral  home
operators said they felt undermined, even betrayed.

"We were left out," said Young, whose Clearwater funeral home has been in
business since 1975.

"Who has been the biggest supporter for the black church? It's been the  black
funeral directors. Who has been there over the years before Loewen came  onto
the scene? In general, we've been there. It's one of the few independent
businesses that African-Americans can claim as their own - somewhat like the
church."

+++

Death and dying are big business. The funeral and cemetery industry  generates
an estimated $ 7-billion to $ 9-billion in yearly revenues.

Loewen is the second largest operator of cemeteries and funeral homes in  North
America. Its growth has come from the consolidation of privately owned
cemeteries and funeral homes, especially since fewer sons and daughters are
taking over family businesses. It solicits funeral home operators to sell to
the company as actively as its cemeteries market gravesites.

Two years ago, the National Baptist Convention and Loewen agreed to join  forces
and sell cemetery plots, burial services and merchandise such as vaults  and
tombstones.

Under the plan, Loewen offers a 10 percent discount to convention members  who
buy cemetery services through their churches. In return, pastors or  churches
receive 6 percent of the money spent by their parishioners.

Working through the church, counselors are trained and licensed to market  the
cemetery services, mostly on a pre-death basis. They receive between 5 and  10
percent in commissions, and the National Baptist Convention (or its related
organizations) receives a modest percentage. Altogether, Loewen pays out a
third of the sales in commissions and discounts.

David A. Laundy, a spokesman for Loewen in Vancouver, British Columbia,  said
the company's arrangement with the national convention is similar to  deals the
Baptist group has reached with other private corporations.

"It provides benefits for the members of the church, and it takes  advantage of
their buying power," Laundy said.

Lyons has talked often about the buying power of African-Americans - what  he
has called "leveraging power through unity." He has tried to parley the
nation's black Baptists into a buying cooperative named the Revelation Corp.
and into a proposed convention hotel on prime waterfront property in Fort
Lauderdale. He even has explored Nigeria as a possible marketplace for black
Americans to get into the oil and construction business.

Lyons has promised to achieve the long-overdue economic empowerment by  creating
what he has said will be "an impressive array of dynamic,  forward-looking
organizations."

"It's time we begin to use the real strength we have, which is  economics,"
Lyons told black newspaper publishers earlier this year. "We  must also begin to
realize our consumer ability and learn to maximize it to  the fullest."

+++

The deal with Loewen was supposed to be a step in the right direction, but
independent funeral operators considered it a backward move.

To market the cemetery services on behalf of the Loewen Group, the  convention
established the National African-American Church Council.

From a cramped, corner office on the first floor of Pleasant Lane Baptist
Church in Washington, the NAACC claims it has recruited about 200 churches and
hired about 100 counselors to be part of the program in three pilot cities and
surrounding areas.

Those pilot cities are St. Petersburg, where Lyons is minister of Bethel
Metropolitan Baptist Church, and Detroit and Washington, D.C.

The Rev. John D. Chaplin, first vice president of the national convention  and
chief operating officer at NAACC, said the group has had $ 1.5-million to  $
2-million in sales since the program began in 1995.

Profits, he said, have been minimal.

"I wouldn't say we're operating at a loss," he said. "For a startup  program, it
has met with a measure of success. Yet it has not achieved all it  could
achieve. . . . At this stage in the game, you don't reach the top in the  first
couple of years. You get established so you can make the money you want  to."

As part of the agreement with the Loewen Group, the NAACC and the National
Baptist Convention are supposed to donate a percentage of the proceeds to  Bible
colleges, seminaries and black universities. However, Chaplin said he  was
unsure how much has gone to the schools.

Critics have been quick to say that the NAACC is no more than a cover for
Loewen, meant to appease concerns amongs blacks who prefer not to do business
with a white-owned corporation.

Independent funeral operators call the deal an unholy alliance in which  Lyons
demonstrated no respect of black undertakers in black America. In their  view,
plainly put, Lyons sold them out.

"It's almost like Judas and the 30 pieces of silver," said Earle Banks,  the
fourth-generation owner of People's Funeral Home in Jackson, Miss. "Are  black
churches for sale? At this point I'd have to say if they are affiliated  with
the National Baptist Convention, the answer may be yes."

"It's not about 30 pieces of silver; it's about a great deal more," Lyons
responded in a recent interview with the Religion News Service. "Everybody
wants to nail me to the cross. My intentions were and are totally noble and
honest. . . . I tell you, ain't nobody any blacker than Henry Lyons."

Lyons has said repeatedly that the program has produced jobs for church  members
who work as counselors to sell the cemetery services. The rationale  behind the
agreement remains black economic empowerment, he said.

"As we build jobs, we continue to take people off welfare and give them  dignity
through work, and a credible job that will allow them to feed their  families,"
Lyons told the Wall Street Journal in a story last month.

He said some churches already are known to be involved in some aspects of  the
funeral business. The Roman Catholic Church, for example, has owned its  own
cemeteries for years.

The deal with the National Baptist Convention has been praised by some
financial analysts as an innovative plan for the company to penetrate a market
that was almost untouchable by outsiders.

It could be a way to increase competition and lower prices for consumers,  the
analysts say.

But the independent funeral directors say worries go beyond the national
convention selling Loewen's cemetery plots. In addition to counseling the  grief
stricken and burying loved ones, black funeral operators say they can  provide
an intimate service that lofty corporations cannot in the franchising  of the
death-care industry.

Robert L. Creal, whose funeral home in St. Petersburg has operated since  1955,
said he and others in the business often must be "bankers" and lend  money to
their clients.

"All this has taken all of the compassion out of the death profession,"  Creal
said. "It's sale, sale, sale. Take your commission and get out of the  way."

In February 1996, several independent funeral operators met with Lyons at  his
St. Petersburg church to discuss the Loewen deal. Among them was Joyce  Tucker,
a Virginia undertaker who is past president of the National Funeral  Directors
and Morticians Association, which mostly represents black funeral  operators.

During the meeting, Tucker recalls, Lyons indicated he had not realized the
potential impact on independent funeral operators. After the meeting, Lyons
tried to make amends.

He later told the funeral directors that he went back to Loewen to  renegotiate
the contract and ensure that Loewen offered gravesites and other  cemetery
services, not complete funerals.

"There has always been a close connection between African-American funeral
directors and the church. We've always worked hand-in-hand for the good of our
people," Tucker said. "Dr. Lyons knows our feelings. We've spoken to other
ministers in various states to express our concerns. We're hoping that this
contractual agreement will be looked at again."

Last week, Lyons spoke at the annual conference of the funeral directors'
association in Norfolk, Va. He told the members, again, that he had not
realized the full impact of the Loewen deal on independent funeral directors.

But, according to executive director Sharon Seay, Lyons said that neither  he
nor the Baptist convention had received any money directly from the Loewen
Group for the program.

At times, Lyons seemed defensive. At others, he was humble. In the end,  Seay
said, Lyons told the members that the contract with the Loewen Group  would
expire this year and he did not plan to renew it.

"Our feelings are that Loewen already has gotten in the door. He provided  the
entree," Seay said. "No matter how apologetic Mr. Lyons was, our board  felt he
still had provided Loewen the opportunity."

Despite what Lyons told the funeral directors, the National Baptist
Convention's annual report for 1995-96 shows the organization did receive  money
from Loewen: $ 100,000 is listed as a "gift."

Tom Franco, another spokesman for the Loewen Group, said the company has  given
the convention as much as $ 200,000 in charitable contributions. The  money was
paid in three installments between June and December 1995, he said.

In addition, he said, the company continues to provide money - how much, he
will not say - to cover "salaries" for Lyons and others associated with the
NAACC, including Chaplin and Bernice Edwards.

Edwards, a convicted embezzler with whom Lyons owns a $ 700,000 house on  Tierra
Verde, a Lake Tahoe timeshare condominium and a Rolls Royce, is the  executive
secretary at the NAACC. Last week, Lyons told his St. Petersburg  congregation
that he was severing all business ties to Edwards, but he was not  specific
about what he meant.

Executives at the Loewen Group said Lyons had not notified them about his
intentions regarding Edwards or about renewing the contract with Loewen.

However, the company now is evaluating the program. The company's spokesmen
would not say whether Loewen has asked for any of its money back.

"We're happy with the concept of the program," said Laundy, the spokesman  in
Vancouver. "It's run for a while. It's time for us to do a review of the
strengths and weaknesses and determine a future for the program."

Lyons has not responded to questions about Loewen from the St. Petersburg
Times. But one of his lawyers, Grady Irvin of Tampa, has said that the
agreement with the Loewen Group was good for consumers and that many of the
complaints have subsided.

But, he said, "the program has not been as successful as many had hoped,
including Dr. Lyons."

- Times staff writer David Barstow contributed to this report, which includes
information from Religion News Service and the Tennessean in Nashville.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, JOAN KADEL FENTON; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Robert
Young, owner of Young Funeral Home in Clearwater, stands amid some of the
caskets he sells.; the Rev. Henry J. Lyons

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              652 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 23, 1990, Wednesday, Final Edition

P.G. Restores Money for Black Youths;
Council Finances Student Achievement Program in Approving Billion-Dollar Budget

BYLINE: Marilyn W. Thompson, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 448 words


The Prince George's County Council, saying it wants to replace rhetoric with
money to solve critical problems, approved a $ 1 billion budget yesterday that
restored money for a much-discussed educational program for black males.

The budget approved by the council in a 7 to 1 vote restored an additional $ 1.5
million in spending for the Task Force on Black Male Achievement, a special
committee studying ways to curb the high dropout rate among black youths. The
action brought the total funding for the program to $ 2 million.

In all, school spending accounted for 55 percent of the budget, which totaled $
999.1 million.

With the county tax rate remaining at $ 2.40 per $ 100 of assessed value, the
average taxpayer in Prince George's will pay about $ 67 in additional property
taxes.

The task force on black male achievement, set up by School Superintendent John
A. Murphy, is studying whether male students can be encouraged to remain in
school by the addition of black studies programs, minority faculty members and
counselors and other resources.

Although school officials said they needed at least $ 2 million in start-up
money for the program, County Executive Parris Glendening had requested only $
500,000 in a budget proposal forwarded to the council for approval this spring.

Black leaders criticized Glendening's proposal, but he promised to add money for
the program once the planning group had recommended its changes.

Council member Hilda R. Pemberton said the council's willingness to restore the
money shows "we understand the peril in which black males find themselves. If we
do not pay now, then certainly we will pay later on."

Council members said they had been impressed by statistics showing that black
males who drop out of school often end up incarcerated in county jails or as
clients of county social service and health agencies.

"This shows that we're putting our money where our hearts and mouth are," said
Chairman Jo Ann T. Bell.

The council also added $ 500,000 in new school money for the purchase of
textbooks and other instructional materials.

The lone dissenter in the budget vote was council member Floyd E. Wilson Jr.,
who is challenging Glendening for the Democratic nomination for county
exeuctive.

Wilson said the budget includes inadequate funding for education and is rife
with waste.

For example, he said the county is spending $ 7 million to lease un- needed
office space, part of what he has called an effort by the Glendening
administration to support certain favored developers.

He said spending for economic development is a joke when the county is faced
with problems of poverty, homelessness and drug abuse.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JO ANN T. BELL.

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1990 The Washington Post


                              653 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      DNA

                          November 16, 2016 Wednesday

Other things unchanged

BYLINE: Bibek Debroy

LENGTH: 636  words


There is an exponential increase in economic expertise post November 8, muddying
waters quite a bit

In mid-1970s, I applied to Delhi School of Economics for a Master's programme.
An interview was part of the admission process and I was asked a question with a
concocted scenario. As Prime Minister, Indira Gandhi goes to USA and forgets to
take any money with her. However, she is so well known that she manages to pay
for her board and lodging through IOUs issued to the bearer. Once back in India,
she was supposed to honour these IOUs. But, busy with hurly burly of governing
India, she forgot. Who paid for her stay in USA?

Economists love the expression 'ceteris paribus', 'other things remaining
unchanged'. Ceteris paribus, this is classic quantity theory of money.

Money supply in USA increased and every US citizen paid for Indira Gandhi's stay
through higher prices. Someone sent me a concocted graph, showing a dramatic
increase in economists in India after November 8. The Indira Gandhi episode in
reverse - November 8 means reduction in Gross Domestic Produce (GDP), prices and
interest rates.

Let me muddy waters, ignoring temporary dislocation and focusing on what happens
thereafter: Real estate and land prices will crash. Bad for GDP. GDP is value of
goods and services produced in a year. I purchase a plot of land from you. Does
that enter GDP calculations? Of course not, no value addition has occurred. For
GDP calculation purposes, that's a transfer payment.

On a broader point, demonetization is about stocks, its impact on flows (GDP is
a flow) needs careful reasoning.

Fine, but brokerage is a service and that enters GDP calculations. True, but
what are brokerage fees based on? Are they in "black" or "white"?

Which land/real estate price declines, the "white" (registered valued) or the "
black" (premium)? If the answer to either question is "black", what does this
have to do with official and legal measurement of GDP?

On prices, do we have in mind a decline in prices or a decline in inflation
(where rate of increase in prices slows)?

But there's the rental market too and those prices can affect the denominator
when nominal GDP is deflated to get real GDP.

Perhaps, but depends on ceteris paribus assumptions.

There was some cash in the system. That was for transactions, speculation
(people were holding on to it for no particular obvious reason) or black. After
the transition period is over, that transaction bit comes back into the system.
Ceteris paribus, there is no change. The speculative cash holding was "idle", it
wasn't performing multiplier effects money supply is supposed to have. That
comes into the system, with positive externalities and efficiencies.

Ceteris paribus, that has an expansionary effect. As for the black bit, bulk of
the tax evading part probably comes back into the system, while the illegal
black part is destroyed. Apart from affecting RBI's liabilities, what does
destruction of a stock of black wealth do?

The elements of cash that come into the system are with RBI or scheduled
commercial banks, though either can be "channeled" into what is "government"
proper. That's going to be spent. Therefore, one can't do a ceteris paribus on
the contractionary, ignoring the expansionary. That's the danger with making
strong statements on interest rates. Interest rates may well decline, but not
per se because of this. They are largely a function of what RBI does.

The waters are exceedingly muddy on aggregate demand and supply, which is why I
am skeptical about this exponential increase in economic expertise.
Non-aggregate redistribution arguments are more robust, since there is a
transfer from relatively rich to relatively poor. So are

sector specific arguments (real estate, construction, trade, elections).

The author is an economist and member, NITI Aayog.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2016 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd., DNA (Daily News & Analysis),
                           distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     August 28, 1990, Tuesday, City Edition

Battling racism with dollar power

BYLINE: PEGGY PETERMAN

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1607 words



Perhaps this portends a renewed political awareness among black Floridians, but
from North Florida to Tampa to Miami, black Floridians are protesting,
boycotting and demanding their rights.

 In Monticello last week, 1,200 African-American students boycotted the first
three days of classes in the school system because the Jefferson County School
Board failed, among other things, to hire an equal number of black and white
teachers.  Students were back in school Monday, after an agreement was reached
for the hiring and promoting of black personnel.

    In Tampa, also last week, black people threatened a boycott of the Super
Bowl, events surrounding it and businesses owned and managed by members of Ye
Mystic Krewe of Gasparilla.

    In Miami, black people have successfully encouraged at least six national
black organizations to cancel their conventions, and local black Miamians are
not using hotels and restaurants for weddings and other functions.

    Economic sanctions have always been important political leverages for black
people. During the 1960s and 1970s, they were particularly effective in the
South.

    In my hometown, Tuskegee Institute, Ala., they used to call it "trading with
your friends." It meant buying goods and services from folks who respected
African-Americans, hired them and were politically sensitive to their needs.

    Tampa bears watching. For the past five years or more, there have been
constant charges by Tampa black people of police brutality, as well as
educational, hiring and housing problems.

    This makes for a lot of frustrated, disappointed African-Americans. Add to
that the jolly, good-old-boy club, Ye Mystic Krewe of Gasparilla, gearing up to
be one of the biggest highlights of Super Bowl XXV in Tampa while maintaining
its policy of no blacks or women allowed, and you have a severely strained city.
The Krewe, an exclusive club of white movers and shakers in the Tampa community,
sponsors the annual Gasparilla "invasion" of Tampa.

    The selective buying campaign, threatened by black people in Tampa in 30
days if their demands are not met, touches and concerns all of us in surrounding
communities and deserves our wholehearted support. Among other things, black
organizations ask for full membership in the Krewe and the inclusion of more
black businesses in Super Bowl activities.

    Black representatives in Tampa say it's not about being a pirate.  It's
about sitting at the power tables helping to make decisions that will affect
black people. It's about getting an equal slice of the pie in a complex city
that continues to ignore inadequate housing in the black community, problems in
the educational system and hiring policies of the public and private sectors
regarding African-Americans.

    It has gone beyond words in Miami. Black Miamians already have a strong
campaign of "economic sanctions" going. Their sanctions 4 are against the Miami
hotel and tourist industry. The group is disturbed about the city's snubbing of
Nelson Mandela during his visit, the brutal arrest of Haitians who demonstrated
after a Haitian was beaten by a Miami shopkeeper and hiring policies in the
civil and business sectors in the city.

    H.T. Smith, a lawyer who is spokesman for the group, says this is not a "
black boycott" but a national boycott led by black people.

    "Black people in Miami are especially proud . . . because they're talking in
terms of dollars and cents," Smith says. "The power structure doesn't talk moral
values, human rights, they talk money.  We're talking their talk now money."

    Among those groups Smith says have canceled future conventions or
conferences in Miami:

     The National Medical Association, a 6,000-member organization of black and
minority physicians.

     The National Bar Association, a 1,200-member black lawyers' organization.

     The National Association of Black Prosecutors.

     The National Conference of Black Mayors, representing about 321 black
mayors.

     The National Alliance of Postal and Federal Employees with about 70,000
members.

     The Council on Black American Affairs.

     Omega Psi Phi Fraternity's international leadership conference.  It is a
black fraternity.

    "In 1989, black visitors pumped approximately $ 1.14-billion into Miami's
tourist industry," Smith says. "We're not getting a fair return on our money,
and we're demanding a balance of trade. The truth of the matter is during the
past 20 years, the hotel and tourist industry has boycotted blacks by not hiring
us for jobs, not using our professional services as accountants, lawyers, in
public relations jobs, and by not doing business with black vendors or
contributing to black charities.

    "It is economic suicide to continue to invest money to finance businesses
that boycott you. . . . We're balancing off this trade so that we will be hired
from the basement to the penthouse in proportion to our contribution to the
industry," Smith says.

    He calls it a non-violent way to protest racism in a city that has had three
riots in the last decade.

    "We're employing a high-level economic civil disturbance in place of a
riot," Smith says.

    Merrett Stierheim, president of the Greater Miami Convention and Visitors
Bureau, and a former Pinellas County administrator, did not want to comment
about the sanctions. Then, changing his mind, he said, ". . . I am personally
committed to a responsible, appropriate resolution of the matter."

    Reminiscent of the '60s civil rights movement strategy, the Miami group has
no name and only one spokesperson, according to Smith.  Thirty years ago, this
strategy saved many a black man or woman and their families economic or physical
reprisals.

    Smith says they will continue to be unnamed, with no address or telephone
number. "That way, there's nothing to shoot at an unidentifiable moving target.
No slogan, no song, no name, no office. Just a good and right cause that we're
dedicated to see through," Smith says.

    Selective buying campaigns also are not new to St. Petersburg.  The last one
was waged in 1960, when black folks picketed and organized a boycott against
Webb's City and other department store lunch counters. The Webb's City complex,
home of the "World's Most Unusual Drug Store," used to be in the area of Webb's
Plaza on M.L. King (Ninth) Street between First and Third avenues S. In 1961,
Webb's City was able to get a permanent injunction against the NAACP, stopping
the picketing and selective buying campaign. Webb's City attorneys said the
business was losing approximately $ 15,000 a day, and that the picketing was
"inflammatory and damaging."

    It's interesting how folks don't want you around, but they'll take your
money, thank you. Ironically, when black folks find enough self-respect and make
a decision to spend their money wisely, folks who disrespected them in the first
place usually get angry. They sued black people in Tuskegee too, for fostering
an "illegal boycott."

    Sounds to me like a master/slave relationship. Historically, the slave was
considered unworthy of participating in the social, political and business
affairs of the master. Any behavior on the part of the servant indicating that
he felt he was worthy, or any protest on his part, usually brought punishment
and reprisals.

    Black men and women in Miami and Tampa should be applauded for their unity.
It's time for black people to stick together.

    Sometimes, protest is essential. It helps invisible people who have
historically been ignored by federal, state and local governments negotiate for
constructive solutions. During the past decade, African-Americans have been slow
to protest.

    But some black people have decided to return to their roots, because of
heightened ethnic violence on Ivy League college campuses, in public schools,
and in cities across this country, cutbacks in federal, state and city financing
for services targeted for African-American communities, layoffs, attacks by the
courts and government on affirmative action and limited minority representation
on public school staffs.

    Black people in St. Petersburg must also continue to remember how to
organize and protest. This summer, blacks in St. Petersburg watched
incredulously as government officials tried unsuccessfully to close the only
public library in the black community, the James Weldon Johnson branch.

    Vigilance is necessary, because budget cuts, transfers, firings and closing
down of services in the black community are only the tip of the iceberg.

    If black people and other minorities truly want equal treatment in this
country, protest and struggle will have to become a part of their lives. The
black abolitionist Frederick Douglass said it well:

    "If there is no struggle, there is no progress. Those who profess to favor
freedom, and yet deprecate agitation, are men who want crops without plowing up
the ground. They want rain without thunder and lightning. They want the ocean
without the awful roar of its many waters. This struggle may be a moral one; or
it may be a physical one; or it may be both moral and physical; but it must be a
struggle. Power concedes nothing without a demand."


LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO, JOE WALLES; BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; H.T. Smith; Pickets
march in 1960 in a boycott of downtown St.  Petersburg businesses

                            Times Publishing Company


                              655 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Learning to rock climb with a purpose

BYLINE: By Brett Prettyman The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 821 words


Debbie Seaver had been looking for a way to properly introduce her two preteen
sons to climbing when a friend mentioned Climb4Life.

Seaver immediately liked the idea of professional climbers guiding her boys into
the sport, but it was the other half of the event that clinched the Seavers'
participation.

"We had done a little rock climbing, and I thought it sounded great to get into
it this way," Seaver said. "I didn't know about the cancer part of it until I
started looking into it. Once I found that out, I was really interested because
my grandmother died of ovarian cancer."

Seaver likes the fact that she and the boys are learning the proper way to climb
from experts while raising money for a great cause at the same time.

The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held Sept. 13 to 15. It's presented by
the nonprofit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and hosted locally by Black
Diamond.

"Twelve years ago, HERA founder Sean Patrick started Climb4Life in Salt Lake
City with the vision of putting a different face on ovarian cancer -- one of
health, strength and empowerment," said Meg Steitz, executive director for the
HERA Foundation. "For 12 years, we've been inspired by the Salt Lake City
community, who has come together year after year to celebrate Sean's life and to
keep fighting ovarian cancer, which continues to take far too many lives each
year. Climb4Life Utah has become our longest running and largest event of the
series, and we're looking forward to our best event yet in Salt Lake."

Climbing is not the only activity associated with the fundraiser. Hiking and
outdoor photography workshops also are offered. Climbers will be guided by
professionals from Utah Mountain Adventures and hiking groups will be led by
representatives from SPLORE.

Professional photographers will guide participants on a half-day of shooting
then help people learn how to store, organize, edit and publish photos.

Other Climb4Life events are scheduled in Boston; Washington, D.C.; and Boulder,
Colo.

Organizers have a goal of raising $70,000 for ovarian cancer research and
awareness. If the goal is reached, Climb4Life Utah will have raised more than
$750,000 in its 12 years.

"What I like is the education aspect and early testing," Seaver said. "The best
way to prevent it is with early detection."

Black Diamond Equipment in Salt Lake has hosted Climb4Life since the inaugural
event in 2001. Company officials look forward to many more in the future.

"While the goal of the event is to raise funds and awareness for ovarian cancer
research, it has grown into something much larger. It's now developed into a
very strong Salt Lake community event that brings together kids, women and men
to celebrate life, share friendship and have fun climbing at our local Wasatch
crags," said Jonathan Thesenga, global sports marketing manager at Black
Diamond. "We look forward to hosting the Climb4Life event every year as it
provides inspiration to us all."

The Seavers, including Luc, 12, and Grant, 10, found out about Climb4Life just
before last year's event, and it was a bit of a scramble to figure out how to
make it work, but organizers made it happen.

"Luc is scared of heights, and he hated the idea that I signed him up," Seaver
said. "But we had one of their friends join us at the last minute, and the three
boys had a blast climbing and at the party afterward."

With more time this year, the Seavers have formed a team and called in a special
leader -- Brent Martin -- from California to led their charge up the rock wall.

"I was telling him about last year after we did it, and he said he would have
liked to have done it and that he had always wanted to climb in Utah, so we
decided to do it this year," Seaver said.

The Beezmeisters, as they will be known, will be busy working on pledges for
their climb. Telling other people they are climbing to raise money for cancer
awareness and early detection is good for her sons, Seaver said.

"I don't think they really understood at first what it was all about," she said.
"It was good to see the impact once they realized what they were doing."

Seaver has asked the boys to work on gathering their own pledges and set a goal
for each of collecting at least five donations.

Besides all the other benefits of participating, Seaver also is looking forward
to being on belay.

"I just like being out there challenging myself and conquering my fears. It is a
great way to bond with my sons and I'll be thinking of my grandmother," she
said. "Besides, it is still less expensive than hiring a guide to teach you to
climb."

brettp@sltrib.com

Twitter: @BrettPrettyman -- Climb4Life O The 12th Annual Climb4Life event is
Sept. 13 to 15 as a fundraiser for the HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and hosted
by Black Diamond. Registration ends Sept. 9. Activities include a social and
climbing, hiking and outdoor photography sessions with professionals. Visit
www.herafoundation.org/c4l-utah-2013/ for details.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012
Climb4Life fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for
ovarian cancer awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life
Utah is being held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer
Foundation and hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Luc Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Debbi Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Grant Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Luc, Debbi and Grant Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA
Climb4Life Utah in 2012 and return for the The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Learning to rock climb with a purpose

BYLINE: By Brett Prettyman The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 821 words


Debbie Seaver had been looking for a way to properly introduce her two preteen
sons to climbing when a friend mentioned Climb4Life.

Seaver immediately liked the idea of professional climbers guiding her boys into
the sport, but it was the other half of the event that clinched the Seavers'
participation.

"We had done a little rock climbing, and I thought it sounded great to get into
it this way," Seaver said. "I didn't know about the cancer part of it until I
started looking into it. Once I found that out, I was really interested because
my grandmother died of ovarian cancer."

Seaver likes the fact that she and the boys are learning the proper way to climb
from experts while raising money for a great cause at the same time.

The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held Sept. 13 to 15. It's presented by
the nonprofit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and hosted locally by Black
Diamond.

"Twelve years ago, HERA founder Sean Patrick started Climb4Life in Salt Lake
City with the vision of putting a different face on ovarian cancer -- one of
health, strength and empowerment," said Meg Steitz, executive director for the
HERA Foundation. "For 12 years, we've been inspired by the Salt Lake City
community, who has come together year after year to celebrate Sean's life and to
keep fighting ovarian cancer, which continues to take far too many lives each
year. Climb4Life Utah has become our longest running and largest event of the
series, and we're looking forward to our best event yet in Salt Lake."

Climbing is not the only activity associated with the fundraiser. Hiking and
outdoor photography workshops also are offered. Climbers will be guided by
professionals from Utah Mountain Adventures and hiking groups will be led by
representatives from SPLORE.

Professional photographers will guide participants on a half-day of shooting
then help people learn how to store, organize, edit and publish photos.

Other Climb4Life events are scheduled in Boston; Washington, D.C.; and Boulder,
Colo.

Organizers have a goal of raising $70,000 for ovarian cancer research and
awareness. If the goal is reached, Climb4Life Utah will have raised more than
$750,000 in its 12 years.

"What I like is the education aspect and early testing," Seaver said. "The best
way to prevent it is with early detection."

Black Diamond Equipment in Salt Lake has hosted Climb4Life since the inaugural
event in 2001. Company officials look forward to many more in the future.

"While the goal of the event is to raise funds and awareness for ovarian cancer
research, it has grown into something much larger. It's now developed into a
very strong Salt Lake community event that brings together kids, women and men
to celebrate life, share friendship and have fun climbing at our local Wasatch
crags," said Jonathan Thesenga, global sports marketing manager at Black
Diamond. "We look forward to hosting the Climb4Life event every year as it
provides inspiration to us all."

The Seavers, including Luc, 12, and Grant, 10, found out about Climb4Life just
before last year's event, and it was a bit of a scramble to figure out how to
make it work, but organizers made it happen.

"Luc is scared of heights, and he hated the idea that I signed him up," Seaver
said. "But we had one of their friends join us at the last minute, and the three
boys had a blast climbing and at the party afterward."

With more time this year, the Seavers have formed a team and called in a special
leader -- Brent Martin -- from California to led their charge up the rock wall.

"I was telling him about last year after we did it, and he said he would have
liked to have done it and that he had always wanted to climb in Utah, so we
decided to do it this year," Seaver said.

The Beezmeisters, as they will be known, will be busy working on pledges for
their climb. Telling other people they are climbing to raise money for cancer
awareness and early detection is good for her sons, Seaver said.

"I don't think they really understood at first what it was all about," she said.
"It was good to see the impact once they realized what they were doing."

Seaver has asked the boys to work on gathering their own pledges and set a goal
for each of collecting at least five donations.

Besides all the other benefits of participating, Seaver also is looking forward
to being on belay.

"I just like being out there challenging myself and conquering my fears. It is a
great way to bond with my sons and I'll be thinking of my grandmother," she
said. "Besides, it is still less expensive than hiring a guide to teach you to
climb."

brettp@sltrib.com

Twitter: @BrettPrettyman -- Climb4Life O The 12th Annual Climb4Life event is
Sept. 13 to 15 as a fundraiser for the HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and hosted
by Black Diamond. Registration ends Sept. 9. Activities include a social and
climbing, hiking and outdoor photography sessions with professionals. Visit
www.herafoundation.org/c4l-utah-2013/ for details.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: | Courtesy Luc, Debbi and Grant Seaver of Park City participated in the
HERA Climb4Life Utah in 2012 and return for the The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah
being held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer
Foundation and hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Grant Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Debbi Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Luc Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Learning to rock climb with a purpose

BYLINE: By Brett Prettyman The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 821 words


Debbie Seaver had been looking for a way to properly introduce her two preteen
sons to climbing when a friend mentioned Climb4Life.

Seaver immediately liked the idea of professional climbers guiding her boys into
the sport, but it was the other half of the event that clinched the Seavers'
participation.

"We had done a little rock climbing, and I thought it sounded great to get into
it this way," Seaver said. "I didn't know about the cancer part of it until I
started looking into it. Once I found that out, I was really interested because
my grandmother died of ovarian cancer."

Seaver likes the fact that she and the boys are learning the proper way to climb
from experts while raising money for a great cause at the same time.

The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held Sept. 13 to 15. It's presented by
the nonprofit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and hosted locally by Black
Diamond.

"Twelve years ago, HERA founder Sean Patrick started Climb4Life in Salt Lake
City with the vision of putting a different face on ovarian cancer -- one of
health, strength and empowerment," said Meg Steitz, executive director for the
HERA Foundation. "For 12 years, we've been inspired by the Salt Lake City
community, who has come together year after year to celebrate Sean's life and to
keep fighting ovarian cancer, which continues to take far too many lives each
year. Climb4Life Utah has become our longest running and largest event of the
series, and we're looking forward to our best event yet in Salt Lake."

Climbing is not the only activity associated with the fundraiser. Hiking and
outdoor photography workshops also are offered. Climbers will be guided by
professionals from Utah Mountain Adventures and hiking groups will be led by
representatives from SPLORE.

Professional photographers will guide participants on a half-day of shooting
then help people learn how to store, organize, edit and publish photos.

Other Climb4Life events are scheduled in Boston; Washington, D.C.; and Boulder,
Colo.

Organizers have a goal of raising $70,000 for ovarian cancer research and
awareness. If the goal is reached, Climb4Life Utah will have raised more than
$750,000 in its 12 years.

"What I like is the education aspect and early testing," Seaver said. "The best
way to prevent it is with early detection."

Black Diamond Equipment in Salt Lake has hosted Climb4Life since the inaugural
event in 2001. Company officials look forward to many more in the future.

"While the goal of the event is to raise funds and awareness for ovarian cancer
research, it has grown into something much larger. It's now developed into a
very strong Salt Lake community event that brings together kids, women and men
to celebrate life, share friendship and have fun climbing at our local Wasatch
crags," said Jonathan Thesenga, global sports marketing manager at Black
Diamond. "We look forward to hosting the Climb4Life event every year as it
provides inspiration to us all."

The Seavers, including Luc, 12, and Grant, 10, found out about Climb4Life just
before last year's event, and it was a bit of a scramble to figure out how to
make it work, but organizers made it happen.

"Luc is scared of heights, and he hated the idea that I signed him up," Seaver
said. "But we had one of their friends join us at the last minute, and the three
boys had a blast climbing and at the party afterward."

With more time this year, the Seavers have formed a team and called in a special
leader -- Brent Martin -- from California to led their charge up the rock wall.

"I was telling him about last year after we did it, and he said he would have
liked to have done it and that he had always wanted to climb in Utah, so we
decided to do it this year," Seaver said.

The Beezmeisters, as they will be known, will be busy working on pledges for
their climb. Telling other people they are climbing to raise money for cancer
awareness and early detection is good for her sons, Seaver said.

"I don't think they really understood at first what it was all about," she said.
"It was good to see the impact once they realized what they were doing."

Seaver has asked the boys to work on gathering their own pledges and set a goal
for each of collecting at least five donations.

Besides all the other benefits of participating, Seaver also is looking forward
to being on belay.

"I just like being out there challenging myself and conquering my fears. It is a
great way to bond with my sons and I'll be thinking of my grandmother," she
said. "Besides, it is still less expensive than hiring a guide to teach you to
climb."

brettp@sltrib.com

Twitter: @BrettPrettyman -- Climb4Life O The 12th Annual Climb4Life event is
Sept. 13 to 15 as a fundraiser for the HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and hosted
by Black Diamond. Registration ends Sept. 9. Activities include a social and
climbing, hiking and outdoor photography sessions with professionals. Visit
www.herafoundation.org/c4l-utah-2013/ for details.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: | Courtesy Grant Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA
Climb4Life Utah in 2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual
Climb4Life Utah being held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's
Cancer Foundation and hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Debbi Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Luc, Debbi and Grant Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA
Climb4Life Utah in 2012 and return for the The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
| Courtesy Luc Seaver of Park City participated in the HERA Climb4Life Utah in
2012 and will be on the wall again when the 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah being
held Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.
Brendan Nicholson | Courtesy Climb4Life Participants in the 2012 Climb4Life
fundraiser took to the Wasatch Front mountains to raise money for ovarian cancer
awareness, education and research. The 12th Annual Climb4Life Utah is being held
Sept. 13-15 presented by the non-profit HERA Women's Cancer Foundation and
hosted locally by Black Diamond.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             October 3, 2004 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

FARMERS WANT PROMISED MONEY

BYLINE: By Stephen Gurr South Carolina Bureau

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 661 words

DATELINE: AIKEN


Like his farming ancestors who never got their 40 acres and a mule, John Simmons
never received the $50,000 settlement and debt forgiveness he felt the federal
government owed him.

Mr. Simmons is one of thousands of black farmers in South Carolina, Georgia and
elsewhere who say they have been either stonewalled or outright rejected in
their applications for a piece of a landmark civil rights settlement reached
with the U.S. Department of Agriculture five years ago.

Under a consent decree meant to correct past discrimination in farm-lending
practices, the government agreed to pay a one-time $50,000 award in damages to
affected black farmers and to forgive certain debts.

But though 13,000 black farmers have been paid more than $650 million since the
USDA settled the class action civil rights suit in 1999, an additional 64,000
who applied for the settlement have been shut out, according to a recent report
from the Environmental Working Group, an environmental and public health
watchdog based in Washington, D.C.

"It's the same thing as back then," said Mr. Simmons, referring to the 40 acres
and a mule pledged to black farmers during Reconstruction. "They promise you
something they're not going to deliver on. I think we're right back in the same
boat."

Since 1965, Mr. Simmons has grown peanuts, soybeans, corn and cotton on 500
acres near the Barnwell County line. His parents farmed the land before him. Mr.
Simmons said white federal loan officials delivered on loans too late to plant
crops and loaned more money to his white counterparts.

"One's on one side of the hedgerow and one's on the other, farming the same
amount, and it's amazing the difference in how little they would loan the black
farmers compared with the whites," Mr. Simmons said.

Independent arbitrators say farmers who were denied either had not applied for
the settlement in time or couldn't prove they had been the victim of
discriminatory lending practices.

"This is one of the inherent flaws in the settlement," said Tom Burrell, the
president of the Memphis, Tenn.-based Black Farmers and Agriculturalist
Association. "Here you have the court finding in its opinion that the USDA
discriminated against black farmers, and now those same farmers have to prove
individually they were victims of discrimination.''

The nation's black farmers historically have been targets of discrimination,
said Doug Bachtel, a rural sociologist at the University of Georgia. Many were
denied access to the credit and capital that would allow them to expand their
operations, buy expensive machinery and plant the type of row crops covered by
federal subsidy programs - corn, peanuts, soybeans and cotton.

"Because of historic discrimination, these folks have been locked out of that
system," Dr. Bachtel said.

Association members plan to meet with black members of the U.S. House Judiciary
Committee this week to seek recourse.

But some feel the damage already has been done.

Jackie Frazier, a black farmer who once grew corn and soybeans in Allendale
County, says more money went to part-time farmers or landowners with family
members who were affected than to "real farmers."

"I think it caused more dissension among black farmers than anything else," Mr.
Frazier said. "Some couldn't understand why this farmer got (the settlement) and
they didn't.''

Though the Environmental Working Group says a $2.3 billion fund was set aside
for the settlement, there was never a set amount for damages, said Ed Loyd, a
spokesman for the USDA.

And it's up to independent arbitrators, not the USDA or the courts, to determine
the merits of each claim, he said.

"Specific criteria had to be met for that claim to be approved," Mr. Loyd said.

Among them, the affected farmer must have participated in a farm loan program
and been denied between 1981 and 1996 and must have filed a discrimination
complaint between 1981 and 1997, Mr. Loyd said.

Reach Stephen Gurr at (803) 648-1395, ext. 110,or
stephen.gurr@augustachronicle.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  1. ANDREW DAVIS TUCKER/STAFF Farmer John Simmons attaches railings to
the side of a flatbed truck in preparation for the peanut harvest on his farm in
southern Aiken County. Mr. Simmons says he has been denied a part of a civil
rights settlement by the USDA. 2. Mr. Simmons pulls a plant and cracks a nut to
check the maturation of the peanut crops on his farm. He says he was
discriminated against when applying for a federal loan.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              659 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             July 20, 2000 Thursday

TWO ARE SOUGHT IN PAIR OF MINNEAPOLIS BANK ROBBERIES

BYLINE: Phillip Pina Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 288 words


Police and federal agents are investigating a pair of unrelated bank robberies
Wednesday in Minneapolis.

Officers were called to the U.S. Bank at 1030 W. Broadway Ave. about 9 a.m.
after a robber gestured that he had a weapon in his jacket pocket and then
demanded money. After the teller handed over the money, the robber was seen
driving away in a black Lincoln Continental, with Minnesota license plates
DTD-278. There were three other people in the car, according to the FBI.

Then at about 4:10 p.m., officers were called to the TCF National Bank in the
Cub Foods at 2850 26th Ave. S. This time, a robber handed a teller a note with a
threatening demand and was given an undetermined amount of money, FBI officials
said. The robber of the second bank is also suspected of robbing the TCF branch
at 7800 Penn Ave. S. in Bloomington on July 14, investigators said.

Investigators describe that robber as a black man, 35 to 40 years old, about 6
feet tall, with a medium to large build and a rough complexion. He was wearing a
red Cincinnati Reds baseball cap, dark sunglasses, a black T-shirt, khaki pants
and white tennis shoes.

The robber of the U.S. Bank is described as a black man, 30 to 35 years old,
about 5-foot-3 to 5-foot-8, with a medium build, balding and with a goatee
beard. He was wearing a tan sports coat, tan slacks, black shirt and sunglasses.

Anyone with information on the robberies is asked to contact police, or the FBI
at (612) 376-3200. The Minnesota Bankers Association is offering a reward of up
to $10,000 for information leading to the arrest and indictment of these
robberies, investigators said.

Phillip Pina can be reached at ppina@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-2162.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2000 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 20, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Professor Shouldn't Be Dismissed for Views;
Worth Debating

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 400 words


To the Editor:

I agree with your Aug. 9 editorial that Dr. Leonard Jeffries Jr.'s comments at
the Empire State Black Arts and Cultural Festival were offensive, but that
doesn't mean he should not have been a featured speaker. As odious as Dr.
Jeffries's comments were, inviting him to the festival was appropriate if only
because he represents an opinion worth debating.

Not everything you quote Dr. Jeffries as having said was irrational -- for
example, "Everyone knows rich Jews helped finance the slave trade." Dr. Jeffries
didn't say rich Jews financed the slave trade by themselves, but that they
helped finance it. Given that for centuries Jews were forbidden to own land in
Europe and were forced into endeavors like money lending, it is likely some
Jewish money lenders in England and the Netherlands -- countries that dominated
18th-century shipping -- lent money to merchants engaged in the African slave
trade. It is wrong for Dr. Jeffries to single out Jews from among all the
financiers who did this, but that doesn't make his statement irrational.

His statement about Jewish and Italian-American complicity in Hollywood's
negative portrayals of black people isn't irrational either -- though it could
have been expressed less vituperatively. Hollywood's major studios were founded
by Jews. Many continue to be run by Jews, as Premiere magazine's list of
Hollywood's most powerful people attests.

No one would deny that for years Hollywood portrayed blacks as comical, stupid
and subhuman. It still produces insulting portrayals, though recent black film
makers provide a greater variety of films about African-Americans. If Jews have
been a dominant industry presence, it follows they have been complicit in
propagating those negative images. It follows too that some Italian-Americans
helped promote the images.

Francis Ford Coppola did so in "The Godfather," no doubt to render an accurate
portrayal of his characters' attitudes. In one scene, a council of Mafia
chieftains discusses the heroin trade. One of them says he prefers keeping
heroin among "the niggers" because "they're animals anyway."

Dr. Jeffries certainly errs by dismissing all Jews and Italian-Americans. Yet I
want to hear what he has to say because his thoughts deserve debate.

HUGH PEARSON
San Francisco, Aug. 9, 1991

The writer is associate editor, Pacific News Service.


LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              661 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              March 8, 2010 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

Doors open to black history, not just one month a year;
At least two projects are gaining steam in a state that has no black history
museum.

BYLINE: IAN LARSON, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 629 words


Black history month may be over, but local historians say Minnesotans shouldn't
forget about it until next February. African-Americans are Minnesota's most
numerous minority -- nearly 280,000 live in Minnesota -- but the Land of 10,000
Lakes doesn't have a single operating black history museum. If history buffs
have their way and raise enough money, Minneapolis will have two, with the first
perhaps opening as early as next year.

Roxanne Givens first saw the for-sale sign on the Amos Coe mansion when she got
lost driving in south-central Minneapolis two years ago. "It screamed 'Museum!'"
she said.

Within six months, Givens had ignited an effort to transform the 130-year-old
mansion into a place to showcase the little-known history of black Minnesotans.

Now, as renovations continue and museum organizers plan exhibits, they say the
Minnesota African American Museum and Cultural Center (MAAM), is primed to make
a statement about Minnesota's history, with an opening planned for next
February.

"It's our way of saying black history is going to be 365 days a year, so that
it's not just one month," Givens said.

Organizers intend for it to be filled with interactive displays and artifacts,
such as records from the 17 black families who helped establish Edina, and
clothing worn by George Bonga, believed to have been the first black man born in
the Minnesota Territory.

The group also is creating a video exhibit from Twin Cities Public Television's
"North Star" series about the state's black pioneers. And they envision having
interactive tools like the Apple iPad to display extra information and
illustrate artifacts not in the collection, said Sharon Kennedy Vickers, who is
planning the exhibits.

The Legislature has included $840,000 for the project in the state's bonding
bill, but it's not certain the money will survive cost-cutting procedures by the
Legislature or governor.

State Rep. Bobby Joe Champion, DFL-Minneapolis, said cutting the money would be
a shame. "In my mind, this is a priority, and it should be at the top of the
list," Champion said, noting the museum would employ people and attract
tourists.

Even with state money, the group would be short of its $5 million fundraising
goal. It hopes to ultimately close the gap through donations.

Civil rights scenes

Leola Seals isn't as far along with her museum plans as Givens' group is, but
she has a long-held vision.

A former Minneapolis NAACP president, Seals has toured the state with civil
rights exhibits since 1996, but she's wanted to move her exhibits out of storage
and into a permanent site.

Bad health in recent years kept her from realizing that vision, but now she
wants to jump-start her museum by asking the Legislature for seed money.

"I think there's enough history to have 10 African-American museums in the state
of Minnesota," she said.

Seals doesn't have a location yet, but she can already imagine her African
American Historical & Civil Rights Museum filled with life-sized scenes
exemplifying the civil rights movement. Those would include a mock-up of a
"whites-only" diner and a cutaway of a bus like the one in which Rosa Parks
famously refused to give up her seat.

"What's appealing to the mind and what's appealing to the heart is the real,
true history of African-Americans," she said.

Michael Chaney, who organizes local Juneteenth celebrations, said the museums
would show the diversity of Minnesota's black history.

"Clearly there is some distinction between their visions," he said. "But in many
respects, they are certainly driving down the same road."

Ian Larson is a University of Minnesota student reporter on assignment for the
Star Tribune.

MUSEUM MONEY

Readers can make donations to either museum project by going to www.givemn.org
and searching for "African-American museum."

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday

BLACK'S MONEY LAUNDERING CHARGE DROPPED

BYLINE: JANET WHITMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 316 words


The money laundering charge against Conrad Black was dropped yesterday at the
dethroned press baron's fraud and racketeering trial, a sign prosecutors failed
to present enough evidence for the jury to convict him on the count.

Judge Amy St. Eve immediately approved the prosecution's decision to dismiss the
charge, which came shortly before prosecutors rested their case after a ten
weeks of oftentimes-tedious testimony.

The jury still has another 13 charges against Black to consider - counts that
could put the Canadian-born media mogul turned British lord behind bars for the
next two decades.

The money laundering charge, which was added to the government's indictment in
late 2005, accused Black of using $2.15 million in alleged ill-gotten gains to
pay for part of a Park Avenue apartment he was buying from his Chicago newspaper
company Hollinger International.

Black allegedly transferred the funds from his Canadian bank account to
Hollinger International.

Prosecutors have "more than enough [other] charges to accomplish their goal if
the jury buys [their] basic story that the defendants, with Black in the lead,
conspired to divert . . . non-compete payments that properly belonged to
Hollinger International," said Mark Zauderer, a trial lawyer in New York
specializing in white-collar crime cases.

Black is accused of looting millions from Hollinger International through
payouts from phony agreements promising not to compete with the buyers of
newspaper assets Hollinger was selling.

The jury heard the buyers of those assets never requested that Black and other
executives be added to the so-called non-compete agreements.

Black is also charged with abusing corporate perks.

Lawyers for Black and the three other defendants are expected to wrap up their
case in less than two weeks, a sign that the fallen newspaper titan won't be
taking the witness stand.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               March 21, 1998, Saturday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Black caucus, GOP ally on budget

BYLINE: PETER WALLSTEN; ADAM C. SMITH

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 782 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



In the most dramatic show of force since racial tensions erupted in the  Florida
Democratic Party, black lawmakers stood with Republican leaders Friday  to
protect the GOP's education ideals.

The unity between leaders of the first GOP-controlled state House this  century
and many black members stymied Democrats trying to set their own  priorities in
Florida's $ 45-billion budget, blocking efforts to further  increase funds for
school textbooks and expand child health programs with  tobacco money.

"That's never happened before," Republican House Speaker Daniel Webster  said of
the cooperation with black members. "It's almost historic."

The partnership unfolded on a day that both the House and the Senate gave
preliminary approval to their separate budget proposals. The chambers, both  led
by Republicans, disagree on several key items and are likely to appoint
negotiators next week to hash out a final product for approval by Democratic
Gov. Lawton Chiles.

Lawmakers, who typically pass a budget at the end of their regular session,  are
in a rush this year because they want to leave Tallahassee early to  campaign
for the 1998 elections.

There is less bickering than usual, thanks to increased state revenues due  to a
healthy economy and the state's settlement with the tobacco industry.

Both House and Senate leaders are talking about big tax breaks for  businesses
and individuals, and House leaders even want to keep $ 1-billion set  aside for
an emergency fund.

Among the hot topics Friday: how much to spend to buy schoolbooks and  reduce
class sizes; how to use the money from Florida's multibillion-dollar  settlement
with the tobacco industry; whether to move ahead on the state's  controversial
high-speed rail project; and whether the state should preserve  the Ocklawaha
River.

One of the most compelling developments of all Friday was in the political
arena, as black and Republican leaders proved they could carry out their
promise of working together.

Black members have been at odds with their party since state Rep. Willie  Logan
of Opa-locka was dumped from the Democrats' House leadership team.  Earlier this
week, voters in black neighborhoods of Broward County surprised  Democrats by
voting in unusually high numbers for a Republican candidate in a  special state
Senate election.

Friday, black legislators carried out their promise to be "free agents,"  not
the loyal Democratic party members they had been for so long.

The House has proposed spending $ 162.4-million on schoolbooks, compared to  $
183.8-million in the Senate. House Democrats wanted to shift $ 21-million
slated for community college programs to textbooks to bring the book proposal
in line with the Senate.

But GOP leaders, with help from Logan and black state Rep. Cynthia  Chestnut,
D-Gainesville, blocked those efforts, instead adopting language that  encourages
school districts to use the money already allotted to them for  classroom
materials. Pinellas County, for example, still has $ 3.1-million  unspent in its
book fund.

"Why should school districts not spend money on textbooks when they have  the
dollars?" asked state Rep. Rudy Garcia, R-Hialeah, chairman of the House  budget
committee.

Democrats, who on paper have a 55-65 minority in the House, mustered just  33
votes on the issue compared to 82 on the other side.

House Democrats also tried to shift money to reduce class size and promote
"full-service schools," which provide other services such as health care for
disadvantaged students. And led by state Rep. Les Miller, a black Democrat  from
Tampa who has maintained his devotion to party leaders despite pressure,  the
opposition offered plans to use money from Florida's tobacco settlement  for
child health programs.

In the Senate, debate erupted over the future of a high speed rail project
under study that eventually could move people and cars between Tampa, Orlando
and Miami. State Sen. John Ostalkiewicz failed to block the allocation of more
funds to study the $ 5-billion project.

Other key budget items discussed Friday include:

+ Children's health. Both chambers are proposing increased funding for
children's health insurance, a plan pushed by Chiles. They disagree on using
tobacco money for health programs, with the House proposing to set aside more
than $ 700-million for later use should the economy go sour.

+ Protecting abused children. Both chambers would add up to 200 child
protection workers.

+ College tuition. Both chambers want a 7 percent tuition increase for  in-state
students attending universities and community colleges.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              664 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    June 11, 2005 Saturday ST. PAUL EDITION

CONFERENCE FOCUSES ON BLACK GIVING

BYLINE: DAVE BEAL

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS BEAT; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 851 words


A star minority athlete, still in his early 20s, lands a multimillion-dollar
deal to play for a big-league professional team. Suddenly, he has a windfall,
but little sense of how to invest his newfound fortune or ways to steer it to
worthy causes.

U.S. Bancorp and the Minneapolis Foundation think they have answers. The bank
will manage the money, and the foundation will stand by to advise the athlete on
how best to give some of it away.

Officials from both organizations disclosed their new initiative Friday, at the
biannual meeting of the National Conference on Black Philanthropy in
Minneapolis.

The four-day conference, put on by the National Center for Black Philanthropy,
drew about 300 leaders in blacks' charitable giving from across the country.

The meeting provided insights into the rising tide of such giving, as well as a
demonstration of how the Twin Cities has emerged as a center for leaders in
black philanthropy.

The association is based in Washington, D.C. Its initial regional meeting was
here, but this week marked the first time its national gathering has come to the
Twin Cities.

The Minnesota Council on Foundations devoted much of its quarterly "Giving
Forum" tabloid to the meeting. The quarterly notes that of 13 philanthropic
executives honored by the Association of Black Foundation Executives, three are
from here -- Emmett Carson, Reatha Clark King and Wenda Moore.

Carson, who is president and CEO of the Minneapolis Foundation, co-chaired the
conference. He also is serving as chair of the National Council on Foundations.

The Minnesota Timberwolves' point guard Troy Hudson and John Rice, manager of
the 4XL Foundation, took part in a discussion Friday about the issues facing
sports stars who want to give away some of their money. The 4XL Foundation was
established by Wolves' star Kevin Garnett.

One of Hudson's memorable moments came when he returned to his hometown of
Carbondale, Ill., to entertain youths. At the end of the day, they named a
basketball court for him at the housing project where he grew up.

"It just felt great," he said.

Hudson's attorney, James Morrison, also was on the panel. He said part of his
role is to protect Hudson's intellectual property. For example, Morrison said
that just last week he discovered a "Troy Hudson Foundation" that had nothing to
do with Hudson. Attorneys shut it down.

Garnett's foundation supports more than 3,000 minority students, backs a
computer center in Minneapolis and funds other causes.

"You're constantly having to say 'no,' " said Rice, the manager of the
foundation. "That is often difficult and heart-wrenching at times."

Jacqueline Copeland-Carson, managing director for philanthropic services at U.S.
Bancorp, and Emmett Carson, who is her husband, said in an interview that the
U.S. Bancorp-Minneapolis Foundation initiative will be known as "Signature
Funds."

Emmett Carson said many top athletes "would like the prestige of having a
private foundation without the hassle" of managing the money or getting involved
in the complexities of how to give some of it away.

Copeland-Carson also is a senior fellow at the University of Minnesota's
Humphrey Institute of Public Affairs. Last year, she wrote a book, "Creating
Africa in America," in which she uses U.S. Census data to identify the Twin
Cities area as home to the country's most diverse black population as measured
by the number of countries of origin represented.

Seven major African nations -- Somalia, Ethiopia, Kenya, Liberia, Sierra Leone,
Nigeria and Cameroon -- now have significant populations here, she said, and
many more are represented. Many of these newcomers arrived over the last decade
in a surge of immigration that has taken many by surprise.

Here and elsewhere in the country, blacks are giving more, she said, describing
the change as a shift that picks up on self-help traditions established by
blacks centuries ago within their communities.

"I sort of feel we're going back to the future of African philanthropy," she
said.

John Havens, co-author of a major study on black philanthropy published last
year and a conference attendee, said organized philanthropy has grown up in
recent years to join other modes of giving among blacks.

Havens is associate director of the Center on Wealth and Philanthropy at Boston
College.

The center's study shows that from 1992 to 2001, giving by blacks grew at a
compounded annual average rate of 5.2 percent. That outpaced blacks' growth in
both income (4.0 percent) and wealth (3.9 percent).

Blacks in the U.S. hold $1 trillion or 2.5 percent of the nation's wealth,
Havens said.

"This study shows that there is an emerging group of middle- to upper-income
households headed by blacks," Havens said. "There is great potential for more
black philanthropy."

Where does the money go? Overwhelmingly, to churches.

Havens says churches get 70 to 80 percent of black giving. For the rest of the
population, the churches' share is closer to 50 percent.

Dave Beal can be reached at dbeal@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5429.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 Photos
1) Troy Hudson
2) Emmett Carson

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 19, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

On Tobacco Lobby Lists, Two Unlikely Names;
Black Congressmen Defend Donations

BYLINE: By IAN FISHER

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 41;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk;  Second Front

LENGTH: 1636 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Nov. 17


Representative Edolphus Towns, Democrat of Brooklyn, defends the huge
contributions he receives from tobacco companies this way: He is from Chadbourn,
N.C., the son of sharecroppers who depended on growing tobacco for survival. And
besides, tobacco is a legal product.

Representative Charles B. Rangel, Democrat of Harlem and a fighter to overhaul
the health care system, pleaded ignorance about taking tobacco money, saying he
could not remember being approached by anyone from the industry recently.

"How much money did I get?" he asked in an interview last week. "I can't recall
a nickel, if my life depended on it."

Mr. Towns and Mr. Rangel, black politicians who represent largely black
districts, might appear to be unlikely candidates to accept the tobacco
industry's largess: The death rate from lung disease -- which is mostly caused
by smoking -- is nearly 22 percent higher for blacks than for whites, according
to the American Lung Association. And black and Hispanic leaders, Mr. Rangel
among them, have complained for years that minority neighborhoods are special
targets of tobacco and alcohol advertising.

Yet both men are among the House of Representatives' top 20 recipients of
tobacco money, in a list dominated by politicians from states where tobacco is
grown. From January 1985 through September 1995, the industry gave Mr. Rangel
$49,950 and Mr. Towns $47,680, according to two anti-smoking groups. That was
more than any other New Yorker in the House received, and comparable to the
$53,500 given to House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a Georgian who is considered a
friend of tobacco interests. On the list of New Yorkers, the representative who
comes in third is Thomas J. Manton, Democrat of Queens, who is white, and who
accepted $43,837 over the same period. No one else in the New York delegation
came close to that amount.

Mr. Towns and Mr. Rangel reject outright the contention made by some
anti-smoking groups that black politicians have a particular responsibility to
refuse money from tobacco companies, given the toll that lung disease takes on
blacks.

Indeed, in the men's districts, criticism of their tobacco ties has often been
gentle and behind the scenes, underscoring the conflicting emotions of a larger,
more complex reality about tobacco, race and money: tobacco companies have
become enormous supporters of black organizations -- from dance groups to
housing programs to the National Urban League -- that outside charities often
overlook.

What some consider blood money has become the plasma for others.

"They are putting more and more into supporting the infrastructure, the
lifeblood of these communities," said Dr. Norma J. Goodwin, an internist in
Brooklyn and founder of Health Watch Information and Promotion Service, which
has explored ways for community groups to wean themselves from tobacco money.
"To the extent that they have done so, they have almost silenced or paralyzed
the leadership who would speak out."

Though Mr. Rangel and Mr. Towns have received a similar amount of money, each
has a decidedly different reputation in Congress.

Mr. Towns, elected in 1982 and the former head of the Congressional Black
Caucus, has been such an ardent supporter of the tobacco industry's causes that
he is known on Capitol Hill as "the Marlboro Man," though he has never smoked.

Mr. Rangel, elected in 1970 and who quit a 35-year smoking habit 15 years ago,
has been a favorite of the tobacco interests largely because of his strong
opposition to excise taxes on cigarettes, which he argues penalizes poor people
more than rich people. But he often votes against the industry on other issues.

"Edolphus Towns has a record of supporting the tobacco industry position on
almost every issue that has arisen," said Matthew L. Meyers, counsel to the
Coalition on Smoking or Health. "Even more striking, he has often been a vocal
supporter of the tobacco industry position despite the impact of the tobacco
industry marketing and tobacco consumption in his community."

"Rangel is more complicated," he added. "Excise taxes are more complicated
questions, so when you look for motives one can't simply ignore Rangel's
asserted motive."

Both men, defensive about the issue, vigorously deny the money has ever affected
their votes in Congress or their voices back home. Critics argue that the ties
of money are long if not always immediately seen, as cultural groups in New York
learned last year when Philip Morris executives who had made gifts to them began
calling to urge help in defeating the strict smoking regulations proposed in the
City Council. And tobacco company spokesmen said they typically give to
politicians who support a portion of their agenda.

While Mr. Towns rarely speaks publicly about the issue, he defended his support
of tobacco causes in an interview last week by saying the industry has been a
lifelong friend. He said he began working in tobacco fields when he was 10 or 11
and earned money for college picking tobacco, just as he said the crop elevated
many other black families in tobacco country.

"Many blacks were able to make it because of the tobacco industry," Mr. Towns
said.

Now, he said he would be irresponsible to push off an industry that funnels so
much money into organizations in his district. He characterized tobacco as a
large industry that pays taxes, provides jobs, gives to charity and should be
protected unless there is a plan to help those who would be hurt if the industry
withered.

"Smoking and getting cancer, there is no question about it, it's bad," he said.
"If that happens, it's bad. Let me tell you something else, though, starvation
is bad."

But his critics charge that he is little more than one of the industry's most
reliable tools and that the money insures his loyalty: of a list of 17 key floor
and committee votes on tobacco since 1987, Mr. Towns, a member of the Energy and
Commerce Committee, voted 15 times against the position supported by the
Coalition on Smoking or Health.

Several anti-smoking advocates recalled Mr. Towns's posture in hearings in June
1989 on measures to extend the smoking ban on domestic flights of two hours or
less. After flight attendants testified about the health problems caused by
years of working in smoking sections, Mr. Towns took the microphone:

"Let me say, first of all, for someone who has been flying twenty-some years,
smoke hasn't bothered you very much, you look pretty good," he told the flight
attendants, according to a transcript of the hearing.

He then raised questions about the ban by recounting a flight he had taken to
Atlanta when a fellow passenger started playing a harp.

"Finally after about 15 minutes of that I said to him: 'You know, look, this is
no concert. This is a flight and I would appreciate it if you would refrain from
making the noise.'

"And, of course, he responded by saying: 'What the hell do you want from me? I
am not allowed to smoke, and I have to do something or else I am going to go
crazy,' " Mr. Towns said. "Don't you think a lot of incidents will occur if you
do not allow people the right to smoke?"

After the industry threw its support behind the two-hour ban, Mr. Towns
introduced an amendment to make it permanent.

Mr. Towns also opposed a bill last year to ban smoking in most public places in
the nation, voting against it in a subcommittee of the Energy and Commerce
Committee. Congressional finance records show that on the day before the
subcommittee vote, May 11, Mr. Towns received $4,500 from the RJ Reynolds
political action committee. Within five days after the vote, he received an
additional $2,000 from other tobacco political action committees.

In the interview, Mr. Towns did not deny receiving the money but said he did not
know about it at the time, because the contributions were handled by his New
York office. And in general, he said, "If I didn't get a dime from the tobacco
industry, my views on this would be the same."

For Rangel, the picture has been more cloudy: In a list of nine key tobacco
votes, Mr. Rangel voted in step with the Coalition on Smoking or Health's
recommendations five times, and two of his opposing votes concerned excise
taxes. Last year, he softened his position somewhat by saying that he could
support an increase in the cigarette excise tax, but only as a way to pay for
national health care.

"I am violently opposed to excise taxes and the only time that I even thought
about changing my mind -- and did -- was connected to the health bill because I
know there is a connection between lung cancer and illnesses and smoking," he
said.

Many anti-smoking activists say they have detected a shift in Mr. Rangel's
attitude in recent years, possibly in reaction, they suggested, to criticism he
has received for taking the industry's money. He was a co-sponsor, for example,
of the same ban on smoking in public buildings bill that Mr. Towns had opposed.

But Mr. Rangel said he has not changed at all, and has often supported measures
the tobacco industry did not like, including the bans on smoking on airplane
flights and the addition of warning labels on cigarette packages.

He said, however, that tobacco money had never affected a single vote, and that
he had not met with anyone from the tobacco industry in years and did not keep
track of how much he received. He dismissed any suggestion of returning it.

"I'm not going to track down contributors and say: 'You make your money selling
cigarettes and I'm not going to take your money,' " he said. "Because these
people sell everything. I can't separate what money comes from selling tobacco
and what comes from selling baby food," referring to companies like RJR Nabisco
that have branched out into other products.

"I'm not that strong-willed," Rangel said.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Charles B. Rangel, among other Congressmen, has complained that
minority neighborhoods are special targets of tobacco. Yet he is among the House
of Representatives' top recipients of tobacco money. On West 126 Street in
Harlem, Mr. Rangel's district, a smoker walked past a store yesterday. (Pg. 49)
(Chang W. Lee/The New York Times)

Chart listing by dollar amount U. S. Representatives who received money from the
Tobacco Industry.

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              666 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 10, 1991, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Tuskegee Announces Effort to Raise $150 Million

BYLINE: By LEE A. DANIELS

SECTION: Section 1; Page 34; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 674 words


Tuskegee University, one of the nation's most prominent historically black
colleges, is seeking $150 million in donations by the year 2000 in the largest
fund-raising effort any black college has ever attempted.

Officials of Tuskegee, founded in Alabama a century ago by Booker T.
Washington,, announced the campaign at a luncheon on Wednesday in New York.

"We know it's not going to be easy," said Benjamin F. Payton, the university's
president. "It's a monumental challenge for us, but we can't wait for the
recession to end to attack the needs we have."

Dr. Payton and Andrew F. Brimmer, who is chairman of the board of trustees, said
Tuskegee had already received $54 million in gifts and pledges as part of the
campaign, begun in 1989. Colleges and universities typically begin raising money
two or three years before they announce a campaign.

Tuskegee's effort comes as the United Negro College Fund, the consortium of 41
historically black private colleges and universities, is itself in the middle of
its largest-ever capital campaign, a $250 million drive. That effort's kickoff,
last year, drew widespread attention when Walter Annenberg, the financier and
former Ambassador to Britain, pledged $50 million.

But officials of Tuskegee and of the College Fund, to which Tuskegee belongs,
said they saw no conflict in the two campaigns. Dr. Payton said Tuskegee would
continue to receive money from the College Fund throughout its own campaign.

"They're raising $250 million for 41 schools, and we support them
wholeheartedly," he said. "We're raising money for ourselves and they support
us. We believe, as they do, that the more each individual institution does, the
easier it will be for all to benefit."

Dr. Payton said the money Tuskegee is seeking would be used for campus buildings
and equipment, endowments for faculty chairs and research, student scholarships
and general operating expenses.

Tuskegee's curriculum emphasizes business, scientific and technical courses, a
legacy of Mr. Washington and of George Washington Carver, the Tuskegee professor
and scientist who became famous for, among other things, his discoveries of the
many uses of the peanut and sweet potato.

Trading on Value

Education and fund raising experts agreed with Dr. Payton's assessment, saying
there was no reason to believe that the College Fund and Tuskegee would be
competing for the same philanthropic dollars. Charles V. Willie, a professor at
the Harvard Graduate School of Education, said Tuskegee "is pioneering in what
other black colleges have to do: take the issue of their value to the larger
society through fund-raising campaigns."

Dr. Willie added: "Tuskegee's courage in launching this big a campaign at the
same time as the U.N.C.F. demonstrates how chronically under-funded black
colleges have been. It's a challege to Tuskegee, sure. But it's also a challenge
to the nation, because these colleges have to be supported for the good they do
America."

Tuskegee's goal puts it in rarified company, according to George A. Brakeley 3d,
a fund raising consultant. He noted that roughly 30 colleges and universities
have begun efforts to raise more than $250 million each and that at least 50 are
aiming for between $100 million and $250 million. Eight have set goals of $1
billion or more.

Mr. Brakeley, president of Brakeley John Price Jones of Stamford, Conn., added
that, despite the recession, Tuskegee's "landmark campaign makes perfect sense"
for three reasons.

'An Emotional Decision'

"First," he said, "their needs aren't going to go away because of the recession.
Indeed, they'll get more pressing if they leave them to fester. Secondly, the
kind of big givers a campaign like this needs aren't affected by these economic
downturns. They can draw from deep wells." And, he said: "Giving to a college or
university is as much an emotional decision as a financial one. If the
institution says it has a need, and says it in the right ways, alumni and
non-alumni donors are going to give."

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              667 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 30, 2010 Saturday

BRIEF: Spencer Black Run to raise money for Blue Springs

BYLINE: Jean Cole, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 273 words


Oct. 30--The T-shirt alone is enough reason to get Limestone County residents to
register for the Spencer Black 5K and 1 Mile Fun Run. The 250 runners or walkers
who register for the event will get one.

Here are two other reasons:

--The Nov. 20 event will raise money for physical education and fitness
equipment for Blue Springs Elementary and Clements High School.

--The event will honor Black, the late Limestone County Emergency Management
director who died earlier this year and who was instrumental in helping raise
money for Blue Springs playground.

"Runners and walkers for either the 5K or 1 mile fun run are being encouraged to
come out and support this communitywide charity event," said Gary Van Wagnen,
who is spearheading fundraising for the schools. "The funds raised will be used
to complete the school and community fitness trail and assist with the building
of the eight-lane competition running track, which is being planned at the site
of Blue Springs Elementary School."

For more information and registration forms, go online to www.clementshigh.org,
www.bluespringselem.org, call Cole Mitchell at (256) 729-4092, ext. 2137, or
send him e-mail at Cole.Mitchell@lcsk12.org

To see more of The News Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.enewscourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101030-XN-BRF-Spencer-Black-Run-to-raise-money
-for-Blue-Springs-1030-20101030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2010 The News Courier


                              668 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 11, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Pair helps firms work on diversity

BYLINE: Blair S. Walker

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 609 words


Floyd and Jacqueline Dickens, authors of The Black Manager: Making It in the
Corporate World, make a living by telling U.S. corporations how to manage
cultural diversity. The Dickenses wouldn't mind if their services were
miraculously no longer needed.

"The sad thing about it is, this whole issue of cultural diversity is not going
to go away," says Jacqueline Dickens, who's been in business with her husband
for 29 years. "Floyd and I are really committed to making a difference in this
area."

They're also making their business a success. Their Cincinnati-based
diversity-training business, 21st Century Management Services, generated more
than $ 1 million in revenue last year. That's enough that they brought in
daughter Daphne as chief financial officer to manage the money.

Frito-Lay, Pepsi and Procter & Gamble have been clients. And the Dickenses
recently started using a satellite link to reach more businesses.

The Dickenses worked hard to establish 21st Century and endured lean times to
keep it going. But their introduction to book writing was pure happenstance. The
Black Manager stemmed from a paper on black executives in corporate America
written by Jacqueline Dickens while earning her master's degree in social work
from Ohio State University.

A professor suggested that she continue her research and turn the paper into a
book. She and her husband did, interviewing scores of successful black
executives.  The resulting 446 pages are full of strategies and tips for
entering the corporate fast track. The book, published in 1982, did well enough
to merit a revised edition in 1991.

But all the while, running 21st Century has been the Dickenses' No. 1 objective.
"You don't focus on changing people's attitudes, you focus on changing the
behavior of people," says Floyd Dickens, who was an executive with Procter &
Gamble for 21 years. "I can manage your behavior; I can't manage your attitude.

"The endgame is increasing productivity and creativity."

The methodis simple: The Dickenses get 35 to 50 employees together in a room,
usually rank-and-file workers and their supervisors. Discussion is encouraged;
differences in outlook and values emerge, are confronted and are analyzed.
Role-playing exercises help employees walk a mile in the shoes of someone
different, specifically someone they've butted heads with.

That approach "helps companies understand the business value of investing in
diversity," says Brad Thomas, director of organization development for
Pepsi-Cola North America, a 21st Century client.

Clients of 21st Century get six diversity sessions over two days. Session titles
include "Making Diversity Profitable" and "Using the Added Value of Cultural
Differences."

The Dickenses say it's foolish to pretend that people of different ethnic
backgrounds perceive and react to the world the same way. The couple uses a
hypothetical corporate project to illustrate different approaches of
African-American, white and Asian-American employees. According to the
Dickenses:

- African-Americans tend to want a general description of the project and
investigate several options for finishing it.

- Whites tend to want a precise description of the steps to bring the project to
fruition.

- Asian-Americans tend to want a detailed description of the finished project,
then want the project to perfectly match that description.

Asked if that approach is stereotypical, Jacqueline Dickens says she and her
husband rely on generalizations. "Sterotypes are fixed images without
variation," she says. "Generalizations are neutral, contain no value judgments
and have to do with what you observe."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jim Calloway

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              669 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 15, 2013 Thursday

Alabama: Man arrested after falsely claiming 2 black men robbed him, Mobile
police say

LENGTH: 287  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


Alabama Media Group, The State of Albama has issued the following news release:

A pizza delivery man is behind bars after police say he falsely claimed to have
been robbed of his employer's money by two black men on Thursday.

Jared Miller, 40, is facing one count each of filing a false report and
third-degree theft after he admitted to taking an undisclosed amount of money
from a local Hungry Howie's, said Ashley Rains, public information officer for
the Mobile Police Department.

Miller arrived at MPD Headquarters around 12:45 p.m. and asked if he could speak
with officers about a robbery earlier in the day, Rains said.

He told investigators he had been delivering pizzas when two black men stole
money he had taken from customers, police said. He provided investigators with
descriptions of the supposed robbers before officers started noticing
inconsistencies in his story.

"He actually did admit that he had indeed used the money from Hungry Howie's and
that he made up the story of being robbed," Rains said. "This is something that
is serious to police because we had put out descriptions of these suspects."

While a police officer escorted him to waiting patrol car en route to Mobile
County Metro Jail, Miller confirmed he had lied about the robbery. He said he
was suffering through money problems and that he felt bad about wasting tax
payer time and money.

"It's such a waste of department resources," Rains said. "It takes police
officers away from people who actually need them."

It's not uncommon for officers to be sent on similar unfounded calls, Rains
said, although it isn't an everyday occurrence.

Miller has no known previous arrests in Mobile County.

For further information please visit: http://blog.al.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 26, 1992, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Skiing brotherhood hits slopes for minorities

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 199 words


The National Brotherhood of Skiers has begun its 1992 week-long ski vacation.

More than 2,000 members of the mostly black group are skiing at Copper Mountain,
Colo., to raise money to help minorities win berths on the U.S. Ski Team.

The NBS, which kicked off its ''Mini Summit'' Saturday, is an organization in
which black people from all walks of life and educational levels get together to
have a good time and raise money for black youth, said Denver attorney Wallace
Wortham.

''The irony is that the nation is just becoming aware of the fact that black
folks are skiing in large numbers,'' he said.

But Colorado is well aware of the group and wants the National Brotherhood to
consider the state home.

''You can count on us working hard to keep them in Colorado for every meeting,''
said Charles Rutland, aide to Denver Mayor Wellington Webb.

The group was founded in February 1973 in Aspen, Colo., and has become the
largest ski club in the world with 72 clubs in 62 cities and 22 states and a
membership of more than 14,000.

Next, year NBS will celebrate its 20th anniversary at Vail, Colo. More than
6,000 skiers are expected to attend, said NBS President Sam Lawler.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sportstalk

                      Copyright 1992 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              671 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             National Post (Canada)

                    October 1, 2002 Tuesday Toronto Edition

Soriano 'an absolute bargain' at US$630,00: Big salaries don't necessarily add
up to winning statistics

SOURCE: Bloomberg News

SECTION: Sports; Money Talks; Pg. S4

LENGTH: 663 words

What makes New York Yankees second baseman Alfonso Soriano a bargain and Boston
outfielder Manny Ramirez a bust?

More than anything, it's money.

"Every general manager's charge is to build a championship club at the lowest
possible cost," said New York Yankees general manager Brian Cashman.

To compute the value of Soriano and other major leaguers, Bloomberg News
compared salaries and statistics.

Soriano's rankings in five offensive categories were compared with his rank in
salary among major- league second basemen.

He batted .300 with 39 home runs, 102 RBI and 41 stolen bases, averaging second
when rankings for all the categories were combined. His US$630,000 salary was
11th-highest of the 17 second basemen in the survey.

"He was an amazing sparkplug with power and blazing speed and an absolute
bargain," Cashman said. "He'll get some MVP votes."

Ramirez, meanwhile, won the American League batting title with a .349 average,
but he was rated third-lowest among outfielders because of his US$15.5-million
salary, highest among outfielders.

Starting pitchers were evaluated by salary, winning percentage, ERA, innings
pitched, walks and hits allowed per inning. With relievers, the criteria
consisted of ERA, saves, walks and hits allowed per inning.

MONEY TALKS:

ALL-BARGAIN TEAMS

NATIONAL LEAGUE

Position player, team salary average HR RBI SB

C Paul Lo Duca , Los Angeles $550,000* .281 10 64 3

1B Todd Helton, Colorado $5-million .329 30 109 5

2B Junior Spivey, Arizona $220,000 .301 16 78 11

3B Aaron Boone, Cincinnati $2.1-million .241 26 87 32

SS Jimmy Rollins, Philadelphia $360,000 .245 11 60 31

OF Lance Berkman , Houston $500,000 .292 42 128 8

OF Albert Pujols, St. Louis $600,000 .314 34 127 2

OF Adam Dunn, Cincinnati $250,000 .249 26 71 19

W-L ERA Saves

SP Roy Oswalt, Houston $300,000 19-9 3.01 --

RP Eric Gagne, Los Angeles $300,000 4-1 1.97 52

AMERICAN LEAGUE

Position player, team salary average HR RBI SB

C A.J. Pierzynski, Minnesota $250,000 .300 6 49 1

1B Scott Spiezio, Anaheim $2.3-million .285 12 82 6

2B Alfonso Soriano, N.Y. Yankees $630,000 .300 39 102 41

3B Eric Hinske, Toronto $200,000 .279 24 84 13

SS David Eckstein, Anaheim $280,000 .293 8 63 21

OF Jacque Jones, Minnesota $310,000 .300 27 85 6

OF Vernon Wells, Toronto $220,000 .275 23 100 9

OF Torii Hunter, Minnesota $2.4-million .289 29 94 23

W-L ERA Saves

SP Barry Zito, Oakland $300,000 23-5 2.75 --

RP Jorge Julio, Baltimore $220,000 5-6 1.99 25

ALL-BUST TEAMS

NATIONAL LEAGUE

Position player, team salary average HR RBI SB

C Mike Lieberthal, Philadelphia $7.3-million .279 15 52 0

1B Mo Vaughn, N.Y. Mets $12.2-million .259 26 72 0

2B Mark Grudzielanek, Los Angeles $5.0-million .271 9 50 4

3B Todd Zeile, Colorado $6.8-million .273 18 87 1

SS Barry Larkin, Cincinnati $9.0-million .245 7 47 13

OF Jeffrey Hammonds, Milwaukee $7.5-million .257 9 41 4

OF Jeromy Burnitz, N.Y. Mets $7.2-million .257 19 54 10

OF Brian Jordan, Los Angeles $6.6-million .285 18 80 2

W-L ERA Saves

SP Mike Hampton , Colorado $9.5-million 7-15 6.15 --

RP Alphonso Alfonseca, Chi. Cubs $3.6-million 2-5 4.00 19

AMERICAN LEAGUE

Position player, team salary average HR RBI SB

C Ivan Rodriguez, Texas $9.6-million .314 19 60 5

1B Carlos Delgado, Toronto $19.4-million .277 33 108 1

2B Bret Boone , Seattle $8.0-million .278 24 107 12

3B Jeff Cirillo, Seattle $6.4-million .249 6 54 8

SS Neifi Perez, Kansas City $4.1-million .272 3 37 8

OF Manny Ramirez, Boston $15.5-million .349 33 107 0

OF Jermaine Dye, Oakland $7.2-million .252 24 86 2

OF Raul Mondesi, N.Y. Yankees $11.0-million .232 26 88 15

W-L ERA Saves

SP Kevin Appier, Anaheim $9.5 -million 14-12 3.92 --

RP Roberto Hernandez, Kansas City $6.0-million 1-3 4.33 26

* All salaries in U.S. currency

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo: Ray Stubblebine, Reuters; Despite a stellar season
with 38 home runs and 108 RBI, the Blue Jays' Carlos Delgado was no bargain due
to his US$19.4-million salary. By comparison, for a mere US$220,000, the club
got 23 homers and 100 RBI out of Vernon Wells.; Black & White Photo: Paul
Chiasson, The Canadian Press; BARGAIN: Los Angeles Dodgers' reliever Eric Gagne
had 52 saves this season for US$300,000.; Black & White Photo: John Froschauer,
The Associated Press; BARGAIN: The Yankees' Alfonso Soriano has been an
offensive sparkplug with 39 home runs and 102 RBI.; Black & White Photo:
Lawrence Jackson, The Associated Press; BUST: Mo Vaughn has been a large
disappointment for the Mets, who paid him US$12.2-million.; Black & White Photo:
Andrew Wallace, Reuters; BUST: Boston's Manny Ramirez won the AL batting title
but was rated third lowest among outfielders.; Table: Money Talks: (Online)

TYPE: Sports

               Copyright 2002 National Post, All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 20, 1998, Sunday, Final Edition

Building a Rich Culture; Minorities Need to Put Their Growing Wealth to Work,
Book Says

Michelle Singletary

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. H02; THE COLOR OF MONEY

LENGTH: 1009 words


I'm tired of people saying that most black people are poor.

It's not true. We have money just like everybody else. We just haven't had it as
long.

Charles Gonzalez feels the same way about how Latinos are viewed. Gonzalez, who
is a New York-based financial adviser and second-generation Cuban American, has
written a new book called "Yes You Can!, Si!, Se Puede: Every Latino's Guide to
Building Family Wealth."

I read it and thought oh, so it's not just a black thing. We're not the only
ones trying to catch up.

"It used to be that nobody in Anglo America believed that Latinos would ever be
anything but poor," Gonzalez writes. "It's no longer a question about if Latino
Americans will ever succeed in this country; it's merely a question of how fast
our rate of growth will be."

Go on and preach.

Gonzalez, 44, joins a growing number of religious leaders, personal finance
advisers and financial firms trying to educate various ethnic groups about the
investing world as more of them join the middle class.

In September I wrote about how many black activists, preachers and politicians
are preaching to blacks the gospel of investing. In the fall, the Coalition of
Black Investors held its first annual conference here in Washington. In fact,
Jesse L. Jackson has been on a crusade for more than a year to expose blacks in
the ways and means of saving and investing.

Now Gonzalez is taking that same message to Latinos. He wants to get the word
out that they, too, can have a nice slice of the American money pie.

I think this kind of appeal to specific ethnic groups is badly needed. For too
long mainstream financial companies have relied on stereotypes in ruling out
blacks and Latinos out as potential players in the investment arena.

It's true that Latinos, like blacks, are more conservative investors and as a
result have limited investing experience. Latinos typically prefer the safety of
simple savings accounts or stashes of cash. Many mistrust financial
institutions, Gonzalez said.

Even Gonzalez points out that studies have shown that, among Americans 50 and
older, the average household has accumulated a net worth of more than $ 100,000
-- and yet older Latino households average less than $ 20,000. Fully one-third
of older Latino households have no accumulated assets at all.

However:

The buying power of Latinos is growing at three times the national average, and
it is estimated that it will exceed $ 500 billion by the year 2000.

Forty-four percent of Latinos are middle-class.

One-third of Hispanic adults have annual incomes of more than $ 30,000, and 13
percent have incomes above $ 50,000.

More than 10 percent of Latinos own their own business. The rate of Latino
business start-ups is three times the American average.

What's limiting Hispanics -- as with blacks -- is the community's low rate of
wealth creation, said Gonzalez, who has a MBA in international finance from
George Washington University. To earn good money is not necessarily to have good
money.

"We tend to think too much about our present earned income and not enough about
building up wealth," Gonzalez writes. He says he wrote "Si!, Se Puede," which
was the rallying cry of Cesar Chavez and his farm-worker movement, with the
specific purpose of inspiring Latinos to take the next step toward real wealth
accumulation.

There isn't any financial advice that would be different for Latinos, Gonzalez
said. Instead what they need is a push toward good financial skills and
investment strategies that are likely to increase their net worth.

"This book is intended to be a life guide for Latinos," Gonzalez said recently
while in Washington to promote his book. "It's all about economic empowerment."

It's also about asset diversification, he said.

For example, like many Americans, Latinos see real estate investing as a way to
become financially secure, Gonzalez writes. But beginning in 1997, for the first
time, the biggest share of American household wealth was held in stocks. By 1997
four out of 10 American households were invested in at least one mutual fund.

Hispanics have been largely left out of this shift in wealth. Only 4 percent own
mutual funds.

Most of what Gonzalez says is basic stuff. He tells people how to buy insurance,
invest in mutual funds or get out of debt.

But what's fascinating to me is that somebody else out there is moving on up,
ready to take advantage of financial opportunities previously enjoyed largely by
white Americans.

Michelle Singletary's column appears in this section every Sunday. Join her for
an online chat tomorrow at 1 p.m. at washingtonpost.com. She will also be
talking about minority investing tomorrow on the "Insight" program with Herman
Washington on WHUR (96.3-FM) at 6:40 p.m. Her e-mail address is singletarym
washpost.com. Readers can write to her at The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW,
Washington, D.C. 20071.

A Little Bookkeeping

Book Title: "Yes You Can!, Si! Se Puede: Every Latino's Guide to Building Family
Wealth"

Price: $ 15.95

Author: Charles Gonzalez with Jim Reichert and Peter Caldwell

Publisher: Chandler House Press

Overall rating: (with $ being the lowest rating and $ the highest)

Readability: The financial principles are basic, but that makes this book easy
to follow.

Worth highlighting: The first half of the book is full of interesting statistics
and historical information about Latinos.

Most useful chapter: Check out the resource section. I always love it when
authors take the time to list useful telephone numbers, addresses and Web sites.
Latino parents will also find the chapter on funding college education helpful,
particularly the section that lists scholarships for Latino students. Financial
adviser Charles Gonzalez, author of "Yes You Can!, Si!, Se Puede: Every Latino's
Guide to Building Family Wealth," talks with some of the people who turned out
for his book-signing at Vertigo Books in the District. The author and those at
his book-signing toast before leaving.


LOAD-DATE: December 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,ROBERT A. REEDER

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              673 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday

Snow or no, Blizzard Tour and Twins raise money for a cause

BYLINE: Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 323 words


Feb. 02--The Black Woods Blizzard Tour is riding on, even with little snow on
the ground.

The 13th annual event officially kicks off this morning, but celebrity hosts Ron
Gardenhire, Terry Steinbach, Kent Hrbek and Joe Vavra of the Minnesota Twins
were at Black Woods in Proctor on Wednesday night to greet the media and
participants in the snowmobile fundraiser for amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,
commonly called Lou Gehrig's Disease.

Both Steinbach and Hrbek lost their fathers to ALS.

With a lack of snow and poor trail conditions this year, the ride has been
modified, with participants either completing a short ride around Lake Vermilion
or taking part in the official Black Woods Blizzard Tour Games at Fortune Bay
Resort and Casino.

"We couldn't be more thrilled," event organizer Bryan Flaherty of Black Woods
Grill and Bar said in a news release. "To see the generosity of our tour riders,
of those who made pledges, and of all Northlanders is really heartwarming,
especially this year with so little snow. Everyone still wants to come on the
tour and raise money for ALS."

The games will consist of teams competing in a variety of activities, including
bocce ball, pool, table tennis, Foosball, basketball and bean bag toss. The
winners will be crowned at the closing night banquet at 4:30 p.m. Saturday at
Greysolon Ballroom in downtown Duluth.

This year's tour includes 200 participants from eight states. Last year's event
raised more than $650,000, a tour record, and this year the goal is to top
$750,000.

"It's a highlight of the winter for us," said Gardenhire, who will be joined by
his wife on the tour. "We leave for spring training pretty much right when the
ride is over, so it's a great time to relax, talk some baseball and raise money
for this worthy cause."

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120202-DU-Snow-or-no-Blizzard-Tour-and-Twins-raise-money
-for-a-cause-0202-20120202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              674 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 9, 1991, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Judge Indicted in New Orleans Bribery Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 11; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 475 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, Feb. 8


A Federal district judge here was indicted today on charges of sharing a
$100,000 bribe from a drug-trafficking defendant who was working as an F.B.I.
informer.

The 60-year-old judge, Robert F. Collins, was charged by a Federal grand jury
with bribery, obstruction of justice and conspiracy. He faces a maximum sentence
of 25 years in prison and a $750,000 fine if convicted of all counts.

Judge Collins, who became one of the first black Federal judges in the Deep
South when he was appointed in 1978 by President Jimmy Carter, maintained his
innocence in a statement read by his lawyer.

He called the charges "nothing more than a blatant attempt by a twice-convicted
dope dealer, aided and abetted by Government agents, to set up a black Federal
judge." The statement accused the Government of making targets of black
officials around the country in an effort to discredit them.

In part because that charge of Government racism had been made with increasing
frequency by civil rights leaders, Attorney General Dick Thornburgh and William
S. Sessions, director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, personally
reviewed plans for the investigation of Judge Collins, according to officials
who were interviewed when the inquiry became publicly known last September.

Today the Justice Department again denied making special targets of black
officials. "We simply go where the evidence takes us," said Doug Tillett, a
spokesman for the department.

Drug Trafficking Case

The case against Judge Collins involves Gary Young, a drug trafficker who was
indicted last year on charges of conspiring to smuggle more than a ton of
marijuana from the Caribbean to Louisiana.

According to today's indictment, Judge Collins conveyed through intermediaries
to Mr. Young, who was prepared to plead guilty, that the presentence report of a
probation officer recommended a prison term of eight years but that the judge
would be more lenient if Mr. Young paid $100,000. The indictment says that
Federal agents provided the money to Mr. Young, who by then was cooperating with
the authorities, and that he gave it to an intermediary, John H. Ross, a
businessman who serves on two New Orleans municipal boards.

It is unclear from the charges what part of the money Mr. Ross may have kept and
what part may have been passed on to Judge Collins. But last Aug. 8 the judge
sentenced Mr. Young to three and a half years in prison, and two days later
Federal agents searching the judge's chambers found $16,500 of the money, whose
serial numbers they had recorded.

Mr. Ross was also indicted today, charged with the same crimes as Judge Collins.
Like the judge, Mr. Ross is black, and his lawyer, S. C. Garcia, said the case
would "showcase the Government going far beyond the boundaries of fair play to
target two respected black officials."

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              675 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 8, 1994, Tuesday

Around the South Does civil rights giant have feet of clay?

BYLINE: By Jim Yardley STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 3

LENGTH: 805 words


Accusations: The Southern Poverty Law Center is criticized over its racial
climate and its finances.

Montgomery, Ala. - The Southern Poverty Law Center, one of the nation's most
successful and well-known civil rights organizations, finds itself accused of
hypocrisy and discrimination.

From its hilltop vantage point on Washington Avenue, the sleek law center always
seemed secure on the high moral ground in this backbiting capital city. Led by
co-founder Morris Dees, the 23-year-old SPLC has championed equal rights with
courtroom victories against hate groups such as the Ku Klux Klan and the White
Aryan Resistance.

Last month, however, The Montgomery Advertiser published an extensive eight-part
series criticizing the law center for, among other things, its racial climate
and its methods of raising and spending money.

Dees, who years ago sued the newspaper over its then-segregated bridal pages,
called the series misleading and in many cases inaccurate. "It's kind of like
the National Enquirer," Dees said. "The Advertiser, for numerous reasons I won't
go into, has real axes to grind with the center."

The heart of the series focused on two areas:

The law center has hired 14 lawyers since opening in 1971, only two of whom were
black. Both left unhappy. Of the SPLC's current staff, none of the four lawyers
are black, and the organization has only one black department head. The
Advertiser interviewed 12 former black employees, and among their criticisms of
the law center were allegations of racial slurs and a "paternalistic attitude."

Since Aug. 1, 1984, the Advertiser reported, the law center spent only $ 21
million of its $ 62 million in contributions on legal work and other programs.
Much of the money went for more fund raising or into an endowment, which has
grown to $ 52 million. The newspaper quoted six donors who were unaware of the
large endowment.

The Advertiser also suggested that SPLC fund-raising mailings exaggerated the
threat of the Klan to spur contributions. "The market is still wide open for the
product, which is black pain and white guilt," Gloria Browne, one of SPLC's
former black attorneys, told the paper.

"Nothing in the series we did alleges corruption, wrongdoing or illegalities,"
said Advertiser Executive Editor Bill Brown. Instead, Brown called the series a
legitimate probe into the ethics and finances of the law center.

Richard Cohen, the law center's legal director, said the SPLC has never hidden
its endowment from its donors. He provided copies of donor newsletters
discussing the law center's goal of a $ 100 million endowment. Once the goal is
reached, Cohen said, the endowment will allow the law center to continue its
programs and discontinue fund raising.

Cohen also said the law center spent $ 31 million on programs and legal work,
not $ 21 million, as the Advertiser reported. The higher figure includes
"educational" information mailed with donor solicitations. Even using the higher
number, the law center only barely passed the Better Business Bureau's
recommendation that charities spend at least 50 percent of their contributions
on actual programs. Cohen pointed out that much of the money deposited in the
endowment, though not listed as current program expenditures, will pay for
future program costs.

Daniel Borochoff, head of the American Institute of Philanthropy, a charity
watchdog group, said most donors expect charities to use contributions promptly.
Because of this, the AIP gave the Law Center an "F" rating for "excessive"
reserves. But Borochoff said the rating "in no way reflects on the value or
quality of their program."

Perhaps charges of racial problems at SPLC sting most. When many lawyers avoided
civil rights work, the SPLC won high-profile judgments against the Klan and
smaller cases such as integration of Montgomery swimming pools. Last week,
representing the Southern Christian Leadership Conference, Cohen won a federal
appeals court decision that could lead to more blacks' winning judgeships in
Alabama. In 1993, the SPLC produced and distributed 200,000 free copies of its
Teaching Tolerance magazine to teachers.

Cohen said he has never heard racial slurs at the office but said it's possible.
As for hiring only two black lawyers, a 14 percent ratio, Cohen said, "Compared
to the national pool of black lawyers, it's probably a pretty good number.
Nationwide, about 3 to 4 percent of the attorneys in the country are black."

The controversy has divided many black politicians. State Rep. John Rogers of
Birmingham told The Associated Press that the SPLC was becoming a "money
machine."

But state Rep. Bobbie McDowell of Bessemer disagreed. "I'm result- oriented,"
she said, "and if they get the results they've been getting, I don't care who
you hire, and I don't think it should be an issue."

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940700346

GRAPHIC: Line graph: A civil rights groups financial picture The Southern
Poverty Law Center has a goal of acheiving a $ 100 million reserve fund, which
has grown dramatically since the early 1980s. *Reserve figures for 1982-84
unavailable. **revenue figures for 1994 unavailable. Chart: Charities with large
reserves The American Institute of Philanthropy in 1993 calculated how long
organizations could operate if they did not raise another cent by spending their
reserve funds. Groups rated at 5 years or more were..given an F. 1. Shriners
Hospital for Crippled Children................13.5 years 2. Cal Farley's Boys
Ranch and Girls Camp............... 11.5 years 3. Omaha Club for
boys....................................11.3 years 4. Southern Poverty Law
Center........................... 6.7 years 5. Cedars Home for Children
foundation................... 6.5 years 6. Boys Town / Father Flanagan's Boys
Home............... 5.9 years 7. Save the Redwoods
League................................4.4 years 8. Fresh Air
Fund..........................................4.2 years 9. Council on Foreign
Relations............................3.8 years 10. Will Rogers Memorial
Fund..............................3.7 years Note: The years of operation are
calculated by subtracting land and equipment cost from total assets and dividing
the remainder by the amount spent in the annual operating budget. Source:
American Institute on Philanthropy STEPHEN CAMPER / Staff Sources: Montgomery
Advertiser, Internal Revenue Service, Amercian Institute for Philanthropy photo:
mug of Morris Dees

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              676 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           September 21, 2008 Sunday

All Blacks: Travelling show may hurt image

SECTION: SPORT; General

LENGTH: 565 words


Hong Kong, Denver, Dubai, Shanghai, Miami, New York, Tokyo - the New Zealand
Rugby Union has no shortage of exotic venues in which to play All Black tests.

In time, it is likely the All Blacks will play them all, starting with Hong Kong
in November and Denver, either November next year or in 2010.

And they will play them all for no reason other than naked greed - throwing up
questions about whether the All Black brand will survive the next few years
untainted.

There is something truly unbecoming about seeing a sports team paraded around
the world like dogs at a show performing for treats.

NZRU chief executive Steve Tew says playing tests on neutral soil is not just
about money. "We have an obligation to grow the game," he says. "We have a
strategy to help achieve growth in the game and to play meaningful games in new
markets."

Roughly translated that means there is this belief that seeing an All Black test
in Hong Kong will inspire thousands of youngsters in that region to pick up a
rugby ball. That interest will increase after seeing how the game can be played.

It is not clear what area the NZRU thinks it is going to inspire. The expat
communities of Hong Kong who will make up the majority of the crowd and who are
familiar with the sport?

Or is mainland China the real target - and if so, why not play in Shanghai or at
an empty and underused Olympic stadium in Beijing?

Detail is vague because the match is not to showcase the sport - it is to make
money and expose the All Black sponsors in different, bigger markets.

Any growth of the game in new markets will be welcome - as that will create
bigger commercial opportunities further down the track.

Tew says Hong Kong came about because both New Zealand and Australia felt there
was a commercial opportunity there so they chased it.

The Denver proposal is different - the Americans came forward with the plan.
Denver is on a mission to become the sporting capital of the world and thought
staging an All Black test at the Mile High Stadium would help it achieve its
goal.

The proposition carries no financial risk for the NZRU. They will simply name a
fee which, even if ticket sales bomb or no broadcaster jumps on board, means
they still get paid.

The proposal is not without risk as it won't look good for the All Black brand
to play in a half-empty stadium.

The bigger picture must also be considered - how many tests can the All Blacks
play in a year and what does it do for their image if they continually agree to
play for money?

"We have to be careful about overplaying tests," says Tew.

"There is also the question of how many times we can play Australia for the
Bledisloe Cup.

"Some people say playing extra tests is the easy option but the All Blacks are
the highest priced commodity we have and we have to get exposure for our
sponsors."

If the Denver proposal doesn't come off, there are other options in the US. A
game against Ireland in either Boston or New York is a possibility in 2010 and
USA Rugby are interested in seeing the sport grow in Miami.

Dubai has made several offers to stage tests and Super 14 games and would love
to host the All Blacks. The Gulf State is not short of money.

Tew says they have to be careful about the number of tests they play so as they
don't saturate the market.

As the All Blacks are to play 15 tests this year, it could well be argued they
have already gone well beyond saturation point.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 5, 1989, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Racism: Affluence no escape

BYLINE: LaBarbara Bowman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 338 words


''Affluent blacks are much more likely to be in integrated circles and have a
great deal more contact with whites,'' said Shelby Steele, a San Jose State
University professor who is writing a book on race.

''Those in the higher-income bracket come into contact with whites more often,''
said Niara Sudarkasa, president of Lincoln University, in Lincoln University,
Pa.

''For many low-income blacks their social contact with whites is limited and
racism is not that important to them,'' added Robert Woodson, president of the
National Center for Neighborhood Enterprise.

Poll respondents described how success isn't a shield against racism:

- Willie Weymon of Holland, Mich., who owns a certified public accounting firm,
described how racism can turn up on social occasions.

''In integrated situations a lot of people are very quick to say they are not
prejudiced and I'm saying to myself, 'I didn't bring it up so why are you
bringing it up?' ''

- Krysti Cunningham of Chicago, a mechnical engineer, said store clerks ''often
ignore you because they feel you don't have the money. So one day I put on my
mink coat, my Gucci bag and my diamond earrings and walked into the stores.''

That day, she had no trouble getting someone to wait on her, Cunningham said.

''If you are going to pay $ 700 for a dress you expect more than to have it
thrown at you,'' said Harry Edwards, sociology professor at the University of
California at Berkeley.

Black men in the poll emphasized that having money is no guarantee of equal
treatment; 72 percent of black men questioned who make more than $ 30,000 a year
said they've been viewed as criminals simply because they are black.

Still, blacks aren't ready to give up on integration.

''Interaction is the best hope for eventually eroding the misunderstanding and
prejudice rooted in ignorance and fear,'' said Harvard law professor Christopher
Edley Jr. ''But there is no question that the blacks who are the pioneers in the
white world usually experience a tough time.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Kim Gerbich, AP (Shelby Steele)

CUTLINE: STEELE: Affluent blacks have more contact with whites.

Ribbon Label; USA TODAY POLL; BLACKS' VIEWS ON RACISM; 6

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              678 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                            March 15, 2007 Thursday

Jury selection begins at Conrad Black trial

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 642  words


He may cut a notorious figure in Canada and Britain but Chicagoans called as
prospective jurors in his fraud and racketeering trial seem to know little of
Conrad Black.

Questioning began Wednesday to determine the panel of 12 men and women who will
decide whether the former media mogul is guilty, Judge Amy St. Eve asking to
hear their views on Canada and Canadians, experiences with the law and authority
figures, awareness about media coverage of the case and their feeling about
corporations and people who make a lot of money.

One man said he believed Black had "something to do with Britain's royal
family," while a woman said she had heard he was a businessman and that "his
wife was very beautiful and smart."

Black, 62, appeared serious and weary as he leaned back to hear the jurors
questioned, an occasional smile lightening his demeanour.

Wearing a grey suit, blue shirt and grey checkered tie, Black's gaze alternated
between St. Eve and the potential jurors, smiling when one said she knew "not
much" about Canada, calling it a "socialist country."

In a subdued beginning to what will likely become a loud and showy trial, Black
slipped quietly into the courthouse Wednesday morning.

"I'm feeling fine," said Black as he, wife Barbara Amiel Black and daughter
Alana Black made their way in through one door while cameras clustered around
the former newspaper baron's lawyers at an opposite entrance.

Edward Genson and Edward Greenspan deflected media questions as they sedately
crossed the street from Genson's office to the court.

The two are defending Black on charges of wire and mail fraud, tax evasion,
money laundering, racketeering and obstruction of justice. Prosecutors allege he
defrauded shareholders and used Hollinger International funds to cover
extravagant personal expenses.

The charges revolve around the sale of hundreds of community papers and $80
million in "non-compete" payments allegedly pocketed by executives of Black's
former newspaper empire.

During a short break in jury selection Wednesday afternoon, Black, his legal
team and co-defendants slipped out of the courtroom behind a wall of security,
eluding a clutch of waiting reporters.

He spoke briefly to his daughter and to Amiel, who looked stunning in a brown
suit, orange silk blouse and long gold necklace.

While the trial's quiet kickoff contrasts with both Black's personally bombastic
and confrontational style and a gathering hum of interest in Canada and Britain,
it will likely heat up later.

The trial has drawn hundreds of journalists from around the world, with almost
450 registered to attend.

Possible witnesses include former U.S. secretary of state Henry Kissinger,
former White House adviser Richard Perle, former Illinois governor James
Thompson and tycoon Donald Trump.

The men were either on the board of Black's main operating company or did
business with him.

Lawyers on both sides have already weeded out some potential jurors through
pretrial questionnaires, but the bulk of the jury will be selected

by the judge over the next two days.

Experts say Black's lawyers will most likely want artists, writers and others
who "see nuance" in the jury box, while prosecutors will be looking for
blue-collar workers with a

firm faith in the chain of command.

Greenspan, Black's lead lawyer, has said he is simply looking for a fair jury,
which observers say shouldn't be too difficult to find in Chicago, where the
media mogul is not as well-known as in Canada and the United Kingdom, where he

holds the title Lord of Crossharbour.

Black has vehemently proclaimed his innocence and said he looks forward to his
day in court.

The defence is expected to argue that Black relied on the advice of others and
had no criminal intent.

Also charged are former Hollinger International executives Jack Boultbee, Peter
Atkinson and Mark Kipnis.

All four have pleaded not guilty.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 9, 2007 Friday

POLICE LOG: EL CERRITO

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Western Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 365 words



     ·    ATTEMPTED BURGLARY -- A suspect broke a rear window to a residence on
          Carmel Avenue and attempted to gain entry, without success, sometime
          between Oct. 27 and Oct. 30.


MONDAY, OCT. 29


     ·    AUTO BREAK-IN -- One or more suspects broke the right rear passenger
          window to two vehicles at the corner of Kearney Street and Wall Avenue
          and removed property sometime between Oct. 29 and Oct. 30.


TUESDAY, OCT. 30


     ·    ROBBERY -- At about 12:55 p.m., a suspect entered Allied Cash Advance
          at 10110 San Pablo Ave., brandished a firearm and demanded money, then
          fled on foot with cash. The suspect was described as a black male, 24
          to 27 years old, about 5 feet, 9 inches tall, about 160 pounds, with
          black hair, wearing a black hooded sweatshirt, blue surgical mask and
          carrying a Spiderman backpack.



     ·    ATTEMPTED ROBBERY -- At about 3 p.m., two suspects confronted two
          students separately at Portola Middle School at 1021 Navellier St.,
          struck them and demanded money, then fled without obtaining any
          property. The suspects were described as Asian male teenagers, about
          16 to 17 years old, tall and thin.


WEDNESDAY, OCT. 31


     ·    AUTO BREAK-IN -- A suspect broke the right front passenger window in a
          car on the 11400 block of San Pablo Avenue and removed property
          sometime between 8:20 to 10 a.m.


FRIDAY, NOV. 2


     ·    ROBBERY -- At about 4:52 p.m., a suspect entered Allied Cash Advance
          at 10770 San Pablo Ave., brandished a firearm and demanded money, then
          fled on foot with the cash. The suspect was described as a black male,
          about 30 years old, about 5 feet, 5 inches tall, and 180 pounds,
          wearing a black jacket, black baseball cap, black pants and powder
          blue shoes.



     ·    BURGLARY -- A tall, thin male suspect smashed the front sliding glass
          door to a residence on the 1000 block of Villa Nueva Drive at 12:42
          a.m., then fled on foot when confronted by the homeowner.



     ·    AUTO THEFT -- A 1994 Honda Civic was stolen from the corner of Santa
          Clara Avenue and San Diego Street sometime between midnight and 10
          a.m.


SUNDAY, NOV. 4


     ·    THEFT -- At about 10:35 p.m., a Latino adult female driving a small
          SUV on the 500 block of Kearney Street distracted a citizen by asking
          for directions, then stole a purse from the victim's vehicle.


-- Shelly Meron

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      May 2, 2001 Wednesday, Home Edition

Campaign finance bill might lose black allies

BYLINE: Julia Malone

SOURCE: Cox Washington Bureau

SECTION: News; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 378 words


Washington --- Opponents of the McCain-Feingold bill to reform campaign
financing have found unlikely allies.

Some members of the Congressional Black Caucus, who overwhelmingly voted for
reform in the past, are expressing fresh doubts about the legislation.

"There are concerns," said Devona Dolliole, communications director for the
Congressional Black Caucus. "They are undecided."

The source of the uncertainty is partly because black lawmakers tend to come
from districts where victory depends on a vigorous get-out-the-vote effort by
the Democratic Party. That work often is funded by unlimited "soft money," which
is given by corporations, labor unions or rich individuals for party-building
purposes.

Soft money, which is escalating in the political system, would be banned by the
McCain-Feingold bill, already passed by the Senate.

Also, members of the Black Caucus generally receive relatively small individual
contributions of so-called "hard money," the tightly restricted direct donations
to candidates. As a result, most black lawmakers would not benefit much from the
Senate plan to raise the limits on hard money from $1,000 per election to
$2,000.

One skeptic, Rep. Bennie Thompson (D-Miss.), is leading a task force to study
the reform and recommend a position to the 37-member caucus.

"We're very rapidly nearing the end of that process," Thompson spokesman Lanier
Avant said. "As it stands now, it's not something that he's going to support in
its present form."

Others, however, have not changed their minds.  "As the Democratic Party, I
don't think we can afford not to be supporting campaign finance reform," Rep.
John Lewis (D-Ga.) said. "It's the right thing to do. (Members of Congress)
spend too much of their time dialing for dollars. It's ushered in a degree of
cynicism. People think we're beholden to big contributors."

Lewis predicted that a majority of the black lawmakers would vote for reform.

Rep. Sanford Bishop (D-Ga.) was the only member of the caucus who voted against
the reform in 1999, and an aide said he has problems with the current bill's
restrictions on private advocacy groups.


--- Melanie Eversley of the Journal-Constitution Washington bureau contributed
to this article.

LOAD-DATE: May 02, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              681 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 10, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

U.S. Companies Tangled in Web Of Drug Dollars

BYLINE: By LOWELL BERGMAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1924 words


On a rainy day last June, a group of corporate executives gathered in a
conference room at the Justice Department for a meeting with Attorney General
Janet Reno and other top government officials.

The executives represented some of the pillars of corporate America --
Hewlett-Packard, Ford Motor Company, Whirlpool. The session was not publicized
because those at the meeting shared an unlikely and potentially embarrassing
problem: their companies, they feared, were being singled out in the nation's
war on drugs, and neither they nor the government was quite sure what to do.

With the intensifying federal crackdown on money laundering, agents had been
tracking drug money into the accounts of American corporations and their
distributors and dealers. In fact, federal officials said, about $5 billion a
year in Colombian drug money is used to buy goods and services -- from
cigarettes to computer chips -- from American companies.

What makes that possible is a system known as the black-market peso exchange, a
complex money trade that law enforcement officials say has become increasingly
important to the Colombian narcotics trade.

The system -- really a network of currency brokers with offices in New York,
Miami, the Caribbean and South America -- is essentially an underground money
market that lets the traffickers exchange American dollars for Colombian pesos.
Those dollars, which stay in the United States, are then bought by Colombian
companies that use them to buy American goods for sale back home.

But the government's efforts to seize that money have put it on a collision
course with corporations, which say they are victims with no way of knowing that
they and their distributors are being paid with drug money.

As they met on June 6, those executives, lawyers and law enforcement officials
found themselves grappling with a conundrum: when does drug money stop being
drug money? How far does a company's responsibility go?

The questions have been confronting law enforcement officials for years.

"What are we going to do?" asked Greg Passic, a former drug enforcement agent
who now advises the government on the economics of the narcotics industry.
"We've got the Fortune 500 involved in our drug-money laundering process."

For a long time, because of lax enforcement of United States currency laws, the
drug traffickers were able to launder billions of dollars through American
financial institutions. A crackdown in the 1980's pushed traffickers to what
they saw as a virtually fail-safe system for getting back their profits -- the
black-market peso exchange.

Their growing reliance on that system shows how deeply the drug trade has become
entwined in the legitimate economies of the United States, Colombia and other
nations.

Colombian officials said that as much as 45 percent of their country's imported
consumer goods are bought with money laundered through the peso exchange.

On the American side, law enforcement officials said the exchange has largely
eliminated the trade deficit with Colombia. The market, said the customs
commissioner, Raymond W. Kelly, "is the ultimate nexus between crime and
commerce, using global trade to mask global money laundering."

So far, no large American company has faced criminal charges. And companies have
almost always been able to prevent federal officials from keeping money that has
been seized.

But in the last few years, as frustration has risen, the government has taken a
tougher line. There have been Congressional hearings intended to put companies
on notice by name. Prosecutors have issued warnings and stepped up efforts to
seize laundered money.

At the same time, the government has encouraged companies to institute "know
your customer" policies similar to those used in the financial industry. The
policies gave dealers and distributors techniques for recognizing money
laundering. Thus educated, the government thought, the companies would be less
able to argue that they simply could not have known.

In drawing the line between legitimate and illegitimate profits, the government
must not only prove that the money came from drug deals; it must show that the
recipient "knew or should have known" its source.

In the war on drugs, that line has proved very fuzzy.

Trading Dollars for Pesos

Congress passed the first money-laundering laws in the early 1970's --
requiring, among other things, that banks report any cash transaction over
$10,000 -- but the laws were loosely enforced. By 1979, the Federal Reserve Bank
in Miami had more cash than the other federal reserve banks combined.

It took the uproar over the cocaine epidemic in the early 80's for banks to
comply with the law. And with the resulting crackdown, traffickers resorted to
the black market, which for decades had provided Colombian businesses with
dollars at less than the official exchange rate of 2,000 pesos to the dollar.
The rate in Colombia is fixed by the government.

One peso broker recently agreed to describe how the system works.

The process begins when the broker receives a call from a Colombian drug
trafficker or his American representative. The two negotiate an exchange rate
for pesos, usually 30 percent to 40 percent below the fixed rate. So $10,000
might be worth 12 million pesos instead of 20 million at the official rate.

The dollars are then delivered to the broker, who promises to deliver pesos to
the trafficker's bank account after the dollars are sold to Colombian
businesses. The dealer's insurance is the broker's knowledge that to do
otherwise would almost surely mean death.

The broker maintains several runners -- "smurfs," in law enforcement lingo --
who deposit the cash into hundreds of United States bank accounts in amounts of
less than $10,000, to avoid scrutiny.

At the same time, the broker's office in Colombia negotiates with business
people there who want cheap dollars to buy everything from consumer goods to
helicopters.

Usually, that exchange rate is 20 percent below market, so a business owner in
Colombia might pay 16 million pesos, instead of 20 million pesos at the fixed
rate, for $10,000.

The pesos are then transferred -- in this example, 12 million pesos -- to the
traffickers' accounts. The broker keeps the difference, 4 million pesos in this
instance. Then at the businessman's direction, the dollars in the American banks
are used to pay for American goods.

The peso brokerage is one part of the process that supplies Colombia with
inexpensive goods from the United States and around the world. Colombian
authorities said the goods were often smuggled into the country, costing
Colombia more than $300 million a year in tax revenue.

Colombia has made collecting that lost revenue a priority. But the black market
has considerable appeal because it puts a lot of inexpensive foreign goods on
the Colombian market.

The exchange has also increased American exports to Colombia.

"This is positive for U.S. business, there is no doubt about it," said Mike
Wald, who runs a consortium of law enforcement agencies in Florida focusing on
the peso exchange. "The Colombian, if he pays less for his dollars, can buy more
goods. That's a pretty obvious economic fact. But we have to realize where this
money originates. It's drug money."

Tangled With Drug Money

Two companies that have turned up in the American government's anti-laundering
efforts are Phillip Morris and Bell Helicopter Textron.

Phillip Morris products in particular have been a major presence in Colombia.
Marlboro cigarettes are readily available at prices investigators said indicated
that they were bought with black market dollars and smuggled into the country.

Earlier this year, Phillip Morris was sued in the Eastern District of New York
by the Colombian tax collectors. The federal lawsuit accused the company of
being involved in cigarette smuggling and in the laundering of drug proceeds.

Phillip Morris has denied the allegations, saying that it did not know its
products were being exploited for money laundering. In addition, without
admitting wrongdoing, it recently signed an agreement with Colombia, pledging to
stop its products from entering the black market or being used to launder money.

In 1995, in Federal District Court in San Juan, Puerto Rico, Phillip Morris's
former distributors in northern South America were indicted for laundering $40
million in black market pesos.

A member of the defense lawyers said the money was used to buy Phillip Morris
cigarettes, liquor and other products for the Colombian market. But the defense
team member said the defendants did not know that the money came from drug
sales.

Phillip Morris severed its relationship with the defendants in 1998 and said it
did not know that its products were being smuggled or that black market money
was used to buy them.

In another case, Bell Helicopter is challenging the seizure of $300,000 from its
accounts, money, according to court documents, that was generated by drug
smuggling.

It was part of more than $1 million that the United States believed was supplied
a peso-exchange broker to buy a Bell aircraft. The helicopter was seized in
Panama at the request of the United States.

The case has become a sore point for American law enforcement in part because
the helicopter was sold to a Colombian businessman linked to the country's
right-wing paramilitaries.

Seeking Cooperation

The deepening struggle between prosecutors and business executives is what led
to the meeting with Attorney General Reno and other government officials,
including Deputy Attorney General Eric H. Holder and Deputy Treasury Secretary
Stuart E. Eizenstat. The companies invited were Hewlett-Packard, Ford, General
Motors, Sony, Westinghouse, Whirlpool and General Electric Company, Treasury
officials said.

None of the companies returned phone calls seeking comment, except General
Electric and Sony. Sony said it would have no comment. But General Electric's
counsel, Scott Gilbert, said his company instituted a strict compliance program
five years ago, after reports that its refrigerators were being used in money
-laundering operations.

As part of its policy, Mr. Gilbert said General Electric warns dealers to be
aware of "red flags" -- a customer's lack of interest in discounts, an
unwillingness to give information about the company, or unusual forms of payment
like large amounts of cash or checks written on the account of a third party.

The new policy has cut sales of appliances to Latin America by 23,000 units, or
over 20 percent, said an executive at General Electric.

Alan Dooty, a customs official, said the companies had been selected for the
June meeting because their products had shown up in the black market in
Colombia. The exception was General Electric, which he singled out as a "good
citizen."

Before the meeting, some of the companies expressed concern that they would be
punished. But once they arrived, Mr. Dooty said, they were assured that the
government was seeking cooperation.

A follow-up session in July bogged down in legal murk.

An industry representative familiar with the meeting said: "The Justice and
Treasury Departments realized that they were trying to identify drug money that
had morphed, been transformed, in layers of transactions involving distributors,
authorized dealers, financing arrangements with unregulated money lenders called
'factors' and the other realities of commercial life."

More meetings are scheduled for this fall.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A handbook alerts General Electric dealers to money laundering.
(pg. A20)

Chart: "HOW IT WORKS -- Dollars for Pesos: A Black Market"

THE DRUG SALE
A Colombian trafficker sells drugs in the United States.

THE PESO BROKER
The trafficker contacts a black-market peso broker to launder the dollars.

THE FIRST EXCHANGE
The broker deposits the dollars into banks in the United States and sells the
trafficker Colombian pesos at 30 percent to 40 percent below market value.

THE SECOND EXCHANGE
The broker negotiates currency exchanges with Colombian businesses that want to
sell American goods at home. The rate is usually 20 percent below market.

THE GOODS
The businesses instruct the broker to send the dollars to United States
companies, which then ship the goods, often through a network of smugglers who
avoid paying tariff. (Source: U.S. Customs Service)(pg. A20)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              682 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  June 30, 1995, Friday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Blacks' economic clout growing fast;
Disposable income in '96 projected at $ 427 billion, up 40% from '90

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 1G

LENGTH: 358 words


Advertisers and marketers might want to keep consumers like Angela McClendon in
mind.

The College Park sales manager for Johnson Products is part of a massive
consumer bloc they won't be able to ignore much longer.

"We spend a lot of money, and in the past many companies never targeted the
ethnic markets."

The disposable income of blacks is rising faster than that of the rest of the
country, according to a University of Georgia study released Thursday.

The amount of money blacks will have to spend - or save - after taxes is
expected to grow to $ 427 billion in 1996, according to the study done by UGA's
Selig Center for Economic Growth. That's up 40 percent from 1990.

$ 23 billion market

In Georgia alone, black buying power is expected to reach $ 23 billion - or 16.2
percent of the state's total buying power - next year.

The Peach State turned in an impressive showing in the UGA study. It was the
only state to make the top 10 in several categories: growth rate of black buying
power, largest black consumer markets and most concentrated market share.

One Atlanta company, ProNet, hopes to tap into the multibillion market with a
buyers' discount club similar to Sam's Club. The company markets the products
and services of black-owned firms and professionals to consumers; in return,
consumers get a discount.

Overly optimistic?
Despite some glowing statistics, the study drew some criticism.

"The figures in this report may be overly optimistic in their projections," said
Ken Smikle, publisher of Target Market News, a Chicago- based newsletter that
tracks black consumer marketing. "There are too many unknowns to reasonably know
what heights this market will reach 18 months from now.

"We don't know where the economy is going, where the job market is going and how
factors such as changes in affirmative action will affect black earning power."

Smikle estimates that black income in 1994 was $ 304.5 billion.

For her part, McClendon is ready to wield her financial clout. She plans to
shop, as much as possible, with black-owned companies and those that actively
court minorities.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chart: Where black buying power will be
Estimates of where the most concentrated markets for black consumers wil
be in 1996:
Area.....................Black share
District of Columbia........42.6%
Mississippi.................19.2%
Maryland............ .......19.0%
South Carolina..............17.4%
Louisiana...................16.9%
Georgia....... .............16.2%
Alabama.....................14.3%
North Carolina..............13.7%
Virginia....................11.7%
New York....................11.5%
United States................7.8%
Source: Selig Center for Economic Growth, University of Georgia
/ Tom Kelley / Staff

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              683 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     February 20, 2004 Friday Final Edition

'Glaring' Black told committee 'he'd fix their wagons good'

SOURCE: The Canadian Press

BYLINE: Beth Gorham

SECTION: Business; Pg. E3

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: WILMINGTON, Delaware

WILMINGTON, Delaware - Adversaries of Conrad Black portrayed him in court
yesterday as a bombastic, threatening thief who ripped off shareholders before
trying to sell off his media empire, take the cash and "get out of Dodge."

A Hollinger International board member and a special investigator accused Lord
Black of Crossharbour of taking millions of dollars in unauthorized payments
before negotiating a secret deal to sell control of Hollinger's parent company
so he could take off with all the money.

Richard Breeden, a former chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission called in last summer to investigate, said Lord Black took $32
million without approval or authorization and the company published "false and
misleading" accounts of its dealings. Lord Black later blamed corporate
officials, saying he was "shocked and disappointed" they didn't prepare proper
documents, Mr. Breeden testified.

He also threatened members of a board committee struck to look into the complex
financial matter, saying he'd take their houses from them and "fix their wagons
good," Mr. Breeden said. "I've heard him on many occasions ... casually suggest
he was going to sue every independent member of the board if they didn't go
along with what he wanted."

The Canadian-born Lord Black made good on his threat: Last week, he launched a
lawsuit against Mr. Breeden and others in Ontario, claiming damages of $850
million, including $200 million for defamation, in a bitter battle between the
Hollinger International board and its controlling shareholder that will play out
in several courts.

The first part of the strange case is being heard through today in Chancery
Court in Delaware, which will decide the fate such Hollinger holdings as the
Daily Telegraph in London and the Chicago Sun-Times.

Lord Black, who is expected to testify today, wants to sell control of Hollinger
International's parent company, Hollinger Inc., to Britain's Barclay brothers, a
move Mr. Breeden said contravenes a restructuring agreement and would ensure
that any lost money would never be repaid to the Chicago media firm.

"I doubt very sincerely that Mr. Black would wire the funds through the U.S.,"
said Mr. Breeden, suggesting they'd go from Britain to Canada.

The case in the Delaware court -- a venue with a reputation for quick and
unequivocal judgments in business disputes -- pits Lord Black against his own
board of directors.

Board member Raymond Seitz, a former ambassador to Britain, said Lord Black
abused his position and reneged on an agreement to repay some of the money. He
said Lord Black's assertion the board withheld documents from him was
"ridiculous" since he signed them all.

Mr. Seitz said they show that Lord Black and his top executives such as David
Radler had no approval for payments to themselves, classic cases of
"self-dealing" that gave no thought to shareholders.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     October 2, 1989, Monday, City Edition

Browner: Vikings' pay scale is racist

BYLINE: MICHELLE KAUFMAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 521 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS



MINNEAPOLIS - The color purple wasn't the hue of the day in the    Minnesota
Vikings' locker room Sunday. Nor was it gold.

     Minnesota players were talking about black and white after Sunday's    17-3
victory over the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.

     On a day the Vikings should have been answering questions about    their
impressive defensive effort or Anthony Carter's 87 yards    receiving, they were
explaining pregame remarks made to an ESPN    reporter that accused the Vikings'
management of being racist.

     Safety Joey Browner told ESPN reporter Jim Gray on Thursday that he    felt
black players on the team had a tough time getting big money while    white
players like Tommy Kramer, Wade Wilson and offensive linemen get    rewarded for
their performance.

     Defensive lineman Keith Millard, who is white, was one of four    other
players who backed up Browner's accusations to the ESPN crew. The    others were
Carter, tight end Steve Jordan, and defensive end Chris    Doleman. The
interviews aired during Sunday's NFL Gameday show.

     Vikings general manager Mike Lynn vehemently denied the charges.

     "Straight out, there is no black-and-white problem on this team,"    he
said. "Maybe there's a green problem. And I don't mean green as in    the color
of skin. I mean it as the color of money. If there's racism    here, I don't
know anything about it."

     Several Viking players held out of training camp this summer in an
effort to get more money.

     Jordan, who was unsigned, missed all of camp, and finally agreed to    a
three-year deal for $ 2.2-million just before the season opener.

 Carter and Browner held out, but they came back because Lynn told them    the
team wouldn't consider renegotiating a deal until the players    reported.
Carter, who makes $ 450,000, is in the final year of his    contract. Browner,
who makes $ 350,000, has an option year remaining    after this season.

     Browner said he was hesitant to comment on the race issue because    he was
"afraid they'd use it against (me)."

     Carter said the team's theme this year - 40 for 60, meaning 40    players
for 60 minutes - should be changed to 45 for one.

     "All of us for Mike Lynn," Carter said.

     Sunday's episode wasn't the first time this year that Vikings    players
have made controversial statements to the media. Earlier,    Carter said if the
Vikings didn't pay him the salary he felt he    deserved ($ 1-million a year),
he wouldn't "put (his) best foot forward    for the team."

     Needless to say, he has yanked the foot out of his mouth. So far    this
season, he has caught 24 passes for 346 yards, an average of 86    yards per
game.

     Quarterback Tommy Kramer said his teammates realize they have to    play as
a team.

     "We know we can't put any one player ahead of the team," he said.    "We
had a meeting this week and discussed the fact that it's a team    concept."



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                              685 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 27, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

A beacon for black med schools Doctor's foundation seeks generous souls to
insure future care

BYLINE: Anita Manning

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 1029 words


William Jackson knows how great the need is for doctors to serve
in America's poor urban and rural communities.

He practices medicine in inner-city Detroit.

He knows his patients depend on him and on doctors like him, who
are willing to forgo upscale practices in wealthy neighborhoods
in favor of lower pay on the front lines of poverty. And he has
a plan to provide seed money for future generations of such dedicated
physicians.


Jackson set about his mission by purchasing two life insurance
policies with a combined payoff of $ 1 million and donating them
to Morehouse School of Medicine in Atlanta. Now he's out to find
3,000 or more generous souls like himself to do the same, with
the policies benefiting four traditionally black medical schools.

He has set up the NorthStar Foundation with a goal of providing
$ 3 billion in endowments for Morehouse, Howard University School
of Medicine in Washington, D.C., Drew University School of Medicine
in Los Angeles and Meharry Medical College in Nashville. Those
schools, he says, have educated about 75% of the black doctors
in the USA.

"We know there are people who have money," Jackson says. "There
are more millionaires every day because of the boom in the stock
market. They have a need for a mechanism they can use to secure
that money. On the other hand, there is a great need to solve
the health-care crisis and support schools that provide physicians."

The NorthStar Foundation, with support from Hartford Life Insurance
Co., is designed to serve both needs. While Jackson bought his
policies from Hartford, "the client can use whatever life insurance
company they want," says Bob Kerzner, a company vice president.
"Our support of Dr. Jackson is not conditional. We thought he
had a noble vision. There is a crying need for more black doctors,
and finding a way more could afford an education was a worthwhile
cause.

"For us, it provides a way to highlight and promote the advantages
of charitable giving using life insurance."

Jackson says he first brought the idea to Louis Sullivan, former
Health and Human Services secretary and now president of Morehouse
School of Medicine. The two men were roommates during their undergraduate
days at Morehouse, and their friendship has continued through
the years. Jackson's proposal came as a pleasant shock to Sullivan.
"When he got up off the floor," Jackson says, "we discussed
the needs of Morehouse School of Medicine."

That need is great for Morehouse and for all the medical schools,
Sullivan says.

There are an estimated 25,000 black physicians in practice, but
there may be fewer in the future, because of state initiatives
aimed at ending affirmative action in school admissions, says
Randall Morgan Jr., an orthopedic surgeon in Merrillville, Ind.,
and past president of the National Medical Association, representing
black physicians.

"The rate of admission of underrepresented minority students,
particularly African-American, to medical schools has decreased,"
he says, especially in California, Texas and Washington, where
efforts to "limit the reli- ance on race as a criterion to admission
to professional schools have had great impact."

Then there are the needs of the schools themselves.

"All of us are working with inadequate resources," Sullivan
says. "We did a study three years ago and found the average endowment
of medical schools is $ 120 million," but the average endowment
is just $ 13 million for traditionally black schools. That ranges
from $ 2 million at Drew to $ 54 million at Howard.

A healthy endowment gives a university "institutional stability,"
he says. "We're operating on a thin margin. We're doing well
with the resources we have, but we don't have enough."

To remedy that, Jackson is inviting likely candidates -- doctors,
businesspeople, successful alumni of the beneficiary schools,
members of medical associations -- to seminars on charitable giving,
which he plans to hold in cities around the country.

"I've done it, so I know it does work," he says of the concept.
And while he's financially secure, "I know there are physicians
and other businesspeople who have a lot more to work with than
I do."

He has not signed up any recruits, but several people have expressed
interest, Jackson says.

Using insurance policies for donations is "happening more and
more and will continue to grow," says Larry Goldstein, vice president
of the National Association of College and University Business
Officers. "It's an excellent way to go, because a lot of people
can't afford to make outright gifts."

There are several ways to approach it, he says. Many donors buy
whole-life policies and, instead of spreading payments over several
years, pay a single premium, which is "much cheaper" in the
long run, Goldstein says. "It's a very popular strategy. You
might not have $ 1 million, but you can afford X dollars to buy
a policy that is worth $ 1 million, and you also get a deduction."

Jackson says the foundation's name was chosen because "the North
Star is the point that navigators have used to help them find
the way home to security and safety. We want to direct people
to financial security and safety.  . . . I want to make
sure others in my circumstances know these options are available."

But that's not all. "I've been poor most of my life," says Jackson,
who grew up in Birmingham, Ala. "I know what it is to be in need.
I work in an underserved area in Detroit. I see the problems,
and I know they're going to get worse unless we solve the health-care
crisis.

"I see an opportunity here to try and start a movement that will
address this problem at a very fundamental level: to increase
the number of primary-care physicians and save schools we know
produce high-quality physicians who go into underserved areas.
I want . . . to leave a legacy in which America is a better
place, where people will have it better than I had it."

To find out more, call Olin Wiley, marketing director for NorthStar,
in Atlanta at 404-523-7774 or toll-free at 888-832-7220.



LOAD-DATE: December 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jeff Kowalsky for USA TODAY; $1 million plan: NorthStar
founder William Jackson has made Morehouse School of Medicine his beneficiary.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              686 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 3, 1985, Wednesday, Final Edition

Ex-Banker, Ex-Lobbyist Go On Trial In Cocaine Funds Conspiracy Case

BYLINE: By Lawrence Feinberg, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B4

LENGTH: 509 words


According to his lawyer, William G. Hessler was a "very trusting . . . gentleman
banker" when he managed the Watergate branch of the Riggs National Bank.

"Mr. Hessler didn't like details," lawyer John A. Shorter told a jury yesterday
at U.S. District Court in Washington. "Mr. Hessler didn't like paper work . . .
[and] Mr. Hessler was conned."

According to federal prosecutors, the situation at the bank branch from 1978 to
1982 was quite different. Assistant U.S. Attorney Roger M. Adelman said Hessler
was part of a conspiracy to launder more than $1 million from cocaine sales,
accepting suitcases filled with cash, taking $40,000 in bribes and making
fraudulent loans on which the bank lost $130,000.

"Mr. Hessler created false records and false documents," Adelman said, and he
"in effect gave [away] " Riggs' money.

These two portraits of the 47-year-old former banker, who most recently was
employed as a house painter, were presented in opening arguments yesterday as
Hessler went on trial with former Washington lobbyist Fred B. Black Jr., 70.

The two men are accused in a 53-count indictment of racketeering, mail fraud and
income tax evasion as part of a scheme to launder the money earned by a major
cocaine distribution ring that smuggled the drug from Colombia and sold it in
many parts of the United States.

Lawrence G. Strickland Jr., 34, the third man named in the indictment, has
pleaded guilty to the charges and will testify against the other two, Adelman
said. Prosecutors have described Strickland, who grew up in Northwest and lives
in Bethesda, as the ringleader.

Last month Black and three other men, including attorneys from New Jersey and
Miami, were convicted here of conspiracy to import and distribute cocaine.
Marcos Cadavid, an accused Colombian cocaine wholesaler, was convicted of
conspiracy in a separate trial.

During the 1960s, Black was a well-known Washington figure as a business
associate of former Senate aide Robert G. (Bobby) Baker. He was convicted of
income tax evasion in 1964 but was acquitted in a retrial after the Justice
Department disclosed that it had illegally placed a microphone in his apartment.

Yesterday Adelman said Black received the drug money from Strickland, who is a
brother of Hessler's wife, and that Black deposited it in accounts he controlled
for two companies that were just "shells" for racketeering. He said Black
"kited" checks and failed to pay income taxes from 1978 to 1982 even though he
lived in an expensive apartment in the Watergate and had personal expenditures
of $538,000.

Both men pleaded not guilty to the charges now being tried, on which each faces
a maximum penalty of more than 70 years' imprisonment and $570,000 in fines.

Yesterday, Black's lawyer, Thomas Dyson, acknowledged that Black deposited large
amounts of cash in the bank but said the money was used in a legitimate venture
to construct a gambling casino and hotel in Atlantic City, a venture that
eventually was unsuccessful.

The trial is expected to last several weeks.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              687 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                            June 13, 2007 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Black Bears history short but sweet

BYLINE: Jason Peters, The Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 898  words


They were second in Canada last year. This year, the Prince George Black Bears
aren't even on the map.

Last summer, the Black Bears stirred up fastball passions in the city by
advancing all the way to the final of the Canadian senior men's championship
tournament, held at Spruce City Stadium. In the game for national supremacy,
they faced the defending champion St. Thomas Evergreen Centennials and fell
agonizingly short of victory. In extra innings -- the bottom of the ninth, to be
precise -- Dale Levy of the Evergreens launched a home run over the left field
fence to give his team a 4-3 win and the Canadian crown.

The Centennials will go for a national three-peat this summer in St. John's,
Nfld. The Black Bears, sadly, have fallen into extinction because nobody was
willing to take on the task of operating the team this season.

In 2005 and 2006, Black Bears general manager Jeff Hill was the man at the
controls. By the time the 2006 nationals arrived, he had assembled a powerhouse
club, one that was anchored by the world-class pitching talents of Korrey Gareau
and Collin McKenzie. Getting Gareau, McKenzie and other hired guns into Prince
George uniforms required a substantial amount of cash, and that money was
available thanks to fundraising efforts and corporate sponsorship deals,
overseen by Hill.

Hill, who was also the driving force behind the eight-team national tournament,
let it be known at the end of the event he would be stepping down from his
position as GM. Hill, a family man, dedicated countless hours to the job, all on
a volunteer basis.

Chad Ghostkeeper, named the all-star catcher at the 2006 nationals, expected
there would be no replacement for Hill and therefore no Black Bears team this
season. But, for him, that doesn't make the current situation any easier to
accept.

"I think it kind of sucks, to tell you the truth," said Ghostkeeper, who was one
of eight Prince George-based players on the 2006 Black Bears roster.

"We have good-enough ball players here. Basically, there are six or seven of us
out there, all scattered on different teams. We've got a good core of guys here
who can play the game, it's just a matter of funding, that's the biggest
problem."

This season, for the second year in a row, Ghostkeeper will be spending most of
his summer with the SoCal Bombers of Palm Springs, Calif. For the 2007 Canadian
nationals, he has signed with the Vancouver Grey Sox (see other story).

Evan Potskin, a shortstop and long-ball hitter for last year's Black Bears, is
also playing for SoCal this season, while outfielder Randy Potskin is doing his
work for Portland. Glenn Ormsby, a 2006 Black Bear who lived in Kelowna at the
time, now calls Prince George his home base. But Ormsby, an infielder and heavy
hitter, is swinging his bat this summer for Orillia, Ont. And, Craig Horswell, a
national-calibre catcher who didn't play fastball last year, has signed this
season with the Aspen Interior Black Sox of Saskatoon.

The Black Bears uniform itself isn't in mothballs. Instead, it is being used by
one of the teams in this season's Treasure Cove Casino Men's Fastball League.

Russ Pratt, who was on the host committee for the 2006 nationals, said he is
disappointed the silver-medal-winning Bears are now just a memory.

"It came down to money, and someone to step up and run it," Pratt said. "Jeff
had done it that last couple years, had put his heart and soul into it. He
missed the last two years with his family, and he was like, 'Okay, I can't do
this anymore.'

"It was so much fun last year, but the problem is, you're going against teams
with $100,000 budgets and we could not compete with that. You have to have the
pitching to compete (on the field), and these (other teams) have big-money
sponsors, and we never had that. To couple that with traveling everywhere,
because it's so hard to get teams to come up here, the financial implications
are so big that you really need someone that loves the game and has a lot of
money. As unfortunate as it is, the reality of the economics said it probably
wasn't going to keep happening."

When Prince George was awarded the national tournament back in 2004, one of the
stated objectives at that time was to use the event to rekindle an interest in
men's fastball in the city. In terms of participation numbers, the game had been
on the decline, and the 2006 nationals were seen as a chance to stop that trend
and get it going in the other direction.

Using this season as a measuring stick, it would seem men's fastball as a sport
in Prince George has made modest gains at best. The Treasure Cove men's league
has four member teams, the same as last year, but has welcomed the midget
Timberwolves for Thursday exhibition games against member clubs. For those
games, in an effort to level the playing field, changes on the pitching rubber
are made.

"We're swapping pitchers," said Pratt, a member of the BX Pub Express, which has
Hill as its usual chucker. "We would hit against Jeff, and the kids would hit
against their own pitcher."

Meanwhile, the Spruce City Minor Boys Fastball Association has similar
participation numbers as last year.

"For minor boys this year, it's probably the same, I would say," said
Ghostkeeper, who helps out with a squirt and a bantam club and also coaches a
bantam rep team. "It's just that you've got to have those good junior programs
for the kids to have somewhere to go."

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Citizen File Photo; Members of the Prince George Black Bears celebrate an
8-6 semifinal playoff victory against the Jarvis Merchants at the 2006 Canadian
senior men's fastpitch championship, held at Spruce City Stadium. The Black
Bears met the St. Thomas Evergreen Centennials in the final game and fell 4-3 in
extra innings. This season, the Black Bears have slipped into extinction. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                        AUGUST 11, 1996 Sunday D EDITION

PRO HELPS OPEN DOORS CLOSED TO HIM< STYMIED AS A GOLFER, HE HELPED ESTABLISH<
AND NURTURE A BLACK-OWNED N.J. COURSE.

BYLINE: Kevin Tatum, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C10

LENGTH: 993 words


Bill Bishop rides around the fairways and greens at Freeway Golf Course in a
cart, pointing out the features and unique characteristics of the layout.

In more ways than one, Freeway is Bishop's field of dreams.

Now 69 and a resident of Germantown, Bishop once had hopes of walking around
such a golf course, playing against the best golfers the professional tour had
to offer, before large galleries and with big money on the line.

But in the early 1950s, blacks had just broken the color barrier in baseball,
and Jim Crow ideals still ruled the PGA. Against those obstacles, Bishop never
reached stardom in golf, even though he might have had the talent to do it.

But another vision of Bishop's - Freeway - is thriving.

The course in Sicklerville was the first - and for a long time, the only - black
-owned and -operated 18-hole championship golf course in the country. (A black
-owned course in Canton, Ohio, which previously had been a nine-hole course, now
has 18 holes, too.)

Now in its 30th year, Freeway has 100 members - kept to that number by a desire
to accommodate the golf-playing public - and more than 300 stockholders. And the
course has been profitable, something that might not have seemed possible in
Freeway's first decade.

"I was very impressed that this was the first black-owned golf course in my
area," said Cal Henry, a resident of Chester who has been playing at Freeway for
25 years. "I've developed friendships here, and it's been getting better and
better every year."

Opportunities for black golfers also have been getting better, though it took
the PGA-Shoal Creek controversy of 1989 to call attention to the fact that a
number of PGA tour and U.S. Golf Association events were being held on courses
that excluded blacks and women.

Bishop, who turned pro in 1955, couldn't compete on many courses in the early
days of his career because of his race. As an amateur between 1947 and '54,
Bishop was the championship-flight winner in 80 tournaments. At his best in
those years, he regularly shot par or better.

In 1955, at 18, he turned pro after graduating from Philadelphia's Ben Franklin
High School, though Bishop would not have been eligible for the tour even if he
had qualified because the PGA tour still observed a Caucasians-only rule. So
Bishop was left to play in small-money, open tournaments in the area.

"I felt cheated," he said. "I feel if I could have got out when I was young, I'd
be one of the better senior players today."

Wanting to make sure other black players didn't have to go through what he did,
Bishop launched an effort with James Lester Blocker, Albert Letson, Robert L.
Salisbury and Maxwell Stanford to acquire a golf course they could call their
own. At the time, the only courses in the Philadelphia area on which blacks
could play were Cobbs Creek and Manor Golf.

Bishop's group - it later would become The Greater Philadelphia Golf and Country
Club (GPGCC) - formed a corporation and raised money to buy a piece of land in
Freehold, N.J., where it planned to build a course.

Then came word in 1967 that Turnersville Golf Course in Sicklerville was for
sale.

"We really went out to try to get the money to buy it," Bishop recalled.

The group's plan - to sell 272 shares at $1,000 apiece - raised about $110,000.
With nobody else bidding on the Turnersville Golf Course, GPGCC made an offer
and ended up purchasing the course for $250,000.

"We barely had enough money to put the $100,000 down and $10,000 for
settlement," Bishop said.

He was the assistant pro at Freeway for the first year, then became the head pro
in 1968.

"There was a lot of work that had to be done," he said, and to that end his
group spent hundreds of thousands of dollars to renovate the course, resodding
and replacing the greens and fairways and updating the clubhouse and equipment.
It wasn't until 1983 that GPGCC could operate without having to borrow money.

"A lot of people thought [Freeway] wouldn't last a year," Bishop said. "They
didn't give us a year. It would be just another black business that started up
and folded. This type of operation, sporting clubs and all those things, hadn't
been too successful for Afro Americans. But we were determined that wouldn't be
true in this case, and we have proved that's not the case here."

At Freeway, black-owned and -operated does not mean black players only. In fact,
Bishop estimated that 70 percent of the golfers he sees at Freeway during the
week are white. He said 20 of the 100 members are white.

"I don't think the general public knows about Freeway," said Ed Rose, a white
golfer who, along with fellow Philadelphian Ed Wood, came to the course Thursday
to play with Rose's son, Ted.

"Don't say that. I want to keep it that way," said Ted Wood, a resident of
Sicklerville.

"This is a nice guy's golf course," said Ed Wood, 80. "For me, at my age, there
are not a lot of hills. I'd recommend it."

The Freeway course is spread over 105 of the 135 total acres on the grounds.
Greens fees are $17 weekdays, $15 weeknights and $12 at twilight. On weekends
and holidays, the greens fees are $22 during the day and $19 at night.

Bishop helped design the traps at Freeway, and bunkers and trees have been added
over the years.

"There are not a lot of courses where public players can play," Bishop said. "At
a country club, you have to spend real money. Here, players may play three or
four times a week, a hundred times a year or 200 a year, but the price is right
for them."

Bishop also makes sure golf is right for youngsters. He is running a summer camp
for children 8 and older at Freeway. In addition, LPGA member Phyllis Meekins
runs the PGM Golf Clinic Inc. for aspiring young players at Freeway.

"I've had two wives, and they both said they could put up with golf," Bishop
said. "And I've had two wives who finally said they couldn't put up with golf."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE GOLF REPORT

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO (3)
1. With their cart loaded, George Hedgman (left) and Jack Riggs are set for the
Bill Bishop Golf Classic, named for the longtime pro.
2. Resting at the pro shop are Joe Newton (left) of Mount Laurel and Rudy Wright
of Willingboro. (For The Inquirer, BOB WILLIAMS)
3. Tim Williams wheels his cart along the Freeway Golf Course.

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Sowetan (South Africa)

                          September 23, 2010 Thursday

DJ in 60-hour marathon

BYLINE: Luzuko Pongoma

SECTION: ARTS, CULTURE & ENTERTAINMENT

LENGTH: 269 words


bid to break guinness world record

 "IT IS a long weekend, so come party with me," is the invite from DJ Black
Coffee to music lovers.
 And starting from midnight the party will go on for 60 hours in the parking lot
of Maponya Mall in Soweto - with an attempt to break a Guinness World Record.


 DJ Black Coffee will have a 20-minute break every four hours.
 The Guinness World Record attempt is to raise money for the Black Coffee
Foundation, which helps disabled people. DJ Black Coffee, real name Nkosinathi
Maphumulo, says helping others is a cause close to his heart.
 What will make the feat even more remarkable is that DJ Black Coffee lost the
use of his left arm in an accident when he was 13.
 "I will be setting a new record. No one has ever done this with one hand," he
said.
 Today DJ Black Coffee will host a gala dinner at the Park Hyatt Hotel in
Rosebank from 6pm.
 "There are three tables with 10 chairs and each chair costs R1000," he said.
 Black Coffee said before he started playing, fellow DJs, among them his protégé
Culoe De Song, DJ Ganyane and Mo Flava of Yfm, will entertain the expected
revellers.

 "The show is free and everyone is welcome - and please bring donations," he
said.
 The Black Coffee Foundation works with the Tumelo Home in Thembisa, the
Disabled People of KwaThema and Noar's Ark in Orlando.
 "We are starting small and will accept any donation, and not necessarily money,
in our bid to assist the disabled," he said.
  "The more I play the more I want people to donate money. I will play
everything from kwaito to mid-tempo to house and other styles."
  GOOD HEART: DJ Black Coffee

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Sowetan


                    Copyright 2010 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 10, 1998, Friday, Final Edition

Bowie State, Thinking Very Big; Money Talks at Fund-Raising Gala

Lonnae O'Neal Parker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 824 words


After fumbling over a sponsor's name last night at Bowie State University's
Annual Scholarship Gala downtown, dinner chairwoman Ilene D. Payne made an
exaggerated effort to get it right. After all, "things always get more serious
when we're talking money," she quipped. The emcee, WUSA news anchor J.C.
Hayward, joked that two of her favorite bankers were on the dais, while the
university's foundation chair, Ira Moss, said an official from NationsBank had
to show up to keep tabs on him because he owed it so much.

The wine flowed, the jazz band alternated between up-tempo numbers and slow
bluesy tunes -- songs the conductor called "music to give money by" -- and
university president Nathanael Pollard Jr. dreamed aloud of raising $ 50
million.

But last night, at the kickoff event for the school's Vision 2000 Capital
Campaign, he settled for a little less -- but still the small, historically
black public institution's most ambitious fund-raising effort to date. After
saying that the school had already raised half of its goal of $ 7 million for
the year 2002, Pollard's announcement that he was thinking of upping the ante to
$ 10 million was greeted enthusiastically by the crowd.

The event, which honored Olympic athlete Carl Lewis, was a night to "begin to
think big," Pollard said. So it was fitting that the gala, which had been held
in Baltimore or Prince George's County in years past, moved to Washington's
swank J.W. Marriott Hotel.

Although the figures can't compete with the billion-dollar campaigns of Harvard
or Stanford, for Bowie State the effort is a first. The ambitious drive, an
attempt to race with the big dogs of fund-raising, is an effort that is being
mirrored across the country.

While private institutions have typically relied on these types of campaigns to
meet operating budgets and expand endowments, within the past 10 years or so
aggressive fund-raising has gained a toehold among the nation's public
institutions as well. This past October, the University System of Maryland --
the umbrella organization for 13 public institutions, including Bowie and the
University of Maryland schools -- announced its Vision III campaign, a
system-wide effort to raise $ 700 million over the next five years.

While public institutions have always solicited money from foundations and
deep-pocket donors, a decade ago the bulk of many fundraising efforts was done
by undergraduate tele-beggars -- students manning phone lines, reaching into the
pockets of alums for $ 25 or $ 50 donations.

These days, though, the campaigning has gone into overdrive.

John Martin, University System of Maryland vice chancellor, calls it a sea
change. "A major investment has been made in the fund-raising capabilities of
public institutions since the early 1990s," he said. "The privates still raise
more money than public institutions, but it's a sign that 10 public institutions
or more in the country are engaged in billion-dollar campaigns."

Martin cites factors like state budget constraints, as well as the need for
public institutions to remain competitive, as reasons for the change.

Many schools -- among them the University of Michigan, University of Wisconsin,
UCLA and the University of Virginia -- have been aggressively raising money for
years.

For Bowie and other small or historically black colleges or universities,
though, the need has become more urgent. "This kind of fund-raising is not
something that [black colleges and universities] grew up doing," said Cheryl D.
Fields, executive editor of Black Issues in Higher Education. "They are used to
getting substantial amount of money from public and state resources, but as
states have reevaluated and reappropriated funds, all institutions, historically
black or not, are beginning to look at other avenues for expanding their
resources."

While the state legislature recently approved Gov. Parris Glendening's four-year
higher education initiative granting university system schools an 8.1 percent
increase in funding, officials say the new, more aggressive public fund-raiser
is here to stay.

To Carl E. Smith and his wife, Brenda, both Bell Atlantic executives, it's about
time. Last night, as the two listened to proclamations, watched student
testimonials projected overhead and nibbled on shrimp scampi, they talked about
money. Lots of it. Bell Atlantic recently announced a five-year funding
commitment of $ 250,000 to be split among Bowie State, Coppin State University
and the University of Maryland Eastern Shore.

Carl Smith said the schools needed to take the same approach as some churches.
"You want to be a member, you have to tithe. That's why people who've graduated
from Harvard leave the university huge fortunes. . . . It's just a matter of
growing up."

Last night with Lewis, a five-time Olympian, shaking hands and posing for
pictures, it was a matter of trying to run in a faster league.


LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, lucian perkins, Olympic gold medalist Carl Lewis, right, cracks
up Bowie State President Nathanael Pollard Jr.

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              691 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 19, 2005 Tuesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BOOZE, BABES & A DWARF Wall St. Apparently Paid Tab for Kozlowski Fest. Lavish
Bachelor Party For Future Son-In-Law. Of Disgraced Exec OF DISGRACED EXEC

BYLINE: BY DAVE GOLDINER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 567 words


A PLUSH BACHELOR PARTY for disgraced tycoon Dennis Kozlowski's son-in-law
included booze, scantily clad women on a yacht and even a dwarf for hire - and
Wall Street companies apparently paid for all the hijinks.

Private jets whisked a crew of money men down to Miami from Boston and New York
for the no-expense-spared weekend shindig for Thomas Bruderman, then a hotshot
trader at Fidelity and the future hubby of Sandra Kozlowski.

The Securities and Exchange Commission is investigating whether firms eager for
Fidelity's business helped foot the bill for the March 2003 bash, The Wall
Street Journal reported yesterday.

A federal grand jury in Boston is looking into whether corporate money was used
for prostitutes and drugs during the weekend, the paper said.

Besides bikini-clad women plunging off the boat and waiters arriving on Jet
Skis, the bash included 4-foot-2 Danny Black, who rents out himself and other
little people for all occasions through his shortdwarf.com Web site.

"I'm like the Heidi Fleiss of dwarfdom," Black explained to the Daily News
yesterday.

Black wouldn't say who hired him and said he only found out last week that he
was entertaining one of the poster boys for corporate piggery. Kozlowski was
awaiting trial at the time for using Tyco money for lavish personal expenses.

"Dennis was the guy with the $7,000 shower curtain, and now I'm like the 29-cent
dwarf," said Black, whose rates really start at $150 an hour.

Thomas Bruderman's father pooh-poohed reports of wild bacchanalia.

"It wasn't like a three-ring circus, it was a nice party," said the dad, also
named Thomas Bruderman, 63, of Fairfield, Conn. "There was only one dwarf. His
name was Dan. He wasn't a clown or anything. He was just a nice short person."

Bruderman said he had no idea Black was hired for the event - and never wondered
why he was on board.

"If a short person comes to a wedding, what do you do, go up to him and ask,
'What are you doing, you dwarf?' " Bruderman asked. "He was funny, he was nice.
He was just like one of the guests."

The father of the groom said there were only a couple of young women on the
boat. He believed them to be girlfriends of his son's pals.

He insisted Kozlowski - who once blew $2 million on a Roman-themed birthday
party for his wife on the Mediterranean island of Sardinia - sat next to him,
sipping white wine and munching on sandwiches.

"Dennis was with me most of the time," Bruderman said. "It wasn't like he was
with a midget or anything."

After the yacht docked, the bachelor party moved to Miami's landmark Delano
Hotel on South Beach for the rest of the weekend.

According to The Journal, investigators are looking into whether Bruderman and
others enlisted their companies to pay for the shindig as a business expense.

Federal regulators are probing whether that would violate rules prohibiting
firms from paying for anything other than "ordinary and usual business
entertainment."

Bruderman was later disciplined by Fidelity and has since quit his post at the
$1.1 trillion mutual fund giant.

Kozlowski was convicted last month of looting Tyco of hundreds of millions and
faces up to 30 years behind bars when he is sentenced next month.

The elder Bruderman said he is amazed at all the fuss over his son's bachelor
party.

"Now there's probably going to be a protest by the national short people's
association," he said. "I can't believe this."

dgoldiner@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Danny the dwarf Disgraced tycoon Dennis Kozlowski and daughter Sandy.
At rear is Miami's Delano Hotel, weekend site of bachelor party for Kozlowski's
future son-in-law. PHOTOS BY AP/GETTY IMAGES

DOCUMENT-TYPE: FRONT PAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                              692 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      January 22, 2016 Friday 2:36 PM GMT

Gangster Stephen Clarke shared "black market cash" with Liverpool property
developer, court hears;
Feared security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, denied his friend in the property
industry laundered his money

BYLINE: By Jonathan Humphries

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 680 words


A feared gangster exchanged "large quantities of black market cash" with a
prominent Liverpool property developer, prosecutors claimed today.

Security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, was subjected to further interrogation on his
dealings with the businessman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, at an
ongoing Proceeds of Crime hearing at Preston Crown Court.

Clarke and his brother Peter Clarke, 37, headed a sprawling criminal network
which trafficked cocaine and cannabis to Northern Ireland and Manchester. The
pair were jailed for a combined 26 and a half years in 2013.

Now the brothers are locked in a battle over their alleged £2m fortune, which
prosecutors claim is "squirrelled away in a murky web of hidden assets" linked
to Stephen and Peter, and their respective wives Rachel and Maria Clarke.

Nick Johnson, QC, prosecuting, described detectives observing Clarke handing a
bag, containing £50,000 cash, to an employee of the developer.

Clarke earlier claimed the money was a loan to help his friend finance a deal.

Mr Johnson suggested: "(The developer) knew this was all dodgy money, he knew
this was all the proceeds of crime didn't he?"

Clarke conceded: "It was all untaxed money."

Mr Johnson said: "He is a money launderer isn't he? He is someone who is
prepared to take large quantities of black market cash."

Clarke replied: "He is a property developer, Mr Johnson."

He was also grilled by Mr Johnson over a £115,000 worth of payments he received
from the developer, declared to HM Revenue &amp; Customs as rental income and
paid into to his bank account over three years.

Clarke explained the money was for ensuring his friend's development sites were
not damaged by criminals in the city, and told the court he had a "network" he
could use to "speak to people" causing any trouble.

But Mr Johnson said: "The reality of it is this was dodgy money coming to you
from (the developer), and you can't offer any sensible justification for having
received it."

The court also heard evidence about Clarke's involvement in his brother's drugs
conspiracy.

He told the court he only became involved in the "Green" (cannabis) conspiracy
after struggling to recoup two £100,000 loans to David Byron and Mark Wyatt.

He said: "I got involved in something I should never have been involved in. I
put my wife and kids through that and I will never put them through it again."

The court also heard evidence from accountant David Fairhurst, who prepared a
report on businesses linked to Clarke.

Under questioning from Nigel Power, QC, defending, he said dividends paid to a
joint bank account belonging to Stephen and Rachel Clarke, from Clarke's various
security and scaffolding firms, broadly matched earnings he declared as tax.

However Mr Johnson asked about two firms, Safe Scaff One and Stealth Security,
which did not send full accounts when asked by Mr Fairhurst.

Mr Fairhurst said Clarke's solicitors informed him the records for Stealth had
been destroyed, while he never received any explanation about Safe Scaff One.

The court also heard from 42-year-old John Dwyer, a contracts manager for
Clarke's most successful security agency, Premier Approved, which is still
operating.

Mr Johnson alleged earlier in proceedings that the business, which works by
charging a commission for finding other companies work guarding building sites,
was "highly suspicious."

The court heard the business is run by Lyndsey Dally, the wife of Clarke's
business partner Kevin Dally, alongside Clarke's father William Clarke.

Under questioning from Mr Power, Mr Dwyer said he "found the work" through a
network of contacts in the construction industry before deciding which security
firm would be most suited to the job.

He said Premier had provided firms for security work on sites including the
Royal Liverpool Hospital and schools across Liverpool.

Mr Johnson began cross examining Mr Dwyer on his contacts and he was able to
provide a list of names linked to major firms including Redrow homes, Wilmot
Dixon, Carillion and Morgan Sindall.

The complex Proceeds of Crime Act hearing is set to continue into February.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     January 21, 2016 Thursday 9:35 AM GMT

Gangster Stephen Clarke shared "black market cash" with Liverpool property
developer, court hears;
Feared security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, denied his friend in the property
industry laundered his money

BYLINE: By Jonathan Humphries

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 687 words


A feared gangster exchanged "large quantities of black market cash" with a
prominent Liverpool property developer, prosecutors claimed today.

Security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, was subjected to further interrogation on his
dealings with the businessman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, at an
ongoing Proceeds of Crime hearing at Preston Crown Court.

Clarke and his brother Peter Clarke, 37, headed a sprawling criminal network
which trafficked cocaine and cannabis to Northern Ireland and Manchester. The
pair were jailed for a combined 26 and a half years in 2013.

Now the brothers are locked in a battle over their alleged £2m fortune, which
prosecutors claim is "squirrelled away in a murky web of hidden assets" linked
to Stephen and Peter, and their respective wives Rachel and Maria Clarke.

Nick Johnson, QC, prosecuting, described detectives observing Clarke handing a
bag, containing £50,000 cash, to an employee of the developer.

Clarke earlier claimed the money was a loan to help his friend finance a deal.

Mr Johnson suggested: "(The developer) knew this was all dodgy money, he knew
this was all the proceeds of crime didn't he?"

Clarke conceded: "It was all untaxed money."

Mr Johnson said: "He is a money launderer isn't he? He is someone who is
prepared to take large quantities of black market cash."

Clarke replied: "He is a property developer, Mr Johnson."

He was also grilled by Mr Johnson over a £115,000 worth of payments he received
from the developer, declared to HM Revenue &amp; Customs as rental income and
paid into to his bank account over three years.

Clarke explained the money was for ensuring his friend's development sites were
not damaged by criminals in the city, and told the court he had a "network" he
could use to "speak to people" causing any trouble.

But Mr Johnson said: "The reality of it is this was dodgy money coming to you
from (the developer), and you can't offer any sensible justification for having
received it."

The court also heard evidence about Clarke's involvement in his brother's drugs
conspiracy.

He told the court he only became involved in the "Green" (cannabis) conspiracy
after struggling to recoup two £100,000 loans to convicted drug dealers David
Byron and Mark Wyatt.

He said: "I got involved in something I should never have been involved in. I
put my wife and kids through that and I will never put them through it again."

The court also heard evidence from accountant David Fairhurst, who prepared a
report on businesses linked to Clarke.

Under questioning from Nigel Power, QC, defending, he said dividends paid to a
joint bank account belonging to Stephen and Rachel Clarke, from Clarke's various
security and scaffolding firms, broadly matched earnings he declared as tax.

However Mr Johnson asked about two firms, Safe Scaff One and Stealth Security,
which did not send full accounts when asked by Mr Fairhurst.

Mr Fairhurst said Clarke's solicitors informed him the records for Stealth had
been destroyed, while he never received any explanation about Safe Scaff One.

The court also heard from 42-year-old John Dwyer, a contracts manager for
Clarke's most successful security agency, Premier Approved, which is still
operating.

Mr Johnson alleged earlier in proceedings that the business, which works by
charging a commission for finding other companies work guarding building sites,
was "highly suspicious."

The court heard the business is run by Lyndsey Dally, the wife of Clarke's
business partner Kevin Dally, alongside Clarke's father William Clarke.

Under questioning from Mr Power, Mr Dwyer said he "found the work" through a
network of contacts in the construction industry before deciding which security
firm would be most suited to the job.

He said Premier had provided firms for security work on sites including the
Royal Liverpool Hospital and schools across Liverpool.

Mr Johnson began cross examining Mr Dwyer on his contacts and he was able to
provide a list of names linked to major firms including Redrow homes, Wilmot
Dixon, Carillion and Morgan Sindall.

The complex Proceeds of Crime Act hearing is set to continue into February.

MOST SHOCKING VIDEOS

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                     January 20, 2016 Wednesday 8:46 PM GMT

Gangster Stephen Clarke shared "black market cash" with Liverpool property
developer, court hears;
Feared security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, denied his friend in the property
industry laundered his money

BYLINE: By Jonathan Humphries

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 684 words


A feared gangster exchanged "large quantities of black market cash" with a
prominent Liverpool property developer, prosecutors claimed today.

Security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, was subjected to further interrogation on his
dealings with the businessman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, at an
ongoing Proceeds of Crime hearing at Preston Crown Court.

Clarke and his brother Peter Clarke, 37, headed a sprawling criminal network
which trafficked cocaine and cannabis to Northern Ireland and Manchester. The
pair were jailed for a combined 26 and a half years in 2013.

Now the brothers are locked in a battle over their alleged £2m fortune, which
prosecutors claim is "squirrelled away in a murky web of hidden assets" linked
to Stephen and Peter, and their respective wives Rachel and Maria Clarke.

Nick Johnson, QC, prosecuting, described detectives observing Clarke handing a
bag, containing £50,000 cash, to an employee of the developer.

Clarke earlier claimed the money was a loan to help his friend finance a deal.

Mr Johnson suggested: "(The developer) knew this was all dodgy money, he knew
this was all the proceeds of crime didn't he?"

Clarke conceded: "It was all untaxed money."

Mr Johnson said: "He is a money launderer isn't he? He is someone who is
prepared to take large quantities of black market cash."

Clarke replied: "He is a property developer, Mr Johnson."

He was also grilled by Mr Johnson over a £115,000 worth of payments he received
from the developer, declared to HM Revenue &amp; Customs as rental income and
paid into to his bank account over three years.

Clarke explained the money was for ensuring his friend's development sites were
not damaged by criminals in the city, and told the court he had a "network" he
could use to "speak to people" causing any trouble.

But Mr Johnson said: "The reality of it is this was dodgy money coming to you
from (the developer), and you can't offer any sensible justification for having
received it."

The court also heard evidence about Clarke's involvement in his brother's drugs
conspiracy.

He told the court he only became involved in the "Green" (cannabis) conspiracy
after struggling to recoup two £100,000 loans to convicted drug dealers David
Byron and Mark Wyatt.

He said: "I got involved in something I should never have been involved in. I
put my wife and kids through that and I will never put them through it again."

The court also heard evidence from accountant David Fairhurst, who prepared a
report on businesses linked to Clarke.

Under questioning from Nigel Power, QC, defending, he said dividends paid to a
joint bank account belonging to Stephen and Rachel Clarke, from Clarke's various
security and scaffolding firms, broadly matched earnings he declared as tax.

However Mr Johnson asked about two firms, Safe Scaff One and Stealth Security,
which did not send full accounts when asked by Mr Fairhurst.

Mr Fairhurst said Clarke's solicitors informed him the records for Stealth had
been destroyed, while he never received any explanation about Safe Scaff One.

The court also heard from 42-year-old John Dwyer, a contracts manager for
Clarke's most successful security agency, Premier Approved, which is still
operating.

Mr Johnson alleged earlier in proceedings that the business, which works by
charging a commission for finding other companies work guarding building sites,
was "highly suspicious."

The court heard the business is run by Lyndsey Dally, the wife of Clarke's
business partner Kevin Dally, alongside Clarke's father William Clarke.

Under questioning from Mr Power, Mr Dwyer said he "found the work" through a
network of contacts in the construction industry before deciding which security
firm would be most suited to the job.

He said Premier had provided firms for security work on sites including the
Royal Liverpool Hospital and schools across Liverpool.

Mr Johnson began cross examining Mr Dwyer on his contacts and he was able to
provide a list of names linked to major firms including Redrow homes, Wilmot
Dixon, Carillion and Morgan Sindall.

The complex Proceeds of Crime Act hearing is set to continue into February.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                              July 18, 2016 Monday

Congressional black corruption

BYLINE: by Michelle Malkin

LENGTH: 555 words


If Black Lives Matter, then why have entrenched members of the Congressional
Black Caucus spent more time enriching themselves than taking care of their
neglected constituents?

Instead of moaning about "#WhitePrivilege," I invite radical racial identity
warriors to join me in taking on the black political elites selling out their
people. Help expose the most crooked members of the caucus of congressional
black corruption:

Corrine Brown: This 12-term Democrat from Florida received a 24-count federal
indictment while her Congressional Black Caucus colleagues tried to drown out
the news with diversionary gun-control theatrics. Brown and her chief of staff
are charged with creating a fraudulent education charity to collect more than
$800,000 in donations from major corporations and philanthropies for their own
private slush fund between 2012 and early 2016.

Despite raising nearly a million bucks, Brown's "charity" issued only two measly
educational scholarships for minority students.

Chaka Fattah: This 11-term Pennsylvania Democrat was convicted in late June on
23 charges of racketeering, money laundering and fraud, along with four other
co-defendants. Fattah's crimes are tied to schemes to repay an illegal $1
million campaign loan. He siphoned off federal grant money and nonprofit funds
(including donations to his educational foundation "" sound familiar?) to pay
off political consultants.

Eddie Bernice Johnson: The 12-term Democrat from Dallas similarly helped steer
thousands of dollars in Congressional Black Caucus Foundation college
scholarships for four family members and two of her top aide's children in
violation of the nonprofit's rules.

Maxine Waters: This 13-term Beltway swamp queen from California and past chair
of the Congressional Black Caucus walked away with a slap on the wrist from the
toothless House Ethics Committee in 2012 after being charged with multiple
ethics violations related to her meddling in minority-owned OneUnited Bank.

The banks' executives donated $12,500 to Mad Maxine's congressional campaigns.
Her husband, Sidney Williams, was an investor in one of the banks that merged
into OneUnited. As stockholders, they profited handsomely from their
relationship with the bank.

Then there's Alcee Hastings, the 12-term Florida corruptocrat impeached by a
federal judge in 1989 for making false statements and producing false documents
in a 1983 criminal trial accusing him of seeking a $150,000 bribe. He went on to
win a seat in Congress in 1992 and used his position to enrich his various lady
friends, including paying one girlfriend-turned-congressional deputy district
director more than half a million dollars in salary.

Those are just the start. There's Texas' Sheila Jackson Lee and the Medicare
fraud racket involving a local hospital in her district; Greg Meeks and his
$400,000 earmark for a fake health clinic in New York City; and Wisconsin's Gwen
Moore and her lucrative friends and family. And, of course, the ethics
violations, shady business deals and tax troubles from New York's Charlie Rangel
deserve their own encyclopedia.

My message for BLM? Put down your black power fists and weapons. Aim your
outrage at self-serving black leaders and their abject failure to improve black
people's lives.

Michelle Malkin is a senior editor at Conservative Review.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday
                                 Metro Edition

Spokane cigarette wholesalers indicted;
$84 million sought in money-laundering, trafficking case;

BYLINE: Bill Morlin Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 828 words


A federal grand jury returned a 58-count money-laundering indictment Thursday,
seeking $84 million from two Spokane wholesalers accused of supplying untaxed
cigarettes to Coeur d'Alene tribal businesses who smuggled them back into
Washington.

Named in the indictment are L.A. Nelson Co., doing business as Burke's
Distributing, and its owners, Douglas E. Burke, 51, and Brandon E. Donahue, 34;
and Black Sheep Distributing Inc., and its owner, Brian T. Donahue, 30, all of
Spokane.

The indictment alleges the Spokane wholesale companies sold at least 4 million
cartons of untaxed cigarettes to the Coeur d'Alene smoke shops, which in turn
shipped the cigarettes to retail outlets in Washington.

"This is a significant case - that's obvious by the amount of money involved,"
U.S. Attorney Jim McDevitt said Thursday afternoon when contacted by cell phone
while returning to Spokane from Yakima where the grand jury indictment was
returned.

Spokane attorneys David Groesbeck and Carl Oreskovich, representing the
wholesale distributors and their owners, said the businesses did nothing wrong
and will vigorously defend themselves against the charges.

The indictment accuses the defendants of three conspiracy counts; 12 counts of
trafficking in contraband cigarettes; 12 counts of record-keeping violations; 27
counts of money laundering and four counts of counterfeit goods trafficking.

Also charged in the indictment are Joseph D. Dunsmoor, 30, of Spokane; Marianne
Willard, 55, of Plummer, Idaho; and Mitchell Sivina, 36, of Miami, Fla.

The new indictment is the latest development in a state and federal
investigation that started with a series of raids on smoke shops on the Coeur
d'Alene Indian Reservation in 2003.

Those raids led to guilty pleas from eight defendants involved in a conspiracy
to smuggle millions of dollars of untaxed cigarettes from smoke shops on the
Coeur d'Alene reservation to 12 locations on Washington state Indian
reservations where they were sold without tax stamps to non-Indians at
cheaper-than-retail prices.

As part of plea bargains, it is likely that some or all of those defendants
agreed to cooperate with state and federal investigators in building the new
case against the Spokane wholesale businesses that supplied the cigarettes.

The conspiracy between 1999 and 2003 cost the state of Washington an estimated
$23 million in lost taxes.

The indictment seeks a $78 million judgment against L.A. Nelson Co. - doing
business as Burke's Distributing - Douglas Burke and Brandon Donahue and
forfeiture of the company's warehouse, located at 910 N. Nelson.

Burke said "none" when asked if he had any comment about being named in the
criminal indictment.

It also seeks a $5 million judgment against Black Sheep Inc. and its sole owner,
Brian T. Donahue, and a $30,420 judgment against Mitchell Sivina. Black Sheep's
business is located in leased space at 2914 E. Boone.

The indictment also seeks forfeiture of $384,240 obtained from the sale of
almost 12 million contraband cigarettes seized by federal and state agents in
May 2003 in Plummer, Idaho; $399,000 in U.S. currency seized from a bank account
and another $500,000 seized in Plummer.

Groesbeck said his client, Burke's Distributing, has been in business as a
wholesale cigarette distributor in Spokane for 40 years.

"Over those years, the company has sold cigarettes to many wholesale
distributors and retailers and businesses operating on Indian reservations,"
Groesbeck said.

"The company has always complied with federal, state and local laws and followed
the spirit and the letter of the law."

The state Department of Revenue, in prior legal proceedings, "has confirmed that
Burke's Distributing has always had an exemplary record and passed every
department audit in the company's 40 years of existence," the company's attorney
said.

"When Burke's Distributing had questions or concerns pertaining to the sale of
cigarettes to Indian tribes and retail outlets on reservation, the company has
always followed Department of Revenue instructions and advice," Groesbeck said.

"The company complied in this instance, too, and got specific instructions that
it was perfectly legal to sell wholesale cigarettes to tribal businesses on the
Coeur d'Alene reservation," he said.

"Burke's Distributing and Mr. Doug Burke will vigorously defend this case and
will prove their innocence," Groesbeck said.

Oreskovich, representing Black Sheep and its owner, Brian T. Donahue, offered a
similar response.

"It is unfortunate that the government has chosen to turn what it previously
recognized as a civil case now into a criminal proceeding," Oreskovich said.

"However, we will play the cards we are dealt and take the government to task in
the courtroom."

SIDEBAR:

THE CHARGES

The 58-count indictment includes:

*3 counts of conspiracy

*12 counts of trafficking in contraband cigarettes

*12 counts of record-keeping violations

*27 counts of money laundering

*4 counts of goods trafficking

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              697 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                              June 15, 2007 Friday
                                 Idaho Edition

Spokane cigarette wholesalers indicted;
$84 million sought in money-laundering, trafficking case;

BYLINE: Bill Morlin Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 828 words


A federal grand jury returned a 58-count money-laundering indictment Thursday,
seeking $84 million from two Spokane wholesalers accused of supplying untaxed
cigarettes to Coeur d'Alene tribal businesses who smuggled them back into
Washington.

Named in the indictment are L.A. Nelson Co., doing business as Burke's
Distributing, and its owners, Douglas E. Burke, 51, and Brandon E. Donahue, 34;
and Black Sheep Distributing Inc., and its owner, Brian T. Donahue, 30, all of
Spokane.

The indictment alleges the Spokane wholesale companies sold at least 4 million
cartons of untaxed cigarettes to the Coeur d'Alene smoke shops, which in turn
shipped the cigarettes to retail outlets in Washington.

"This is a significant case - that's obvious by the amount of money involved,"
U.S. Attorney Jim McDevitt said Thursday afternoon when contacted by cell phone
while returning to Spokane from Yakima where the grand jury indictment was
returned.

Spokane attorneys David Groesbeck and Carl Oreskovich, representing the
wholesale distributors and their owners, said the businesses did nothing wrong
and will vigorously defend themselves against the charges.

The indictment accuses the defendants of three conspiracy counts; 12 counts of
trafficking in contraband cigarettes; 12 counts of record-keeping violations; 27
counts of money laundering and four counts of counterfeit goods trafficking.

Also charged in the indictment are Joseph D. Dunsmoor, 30, of Spokane; Marianne
Willard, 55, of Plummer, Idaho; and Mitchell Sivina, 36, of Miami, Fla.

The new indictment is the latest development in a state and federal
investigation that started with a series of raids on smoke shops on the Coeur
d'Alene Indian Reservation in 2003.

Those raids led to guilty pleas from eight defendants involved in a conspiracy
to smuggle millions of dollars of untaxed cigarettes from smoke shops on the
Coeur d'Alene reservation to 12 locations on Washington state Indian
reservations where they were sold without tax stamps to non-Indians at
cheaper-than-retail prices.

As part of plea bargains, it is likely that some or all of those defendants
agreed to cooperate with state and federal investigators in building the new
case against the Spokane wholesale businesses that supplied the cigarettes.

The conspiracy between 1999 and 2003 cost the state of Washington an estimated
$23 million in lost taxes.

The indictment seeks a $78 million judgment against L.A. Nelson Co. - doing
business as Burke's Distributing - Douglas Burke and Brandon Donahue and
forfeiture of the company's warehouse, located at 910 N. Nelson.

Burke said "none" when asked if he had any comment about being named in the
criminal indictment.

It also seeks a $5 million judgment against Black Sheep Inc. and its sole owner,
Brian T. Donahue, and a $30,420 judgment against Mitchell Sivina. Black Sheep's
business is located in leased space at 2914 E. Boone.

The indictment also seeks forfeiture of $384,240 obtained from the sale of
almost 12 million contraband cigarettes seized by federal and state agents in
May 2003 in Plummer, Idaho; $399,000 in U.S. currency seized from a bank account
and another $500,000 seized in Plummer.

Groesbeck said his client, Burke's Distributing, has been in business as a
wholesale cigarette distributor in Spokane for 40 years.

"Over those years, the company has sold cigarettes to many wholesale
distributors and retailers and businesses operating on Indian reservations,"
Groesbeck said.

"The company has always complied with federal, state and local laws and followed
the spirit and the letter of the law."

The state Department of Revenue, in prior legal proceedings, "has confirmed that
Burke's Distributing has always had an exemplary record and passed every
department audit in the company's 40 years of existence," the company's attorney
said.

"When Burke's Distributing had questions or concerns pertaining to the sale of
cigarettes to Indian tribes and retail outlets on reservation, the company has
always followed Department of Revenue instructions and advice," Groesbeck said.

"The company complied in this instance, too, and got specific instructions that
it was perfectly legal to sell wholesale cigarettes to tribal businesses on the
Coeur d'Alene reservation," he said.

"Burke's Distributing and Mr. Doug Burke will vigorously defend this case and
will prove their innocence," Groesbeck said.

Oreskovich, representing Black Sheep and its owner, Brian T. Donahue, offered a
similar response.

"It is unfortunate that the government has chosen to turn what it previously
recognized as a civil case now into a criminal proceeding," Oreskovich said.

"However, we will play the cards we are dealt and take the government to task in
the courtroom."

SIDEBAR:

THE CHARGES

The 58-count indictment includes:

*3 counts of conspiracy

*12 counts of trafficking in contraband cigarettes

*12 counts of record-keeping violations

*27 counts of money laundering

*4 counts of goods trafficking

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              698 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 February 21, 1995, Tuesday, FIVE STAR Edition

BAILEY SAYS OPPONENT PAID PAPER FOR SUPPORT; BUT SENTINEL SAYS IT TOOK NO MONEY
FROM SLAY

BYLINE: Thom Gross Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 355 words


Velma Gene Bailey, a candidate for aldermanic president, has accused the St.
Louis Metro Sentinel newspaper of taking money to endorse an opponent, Francis
G. Slay.

Bailey said Monday that she had no evidence of a payment to the Metro Sentinel.
She said she believed that Slay's campaign purchased an article about the
election because the newspaper's editor, Mike Williams, "said I could get
something, too, if I paid him like the other candidate did."

Williams responded, "That's an outright lie.

Both Williams and Slay denied any payment for the article on Slay.

The Sentinel is a black-oriented weekly published on Thursdays. Last week, the
newspaper published a front-page article by Williams analyzing the race for
aldermanic president.

The article included a subhead reading: "Past Patterns And Practice Of Black
Voters Suggest That Two Blacks Cannot Win; Slay Looks Good."

The article said that the election would give Mayor Freeman Bosley Jr. an
opportunity to bond with white, South Side politicians. "The one to arrange that
relationship with is Atty. Francis Slay, alderman of the powerful 23rd Ward,"
the article says.

It reported Slay's numerous endorsements by black officials and said Bailey's
organization was not viable and lacked the ability to raise money.

Slay said Monday, "We've never bought anything from the Sentinel. Whatever Mike
Williams does over there, he doesn't check with us."

Williams disputed that the article was an endorsement of Slay and said the
newspaper had yet to endorse anyone in the race. The newspaper has received no
money from Slay, he said.

Williams said Bailey "is just sore because she's black and I don't think she can
win."

The Sentinel's office is in Bailey's ward. The newspaper frequently has
criticized Bailey and her allies.

Bailey, alderman from the 19th Ward, is one of two blacks seeking the office.
Slay is one of five whites after the job.

Bailey said the average reader would interpret the article as an endorsement.
She said she had asked the Missouri Ethics Commission and the U.S. Attorney's
office to investigate the matter.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              699 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 6, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Black college fund nurtures schools at key time in history

BYLINE: DeWayne Wickham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 654 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


ATLANTA -- It wasn't too long ago that Thomas Cole Jr. dreaded
the approaching new millennium.

Like many other college administrators, the president of Clark
Atlanta University worried that he didn't have the money to upgrade
the internal clocks in his school's computers before the arrival
of the year 2000, a date many older systems won't recognize.

Had that happened, computers in the university's dorms, labs and
offices possibly faced debilitating snafus in the early days of
next year -- problems that could have disrupted the school's operations.

But $ 500,000 from the United Negro College Fund allowed the college
to upgrade its system and avert that potential disaster.


"We would have probably limped into the 21st century if it hadn't
been for UNCF," Cole said.

Money -- lots of it -- is the key to keeping open the doors of
the 39 black colleges and universities in the UNCF.

Since its creation in 1944, the fund has raised an impressive
$ 1.4 billion. But even more impressive is the fact that half of
this total has been generated since September 1991, the month
Bill Gray became president of the nation's largest black charity.

Gray has sparked a surge in contributions to the black college
group at a time when the access of African-Americans to higher
education at traditionally white schools has come under attack.
The money is coming from a cross section of corporations and individuals
tapped for help by the former Democratic House majority whip.

"Many people, regardless of their ideological leanings, understand
that education is the key to opportunity in this country," Gray
said of his fund-raising success. "My job has been easy. All
I've had to do is tell them of the good job the UNCF schools are
doing educating black students."

Not true. He's done much more.

Struggling against tide

To raise $ 770 million in eight years, Gray has had to swim against
the current of a decade in which opposition to affirmative action
in higher education has restricted college opportunities for African-Americans.
He has expanded support for UNCF schools at a time when civil
rights groups complain many businesses are backing away from their
commitment to racial diversity.

Gray credits his success to having a "good product" to pitch.
But I credit it to his tenacity. He refuses to give ground when
it comes to questions about the need for the continued existence
of the black schools he represents.

Time to expand

"Why do we need Catholic colleges?" Gray snapped when asked
about the role of black schools. "Why do we need Jewish, Methodist
or Baptist colleges?

"Because, like black schools, they are a nurturing ground for
the students they serve. This is not the time to close down black
colleges. This is the time to expand their capacity."

That is just what has happened. In the past decade, the enrollment
at the UNCF schools has risen 20%. They number only 2% of the
nation's higher-education institutions, but enroll 7% of all African-American
college students. Between 1990 and 1997, the number of bachelor's
degrees awarded by UNCF schools rose 46%. Graduate degrees rose
by roughly a third from 1992 to 1997.

That's a dramatic record of achievement that highlights the importance
of the UNCF schools at a time when the campaign against affirmative
action in public higher-education institutions is picking up steam.

UNCF schools are not only a guard against such an effort, but
they also are an educational alternative that has become increasingly
competitive as a result of Gray's fund-raising success.

Because of his efforts, the challenges the UNCF schools will face
in the new millennium won't come from faulty computer systems
but from a growth in student enrollment -- an expansion that will
be fueled by the money Bill Gray is raising to strengthen these
badly needed schools.

LOAD-DATE: July 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              700 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 25, 1978, Friday, Final Edition

Stapleton Issues Statement on Her Belief, Position

BYLINE: MARJORIE HYER

SECTION: Religion; World of Religion; C16

LENGTH: 408 words


Ruth Carter Stapleton, besieged with criticism after a Newsweek cover story last
month that quoted her as saying she believed Jesus was "just a man," has issued
a "definitive statement of my beliefs and positions for all time."

The 5 1/2-page statement asserts that (a) she was misquoted (Newsweek writer
Kenneth L. Woodward says he has tape recordings to support his story), and (b)
what she meant was that "Jesus was fully a man" but that He also was the
"incarnate Son of God," and © that she'll try to be more precise in the future,
having become "belatedly aware that every word I utter or write is now seemingly
of public interest" because she is Jimmy Carter's sister.

The U.S. Catholic Conference (USCC) has petitioned the Supreme Court to remove
lay teachers in Catholic elementary and secondary schools from jurisdiction of
the National Labor Relations Board.  A friend-of-the-court brief filed in a case
involving the Archdiocese of Chicago and the Diocese of Fort Wayne-South Bend
contends that such "governmental interference in the operation of a religious
enterprise" violates the free exercise of religion clause of the First
Amendment.

In commenting on the brief, Bishop Thomas C. Kelly, general secretary of the
USCC, pointed out that involvement by the national church agency "in no way
challenges or departs from the longstanding social teaching of the church or
collective bargaining."

The Rev. Dr. Thomas A. Kilgore Jr., retiring president of the Progressive
National Baptist Convention, has urged pastors of the black business and
industry.

Addressing the 17-year-old denomination's annual conference, Kilgore pointed out
that more than 90 percent of the money earned by blacks goes out of the black
community.

Said the Los Angeles minister: "Our 41 black commercial banks, 40 savings and
loans and 39 black insurance companies all need greater support from the black
community.  Their assets of $2,074,000,000 could be easily be 10 times larger if
one half of the black money in white banks, saving and loans and insurance
companies was withdrawn and placed in black financial institutions."

The Jewish Community Information Council has launched a "Jews for Jews"
newsletter to help combat efforts to convert Jews, particularly when such
attempts involve subterfuge.

The letter is available free from the council, Post Office Box 11, Lawrence,
N.Y. 11559.  A stamped, self-addressed envelope is required.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, RUTH CARTER STAPLETON, . . . remarks about Jesus stirs dispute

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              701 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      April 2, 1993, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Morning tee time helps Stewart to early lead

BYLINE: Gary Mihoces

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 674 words


An early tee time helped Payne Stewart get halfway through the course before the
wind kicked up, and he took the opening-round lead Thursday in the $ 1 million
PGA Tour Freeport-McMoRan Classic at New Orleans.

Stewart was on the ninth hole by the time the wind accelerated to storm
strength, giving him just nine holes to battle the gale. His 2-under-par 70 gave
him a one-stroke lead.

"It was a very good score under the conditions," Stewart said.

Early starters Mike Standly and Duffy Waldorf shot 71s. Ed Fiori and Bill
Kratzert had 71s in the afternoon.

"That's the best I could do out there," Fiori said. "It was hard to stand up,
let alone hit your driver or chip or putt."

By late afternoon, winds gusting to 35 mph whipped up the ponds and flapped
flags like hurricane banners.

Greg Norman had a 77, Nick Faldo was 6-over-par and Ben Crenshaw, with a double
bogey on No. 7 and a triple bogey on No. 10, finished at 77. David Frost had a
78. Defending champion Chip Beck finished at 7-over 79.

COLLEGES: Forty-eight percent of black athletes who were Big Ten freshmen in
1985-86 earned diplomas within six years, compared with 68% of white athletes,
according to the Chicago Tribune. Academics and sociologists say a cultural gap,
"black male machismo" and the lure of pro sports contribute to the gap. "Most
people think the only reason (blacks) are on campus is because they're
athletes," said Charlie Wilson, athletic academic adviser at Michigan State.
"There's overt and covert racism. There is a cultural gap." Gary Sailes, who
studies sports and sociology at Indiana, said some black athletes are called
"white boy" or "sissy" if they succeed in the classroom. "It's part of the black
male machismo," he said.

Two former Creighton baseball players say an exuberant distribution of meal
money might be at the heart of reports the Bluejays violated NCAA rules
involving extra benefits to athletes. Former pitchers Brad Kucera and Marty
Novakov told the Omaha World-Herald the incident involving coach Jim Hendry
occurred after a 1987 victory against Miami (Fla.). Said Novakov: "We had two
vans. There were probably 10 people in each van. Coach took a $ 100 bill and put
one in each van, then told us to go out and have a good time." Said Kucera: "We
had not received our meal money for the day. . . . I had a couple of Pop-Tarts
and some juice, which I paid for with my own money."

Also: Without admitting he did anything wrong, a prominent Texas A&M booster
agreed to a one-year ban from contact with the school's athletic department, The
Dallas Morning News said. Warren A. Gilbert was found to have paid Aggies
football players for work not performed. . . . Former Maryland basketball star
Walt Williams, now an NBA rookie with Sacramento, has donated $ 125,000 to set
up a scholarship fund for minority students at the school. . . . Parrish
Casebier, Evansville's leading scorer, said Thursday he'll skip his final season
of basketball to seek a career in the NBA. . . . Central Michigan men's
basketball coach Keith Dambrot has been suspended for four days without pay for
using a racially derogatory term in front of his team. Dambrot allegedly used
the racial slurs late in the season when he spoke to his team and when he
referred to assistant coach Derrick McDowell.

JURISPRUDENCE: Former Cincinnati Bengals defensive back Lewis Billups was
indicted by a federal grand jury Thursday in Lexington, Ky., for making threats
against Washington Bullets player Rex Chapman. The indictment alleged Billups
twice called Chapman's sister, Jenny, March 18 to threaten her brother. The
calls apparently were prompted by Billups' jealousy of Jenny.

Former Nevada-Las Vegas basketball player Ander-son Hunt says he told a Las
Vegas grand jury he was never asked for favors from convicted sports fixer
Richard Perry. "They asked me did he ever ask me to throw a game," Hunt told the
Las Vegas Review-Journal. "They asked did he ever give me gifts. . . . He never
asked me to throw a game or anything of the sort."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Update

FROM USA TODAY'S NATIONAL NEWS NETWORK

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              702 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              liverpoolecho.co.uk

                      March 24, 2016 Thursday 8:15 AM GMT

Gangster Stephen Clarke shared "black market cash" with Liverpool property
developer, court hears;
Feared security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, denied his friend in the property
industry laundered his money

BYLINE: By Jonathan Humphries

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 729 words


A feared gangster exchanged "large quantities of black market cash" with a
prominent Liverpool property developer, prosecutors claimed today.

Security boss Stephen Clarke, 48, was subjected to further interrogation on his
dealings with the businessman, who cannot be named for legal reasons, at an
ongoing Proceeds of Crime hearing at Preston Crown Court.

Clarke and his brother Peter Clarke, 37, headed a sprawling criminal network
which trafficked cocaine and cannabis to Northern Ireland and Manchester. The
pair were jailed for a combined 26 and a half years in 2013.

Now the brothers are locked in a battle over their alleged £2m fortune, which
prosecutors claim is "squirrelled away in a murky web of hidden assets" linked
to Stephen and Peter, and their respective wives Rachel and Maria Clarke.

Nick Johnson, QC, prosecuting, described detectives observing Clarke handing a
bag, containing £50,000 cash, to an employee of the developer.

Clarke earlier claimed the money was a loan to help his friend finance a deal.

Mr Johnson suggested: "(The developer) knew this was all dodgy money, he knew
this was all the proceeds of crime didn't he?"

Clarke conceded: "It was all untaxed money."

Mr Johnson said: "He is a money launderer isn't he? He is someone who is
prepared to take large quantities of black market cash."

Clarke replied: "He is a property developer, Mr Johnson."

He was also grilled by Mr Johnson over a £115,000 worth of payments he received
from the developer, declared to HM Revenue &amp; Customs as rental income and
paid into to his bank account over three years.

Clarke explained the money was for ensuring his friend's development sites were
not damaged by criminals in the city, and told the court he had a "network" he
could use to "speak to people" causing any trouble.

But Mr Johnson said: "The reality of it is this was dodgy money coming to you
from (the developer), and you can't offer any sensible justification for having
received it."

The court also heard evidence about Clarke's involvement in his brother's drugs
conspiracy.

He told the court he only became involved in the "Green" (cannabis) conspiracy
after struggling to recoup two £100,000 loans to David Byron and Mark Wyatt.

He said: "I got involved in something I should never have been involved in. I
put my wife and kids through that and I will never put them through it again."

The court also heard evidence from accountant David Fairhurst, who prepared a
report on businesses linked to Clarke.

Under questioning from Nigel Power, QC, defending, he said dividends paid to a
joint bank account belonging to Stephen and Rachel Clarke, from Clarke's various
security and scaffolding firms, broadly matched earnings he declared as tax.

However Mr Johnson asked about two firms, Safe Scaff One and Stealth Security,
which did not send full accounts when asked by Mr Fairhurst.

Mr Fairhurst said Clarke's solicitors informed him the records for Stealth had
been destroyed, while he never received any explanation about Safe Scaff One.

The court also heard from 42-year-old John Dwyer, a contracts manager for
Clarke's most successful security agency, Premier Approved, which is still
operating.

Mr Johnson alleged earlier in proceedings that the business, which works by
charging a commission for finding other companies work guarding building sites,
was "highly suspicious."

The court heard the business is run by Lyndsey Dally, the wife of Clarke's
business partner Kevin Dally, alongside Clarke's father William Clarke.

Under questioning from Mr Power, Mr Dwyer said he "found the work" through a
network of contacts in the construction industry before deciding which security
firm would be most suited to the job.

He said Premier had provided firms for security work on sites including the
Royal Liverpool Hospital and schools across Liverpool.

Mr Johnson began cross examining Mr Dwyer on his contacts and he was able to
provide a list of names linked to major firms including Redrow homes, Wilmot
Dixon, Carillion and Morgan Sindall.

The complex Proceeds of Crime Act hearing is set to continue into February.

An earlier version of this article stated that David Byron had been convicted of
drug dealing. We acknowledge that this statement was factually inaccurate and
that Mr Byron does not have any drug convictions. We sincerely apologise for any
distress or inconvenience this error may have caused.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBLIV


                         Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday

POLICE BEAT

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 977  words


ANNAPOLIS AREA

Rockfish robbed

Someone robbed The Rockfish restaurant at gunpoint late Tuesday night, city
police said.

Officers were called to the restaurant in the 400 block of Sixth Street at 12:02
a.m. for a robbery that happened minutes before. Employees said a man had come
in at 11:30 p.m. and asked what time the bar closed, then left. He came back 25
minutes later and asked the bartender for change. The bartender was getting the
man change and, when the bartender looked up again, the man was pointing a
semiautomatic handgun at his face, police said.

The man threatened to shoot him if he didn't turn over money. The bartender took
out the cash drawer and the man took money out of it. He then demanded money
from customers, police said.

One of the victims saw the man leave in an older silver or light gray Honda or
Acura and followed him in her car, but lost him on President Street, police
said. He was described as a black man, 20 to 25 years old, 5 feet 9 inches tall
to 5 feet 10 inches tall, 180 to 200 pounds. He was wearing all black clothing,
including a black North Face jacket, and had a large silver ring on his right
ring finger. He was cleanshaven and had black dreadlocks, police said.

Ticket scam

A city man was scammed out of more than $1,700 when he tried to purchase World
Series baseball tickets through Craigslist.com, city police said.

The victim, a 47-year-old man, told police he'd been in contact with an online
seller to buy six tickets for the Saturday and Sunday games in Philadelphia for
$1,800.

The transaction was originally supposed to happen through PayPal, a third-party
online money-exchange program, but company officials contacted the victim and
said they would not perform the transaction because the seller was not in good
standing with them, police said.

After that method of payment was denied, the seller told the victim to send him
a MoneyGram for $1,700, and the victim did.

Days later, the victim received an empty envelope from the seller. The victim
was in contact with the seller in Florida several times after he received the
empty envelope but wasn't able to get his money back, police said.

Disorderly arrest

A city man was arrested Sunday afternoon after police said he was yelling and
threatening to blow up the Giant Food store on Bay Ridge Road.

Officers were called to the store at 1:20 p.m. for the report of the man
shouting obscenities and threatening to "blow the place up" while customers
entered and exited the store. Employees warned him several times to stop before
they called the police.

Mark Anthony Hicks, 51, of Old Annapolis Neck Road, was charged with disorderly
conduct, police said. Officers said they did not find any explosive devices on
him.

Jewelry stolen

Someone stole four pieces of jewelry Friday from the Avoca store on Main Street,
city police said.

Officers were called to the store just before 2 p.m. for the reported theft. An
employee said a man had taken three gold rings and a gold pendant from a display
while a woman distracted the employees, police said.

Officers were not able to find the pair and did not give a description. The
jewelry was valued at $1,188, police said.

Disorderly arrest

A Severna Park man was arrested downtown early Sunday after city police said he
yelled at officers and got in the way of an ambulance.

Officers were in the area of 26 Market Space at 1:01 a.m. assisting paramedics
with an injured person when a group of apparently intoxicated people claiming to
be friends of the victim got in the way, police said. Officers told them to move
so the ambulance could get by, but one man didn't comply, according to reports.

Police said they told the man three times to move away and that he shouted at
the officers, drawing an even larger crowd to the area.

The man continued to shout at police, saying "all you police want to do is lock
somebody up, so lock me up," police said. An officer placed the man under
arrest.

Paul Vinson Garner, 26, of Yorkshire Drive in Severna Park, was charged with
hindering police, disorderly conduct and failing to obey a lawful order, police
said.

On the way to the police station, Garner told the officer he would be getting in
trouble for arresting him because he works for the U.S. Department of the
Treasury, police said.

WEST COUNTY

Pedestrian struck

A 59-year-old man was critically injured Monday when he was struck by a car on
Laurel Fort Meade Road, county police and firefighters said.

Carlos Vasquez, 59, of an unknown address, was crossing Route 198 near Old Line
Road about 6:45 p.m. when he was struck by a 1999 Dodge that was traveling
eastbound, police said.

He was taken to the trauma center at Prince George's Hospital Center with head
and leg injuries, police said. A county Fire Department spokesman said Vasquez
suffered serious, life-threatening injuries. His condition was unavailable.

Police said Vasquez was wearing dark clothing and was not in a crosswalk.

The driver of the Dodge, Pamela Anne McDowell, 49, of Brooklyn Park, was not
injured.

NORTH COUNTY

Man still critical

A 50-year-old man who was trapped under a recreational vehicle he was working on
late Saturday afternoon in Pasadena remains in critical condition at the
Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore, hospital officials said.

Robert Prince Jr. of 1992 Poplar Road in Pasadena was working on an RV in the
8400 block of Forest Drive near the Lake Shore area about 5:15 p.m. when a
concrete pad beneath the vehicle broke, causing the RV to fall, said Justin
Mulcahy, a county police spokesman. It took county firefighters about 14 minutes
to free Prince from under the vehicle, county fire officials said.

He was taken by ambulance with life-threatening injuries to Baltimore Washington
Medical Center in Glen Burnie and has since been moved to the shock trauma
center. He remains in critical condition, said Cindy Rivers, a hospital
spokeswoman.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 10, 1998, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MONEY NEWS TO USE

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. B1

LENGTH: 205 words


Black investors are less inclined to buy stocks than white investors because
they're less likely to be informed about investing and don't have confidence in
financial advisers, a new study shows.

The report, commissioned by Chicago-based Ariel Capital Management and San
Francisco-based Charles Schwab Corp., found that only 22 percent of blacks
described themselves as "knowledgeable" investors. That compared with 36 percent
of whites. In the survey, 38 percent of blacks said that "lack of knowledge" was
a major reason not to invest, compared with 21 percent of whites.

"There are some very real barriers to increasing black investment in stocks and
stock funds," said Ariel President John Rogers, who is black.

The survey company, Yankelovich Partners Inc. of Norwalk, Conn., polled 500
blacks and 732 whites who have annual incomes of $ 50,000 or more. It discovered
that 39 percent of blacks "strongly" agreed that "you never know if you can
trust a financial adviser," while only 24 percent of whites said the same thing.

Some of the blame may lie with a lack of exposure to stocks, the survey said.
For instance, only 9 percent of blacks grew up in a household that owned stocks,
half as many as whites.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color Graphic Illustration - (money - of coins on a stack of
U.S. bills)

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              705 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               December 21, 1996

BLACK ENGLISH 'A LANGUAGE' SAYS US SCHOOL BOARD

BYLINE: Richard Thomas In Washington

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN FOREIGN PAGE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 894 words


BLACK English, or "ebonics" - celebrated by rap artists and black activists -
has been declared a second language by a California school board, opening the
door to extra cash for bilingual teaching and provoking an immediate political
row.

Arguing that phrases such as "he be walkin' " and "she done did it" are
expressions from a language carved out by West African slaves, the Oakland
district has ordered schools to teach black children in their own tongue.

But with California embroiled in a legal civil war over the recently approved
Proposition 209 - which would end positive discrimination in favour of ethnic
minorities - the move is likely to heighten racial tension and fuel conservative
opposition to the $ 130 million ( pounds 78,000) already spent on bilingual
education in the state.

The US justice department yesterday said it was poised to weigh into the
affirmative action case in California, with President Clinton backing the
department's view that Proposition 209 was in breach of the US constitution.

Oakland education officials insisted, however, that the decision on ebonics was
merely intended to underline the legitimacy of black culture, as well as to help
African American children learn standard English. Teachers are to receive
special training to help them bridge the language gulf.

"When children come to school with whatever language - whether they are
Filipinos or Chinese or Hispanic - funds are available to support them," said
the board president, Lucella Harrison. "The African American community says:
'Why aren't our students given that money and support, if they are limited in
English?' "

But there were fears that the board's radical stance could backfire and erode
support for other, clearer-cut programmes. "In one sense, this is all we need,"
said Jim Lyons, director of the National Association for Bilingual Education.
"Whenever bilingual education is raised in this way, there is a backlash."

Although Mr Lyons claimed the decision stemmed from legitimate anger from
members of the black community at the failure of the school system to recognise
their culture, he said the linguistic basis of the new ruling was unsound.

"Ebonics is not a separate language, in the way Spanish is, although the rap
movement has done a lot to accentuate the diversity in dialects," he said.

The two key differences between black English and standard English, according to
linguists, are the use of "be" for a current activity - for example "she be
eatin' lunch" - and the use of double negatives for emphasis, as in "I ain't got
no food".

Oakland's black mayor, Elihu Harris, disowned the decision, describing ebonics -
a combination of "ebony" and "phonics" - as little more than slang. Mr Harris
said he had been deluged with telephone calls from business leaders afraid that
the board decision would discourage investment.

Norm Gold, who oversees California's distribution of federal money for bilingual
teaching, said requests for money for ebonics were unlikely to succeed, and that
the scheme would have to be funded from existing budgets.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              706 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 February 7, 1995 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BLACK AND WHITE AND PERFECTLY CLEAR

BYLINE: Patty Fisher

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 351 words


DON'T YOU HATE it when this happens? You get in the car intending to go to the
Alameda in San Jose and drive to the city of Alameda by mistake. Or your friends
ask for directions to Golden Gate Park and you send them to Golden Gate Fields
instead. Dumb, dumb, dumb!

What? You've never had this problem? Tell that to the folks who put on the San
Francisco Symphony's Black and White Ball.

The symphony is pressuring Palo Alto to stop calling its annual fund- raising
party the Black and White Ball. San Francisco has had a Black and White Ball on
and off since the 1950s, a giant block party and gala social event that brings
in about $1 million for the symphony. Palo Alto's 8-year-old B&WB is a much less
showy affair that raises money for city recreation programs. B&WBs have been
held in cities across the country for years. There was one in Sydney, Australia,
in 1945.

Yet the symphony, in a rather audacious move, registered the name Black and
White Ball with the feds and has been forcing B&WBs across the country to drop
thename. Napa, Marin and even Atlanta have backed down. So far, Palo Alto
hasn't. The symphony has threatened to sue.

Now, really. I know that San Franciscans take themselves seriously, but all this
over a street party? The symphony folks say they must protect their trademark,
that all these B&WBs confuse people. Reading between the lines, they fear the
others drain off money. Once San Francisco was the only fund- raising game in
the Bay Area. But today San Jose has more people than San Francisco. Much of the
big money is on the Peninsula. Folks are supporting charities closer to home. A
name change won't change that.

Unfortunately, Palo Alto may be forced to find a new name. City Attorney Ariel
Calonne acknowledges that the symphony has registered the name, but he contends
that the trademark shouldn't have been granted. And he just doesn't buy the
argument that people confuse the two balls:

"So Biff says to Marge, 'Oh no, we've done it again! We got all dressed up and
drove to Palo Alto by mistake, and we're six weeks late.' I doubt it."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: A PERSONAL VIEW
Patty Fisher is a Mercury News editorial writer.

                     Copyright 1995 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Venezuela currency scam flies high;
People hogging airline seats in order to cash in on black market dollars

BYLINE: Peter Wilson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 551 words


Manuela Diaz has been waiting months to visit her daughter who is studying in
the United States.

Diaz has her passport, a valid U.S. visa and money for the trip -- but she can't
get an airline ticket.

"All flights are booked through early February," says Diaz, 53, whose daughter
is attending school in Pennsylvania. "My travel agent even tried routing me
through Colombia or Costa Rica or Panama, and there still wasn't anything."

The reason flights are booked is because enterprising Venezuelans are taking up
the seats to exploit a loophole in foreign exchange controls that allows them to
reap huge profits by exchanging their bolivars for U.S. dollars abroad.

International flights from the South American country have been full for months
as thousands of Venezuelans called "currency tourists" book all available seats
to take advantage of a mushrooming black market trade in their own currency.

With the value of the Venezuelan currency, the bolivar, dropping in value,
demand for stable currencies such as the U.S. dollar is high. Venezuela does not
allow people to change their money for dollars except under strict
circumstances, one of which is to obtain money to spend overseas.

Venezuelans who possess an international airline ticket can exchange their
bolivars for dollars through the Venezuela foreign exchange agency at the
state-set rate of 6.3 bolivars per dollar. One can get up to $3,000 in U.S.
dollars this way.

The dollars are credited to travelers' credit cards, and when abroad, the
travelers withdraw the money via a cash advance. With the cash in hand,
travelers return to Venezuela, where they sell the dollars on the black market
for 45 bolivars to the dollar, a much higher rate they what they paid for the
dollars before they left.

So, a Venezuelan who gets $3,000 for his 18,900 bolivars can sell the U.S.
currency then for 135,000 bolivars, a 700% return on investment. It's still a
good deal even if the airline charges a typical 25,000 bolivars for flights to
the USA or Europe.

"It's easy money, and a profitable way to supplement your income," says Luis
Molino, 35, a dentist who went to Peru to do the el raspao, or scrape.

Many Venezuelans  give their credit cards to family members or friends who
travel and do the el raspao for them.

"A lot of travelers don't even bother to fly once they have their cards credited
with the dollars," says Mildred Amaro, who runs Barquero Tours in the central
industrial city of La Victoria.

Popular destinations for the swipe are Peru, Ecuador, Panama, the U.S. and
Spain, she said.

Venezuela's black market rate has soared in the past year amid political and
economic troubles brought on in part by the socialist policies of deceased
President Hugo Chávez. Today's black market rate of 45 compares with a rate of
12 a year ago, before Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro took over in April.

To combat el raspao, the government has been checking travelers at the country's
airports against flight manifests before clearing the credit cards for overseas
use. The government also plans to install fingerprint machines to crack down on
currency travelers.

Few Venezuelans appear chastened by the government crackdown.

"The government created this mess by their mismanagement of the economy," Molino
says. "I'm just taking advantage of their ineptitude."

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 23, 2015 Monday

Arizona: A Ponzi Scheme Collapses

LENGTH: 595  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Nearly a dozen fraudsters who conspired to operate a $40 million Ponzi scheme
will be spending plenty of time behind bars after a joint effort by the FBI, the
Internal Revenue Service, and the U.S. Attorney's Office in the Western District
of North Carolina. Among those now serving time is the scheme's mastermind,
Keith Franklin Simmons, who was sentenced to 40 years in prison late last year.
And just last month, the 11th and final defendant in the conspiracy--Jonathan D.
Davey--was sentenced to more than 21 years.

The federal judge who sentenced Davey said the term handed down reflected the
effects of the fraud on its 400 or so victims--mainly elderly and
vulnerable--and that the scheme resulted in "life-wrecking damage" and caused
victims to lose "life savings, trust, faith, and their sense of dignity."In
2007, Simmons--a North Carolina businessman looking for a way to make easy money
--formulated an investment scheme called "Black Diamond," which he advertised as
a legitimate hedge fund involved in foreign currency trading. Black Diamond,
according to Simmons, had significant safeguards in place to protect investors,
was independently audited, and had consistently high rates of return. None of
that, of course, was true.

To help solicit investors from around the country, Simmons--through a
co-conspirator--recruited a number of individuals to serve as regional managers
of his hedge fund. Most of these "managers" had insurance experience and were
well versed in selling annuity products, often to the elderly. So they solicited
previous customers--as well as friends, family, and acquaintances. These early
investors were promised financial compensation for bringing new investors on
board, so they in turn praised Black Diamond and its high rate of return to
their friends, family, and acquaintances. Unfortunately, not a single dollar of
investor funds was actually invested.

Also brought on board to oversee the various hedge fund managers--and the money
--was Davey, a certified public accountant and investment manager in Ohio. Davey
controlled most of the funds from the scheme and published a website for
investors that reflected false returns. By the end of the scheme, the website
showed that the value of investor accounts was more than $120 million, but in
reality, all of the accounts totaled less than $1 million.

Black Diamond made the perpetrators--in particular Simmons and Davey--very rich.
And as long as new money was coming in, they were able to keep making some
payments to their early investors while at the same time continuing to fund
their lavish lifestyles, which included mansions, luxury vehicles, and expensive
trips.

But as all Ponzi schemes usually do at some point, Black Diamond began to
collapse in on itself--there was not enough new money coming in to keep the old
investors satisfied or to continue lining the pockets of the criminals running
the fraud. So around March 2009, a new Ponzi scheme was begun, but this time
some of the money from investors in the new scheme went to make payments to the
investors of the old scheme, and the rest went to the criminals.

It was the beginning of the end, however. Acting on allegations of suspicious
financial activity, the FBI--with its partners--was already investigating Black
Diamond. By December 2009, ringleader Keith Franklin Simmons was in custody, and
the arrests of his co-conspirators eventually followed.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 6, 2005 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Essie Mae Washington-Williams Has Her Say

BYLINE: By BRENT STAPLES

SECTION: Section 4; Column 1; Editorial Desk; Editorial Observer; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 836 words


Imagine yourself a 13-year-old girl living contentedly with people you believe
to be your parents. An exotic woman introduced as your aunt visits your house --
and blurts out, ''I am your mother,'' while making chicken salad. She explains
that you were born out of wedlock when she was 16 and given away to be raised as
her sister's child.

This newfound mother dies prematurely, but not before introducing your actual
father. You have been raised as black among black people in the North. But your
father is white, from the heart of segregated South Carolina. He denies your
existence in public but meets with you secretly in hotel rooms and borrowed
offices. He shows no real affection, passes you a ritual envelope filled with
cash, then gets in his car and disappears. He widens the gulf between the two of
you by condemning racial fairness and seeking the presidency of the United
States as the candidate of segregation.

Essie Mae Washington-Williams kept quiet about this hellish experience for more
than 50 years, but came forward to unburden herself after her father, Senator
Strom Thurmond of South Carolina, died in 2003. She painted a benevolent picture
of her father, telling how he regularly dispensed money to her struggling young
family, and secured a naval commission that allowed one of her sons to attend
medical school.

This charitable view of Mr. Thurmond fails to convince as laid out in her new
memoir ''Dear Senator,'' written with William Stadiem. The Strom Thurmond who
lurks between the lines of this heartbreaking book is too calculating to be kind
and too self-absorbed to be genuinely charitable. The reader gets the impression
that he would never have reached out to his daughter at all had she not stumbled
upon the news of his existence. His prime motivation seemed to be foreclosing
the possibility that she would expose him and ruin his burgeoning political
career.

The white Southerner who railed against ''race mixing'' by day and cavorted with
black lovers at night is a stock character in Confederate history. The South in
the 19th century, which ended two years before Mr. Thurmond was born, was a
hotbed of interracial liaisons, as evidenced by the light-skinned slaves who
were visible on every plantation, not to mention the light-skinned free blacks
who dominated cities like Charleston and New Orleans. The majority of these
children were ignored by their fathers, who often failed to acknowledge them on
the street, and in some cases even sold them off to other slave owners. But a
significant minority of these white sires supported and cared for their
children, who were defined as black by law. These fathers occasionally sent
their black children north to be educated and recognized that their offspring
would never thrive in the Jim Crow South.

Not so Strom Thurmond, who set out to become governor of his state while
managing a secret that could have killed his political career. It seems clear
from the record that he wanted to get control of his now-grown daughter, a
beautiful young woman living in New York City, far from Dixie. He charmed her
into coming south, into the teeth of Jim Crow, at a time when black Americans
were fleeing the South by the tens of thousands.

He could have subsidized her education anywhere. Instead, she enrolled at a
modest state college for blacks in Orangeburg, S.C. She arrived in 1946 just as
her father was about to take control of the governor's mansion as well as the
campus where she attended school. He borrowed the president's office when he
came to visit, and the administration was more than willing to keep a special
eye on his daughter.

Mr. Thurmond continued to furnish envelopes containing money after he went to
Washington as a senator. In ''Dear Senator,'' Ms. Washington-Williams describes
how he shifted the dispensing duties to a nephew in Atlanta. The nephew -- who
was actually her cousin -- humiliated her by forcing her to fly into the Atlanta
airport once a year to pick up the money. ''I felt a little like a trained seal,
going after the money,'' she writes, ''but it was not easy raising four children
on a teacher's salary.''

Innocent to a fault, she believes that Mr. Thurmond created the Atlanta
diversion to avoid being exposed as her father. It seems just as likely that the
Thurmond family was testing her to see if she would still visit her father in
Washington after being paid. She kept visiting, even though it required a brutal
flight schedule that included California during the time she lived there.

What she wanted most was for Mr. Thurmond to offer a simple, straightforward
acknowledgement that she was his daughter. By then, however, Mr. Thurmond had
kept his distance so long that distance was all that there was. The best Mr.
Thurmond could muster was a neutral, handwritten note thanking her for a
Father's Day card. Mailed toward the end of his life, it was signed,
''affectionately, Strom Thurmond.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              710 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Anniston Star (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          December 26, 2012 Wednesday

Luck and money: The Victoria carries on the tradition of New Year's foods

BYLINE: Lisa Davis, The Anniston Star, Ala.

SECTION: FOOD NEWS

LENGTH: 550 words


Dec. 26--Growing up in Anniston, Alan Martin learned his Southern traditions
well. "Growing up, I was always told that you better eat black-eyed peas and
greens on New Year's Day. Mom said the peas were for luck, and the greens for
money," said Martin, now the chef at the Victoria Restaurant.

Martin will be serving up those traditions for the Victoria's New Year's Eve
celebration, a five-course dinner that includes "luck and money" soup, made with
black-eyed peas, greens, ham hock and winter root vegetables. Martin first made
this soup when he worked with Frank Stitt at the acclaimed Highlands Bar and
Grill in Birmingham.

Greens are a New Year's tradition in many countries, according to Epicurious.
The reason seems pretty straightforward: the cooked green leaves look like
folded money.

In Denmark, they eat stewed kale sprinkled with sugar and cinnamon. Here in the
South, collards are usually the green of choice.

The more greens you eat, the theory goes, the more prosperous you will be in the
coming year. (While we can't speak to the monetary aspects, we can say that the
more greens you eat, the healthier you will be in the coming year. They're
loaded with vitamins and minerals.)

If the greens are the folded money, the black-eyed peas are the coins. "The peas
swell and grow, symbolizing prosperity," said Martin.

There's also a legend involving black-eyed peas and Vicksburg, Miss., back in
the day when black-eyed peas -- then known as "cowpeas" -- were grown as cattle
fodder, not for human consumption.

During the Civil War, Vicksburg was besieged for more than 40 days and food was
running out. The people survived by eating black-eyed peas. Ever since, the
humble legume has been associated with good luck.

Martin shared a version of his "luck and money" soup for home cooks. "We love
cooking the peas and greens with ham hock or bacon to add that salty, smoky pork
flavor. We like a good vinegar-based pepper sauce and cornbread to complete the
meal," he said.

Count yourself lucky.

Luck and Money Soup

2 cups fresh black-eyed peas (may substitute frozen)

1 large yellow onion, cut in half

2 carrots, cut in half lengthwise

2 ribs celery

5 bay leaves

1-2 smoked ham hocks

1 tablespoon kosher salt

Add all ingredients to 3 quarts of cold water. Bring to a simmer, and cook until
peas are tender. Remove onion, carrots, celery and bay leaves, and discard.
Remove ham hocks. Pick meat of off ham hocks, chop and add back to broth.

1 onion, diced

2 ounces bacon or pork fat

3 cups of fresh, cleaned, chopped greens (collard, turnip or mustard greens)

1 cup chicken stock

Cook onion in pork fat over medium heat until soft and lightly browned. Add
greens. Add chicken stock. Cover and cook, stirring occasionally, until greens
are tender.

Add greens to peas and broth.

Bring to a simmer and let stand for 20 minutes.

Reheat to serve. Serve with cornbread and your favorite pepper sauce.

New Year's Eve at the Vic

--Five-course meal, live jazz, party favors, hotel accommodations available.

--Seatings at 6 p.m, 6:45 p.m. and 8 p.m.

--1604 Quintard Ave., Anniston.

--$65 per person (does not include alcohol, tax or gratuity).

--Make reservations at 256-236-0503.

___ (c)2012 The Anniston Star (Anniston, Ala.) Visit The Anniston Star
(Anniston, Ala.) at www.annistonstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121226-AO-Luck-and-money
-The-Victoria-carries-on-the-tradition-of-New-Year-s-foods-1226-20121226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AO


                        Copyright 2012 The Anniston Star


                              711 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 OCTOBER 19, 1997 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

RAISE THE GAS TAX IN BAY AREA? NO THANKS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7P

LENGTH: 954 words


I hope that the people of the Bay Area see through the simplistic "dig deeper"
mentality the editorial "A gas tax solution for crowded roads" (Opinion, Oct.
15) promotes. I, too, hate the congested traffic, not to mention the disgraceful
condition of our once beautiful roads and highways. But there's no way I want to
pay any more taxes.

I own a small business, and between federal tax, state tax and Social Security,
I'm paying 38.8 percent out of every dollar I make. This does not include the
extremely high state and federal taxes I'm already paying every time I gas up,
taxes that are supposed to go to roads and transportation. Or how about all the
taxes and surcharges that are quietly stacking up on our phone bills, building
permits, etc.? No, I won't be a party to this dangerous and costly habit of
voting in special taxes for basic services that should already be provided.

Rather than being a dupe for the politicians, the Mercury News and voters should
demand that politicians spend our taxes on the basics first -- our
infrastructure, education and health.

Twenty years is a long time to be paying on a special tax. It's up to us to
control the beast and demand elected officials spend our money wisely.

-- Dennis Caldwell
Campbell
Congress up for bid

AS dismal as it is to see Sen. Trent Lott kill the campaign reform bill and
thereby protect his lead as the chief raiser of funds of the categories under
suspicion, it is even more poignant to see Sen. Fred Thompson chair the
investigating committee on reform with great rhetoric and then walk over to the
Senate and vote against reform! And Rep. Dan Burton did the same for a similar
committee in the House.

It may be that a solution could be to put at auction at Sotheby's or Christie's
all seats in either house, and apply the proceeds to the national debt.

Each sale, however, would have to be marked as "previously owned."

-- Ward McCabe
San Jose
Debates, not commercials

SOFT money, foreign money, my money, your money. Read my words: Money is for
buying things and should play no part whatsoever in electing the leader of
ademocracy.

Let each candidate raise money to campaign for the nomination of his or her own
party. Once the nominees are chosen, the rest of the presidential competition
should be based solely on debate. Let there be as many debates as possible up
until November of an election year. I'm in favor of at least two debates a
month, brought to you by the usual commercial entities who would be limited to a
few non-biased advertisements. After 20 debates, no one should have any doubt
for whom they want to cast their vote. Competition brings out the best in good
people, money brings out the worst of the worst. A candidate should not win the
presidential election because he had enough money to buy one more sleazy,
mud-slinging TV commercial than his opponent.

-- Scott R. Calais
San Jose
Nobel credit is due

I enjoyed your coverage about Myron Scholes and his work which won him the Nobel
Prize in Economics this week (Page 1A, Oct. 15), with one exception.

Your story made only a passing mention of Scholes' partner on the prize-winning
paper, the late Fischer Black. As Scholes said himself, "The first thing that
came to mind when I heard I had won was I thought of Fischer Black and wished he
were sharing the award with us."

The Black-Scholes formula for which the prize was awarded was the product of
both men's work, and Fischer Black should be accorded the same recognition as
his partner.

-- David Tambling
Menlo Park
The marriage penalty

JOAN Beck's commentary on the tax penalties of marriage (Opinion, Oct. 15)
solidified my long-held belief that working married couples were getting the
shaft from the IRS. Sock it to me twice: I have been married 20 years (to the
same man), so my husband and I have been doubly hit by the IRS. Twenty or more
years ago, as single taxpayers, we were hit with higher taxes than married
people, and two decades later as married workers we pay more than single
taxpayers. Add to this our baby boomer dilemma of minimal prospects of ever
collecting Social Security, and it's easy to see why our generation has lost all
confidence in our government. Divorce may be our only option.

-- Kathryn Knoche
San Jose
Police auditor out of line

IN Jim Trotter's recent column ("Cop's killing of armed man still a mystery,"
Page 1B, Oct. 10) some very disturbing comments are made. Trotter sought the
opinion of San Jose police auditor Teresa Guerrero Daley as a spokesperson for
the police department. She comments that when "one shoots they all shoot,"
implying that this is some type of phenomenon in officer-involved shootings.
Guerrero Daley should be reminded that her function is auditing complaints
against police officers for any alleged misconduct. We welcome her oversight and
participation with the public, but we question her knowledge of police tactics
and training.

What concerns many of our officers, especially those involved in this particular
shooting incident, is her unnecessary and uninformed comments.

Her expertise is not in the field of police training or investigation but that
of a conduit between the public and police.

Any police-related shooting is a serious enough situation, compounded by a
detailed investigation, and it does not need to become tainted with comments
from uninvolved third parties.

Guerrero Daley should have referred Trotter to the appropriate investigators and
refrained from making any comments on this incident.

The death of David Lee Hamilton is unfortunate enough without her statements
causing more grief.

-- James J. Tomaino
President, San Jose Police Officers' Association

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LETTERS, E-MAIL & FAXES

                     Copyright 1997 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 6, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

$37 Million Windfall for Black Women's College

BYLINE: By KATHLEEN TELTSCH

SECTION: Section B; Page 15; Column 4; Metropolitan Desk; Education Page

LENGTH: 645 words


Spelman College in Atlanta has received a $37 million gift, the largest ever
made to a historically black college.

The gift, the principal of a fund created by DeWitt Wallace, will be announced
today by Dr. Johnnneta B. Cole, president of the small liberal arts college for
women. Mr. Wallace, who died in 1981, was founder of the Reader's Digest.

Dr. Cole said the money would be used to expand scholarships, improve campus
buildings and enhance international studies for the college's 1,700 students.

William H. Gray 3rd, the president of the United Negro College Fund, said: "This
is a spectacular gift. In these days and times when young people and inner
cities are seemingly hopeless, gifts like this one open up new doors of
opportunity."

The gift comes from the DeWitt Wallace/Spelman College Fund, which was
established in 1980 with $1 million in Reader's Digest stock that Mr. Wallace
entrusted to the keeping of the New York Community Trust, the country's largest
community foundation. A longtime supporter of Spelman, Mr. Wallace wanted the
college to receive the interest annually and, in 12 years, the fund's principal.

Since 1980, the stock has soared and the fund's value has increased by 2,000
percent, to $37 million.

Spelman had its start in 1881 when two white missionaries from New England,
Sophia B. Packard and Harriet E. Giles, set up a school in a Baptist church
basement for 11 young black women. In time, the missionaries persuaded John D.
Rockefeller to help the school, and the college was named for Mr. Rockefeller's
mother-in-law, Lucy Spelman.

Over the years, Spelman achieved a solid academic reputation and some major
gifts, the largest of which was $20 million from Bill and Camille Cosby in 1988.

Mr. Wallace's gift will swell the college's endowment to $88 million. By
comparison, the two women's colleges with the highest endowments are Smith
College in Northampton, Mass., and Wellesley College in Wellesley, Mass., with
endowments of of more than $380 million each.

Dr. Cole worries that the windfall might discourage further donations and
prevent the college from achieving its ambitious long-range goals. For example,
she said Spelman lacks the money to offer faculty salaries competitive with
those at other liberal arts colleges.

Meeting Students' Needs

Student enrollment is generally increasing at black colleges, Mr. Gray said,
partly because their tuition is often one-third to one-half of that at
comparable white institutions, and partly because black colleges are seen as
more sensitive to black students' financial needs.

Spelman, with tuition of $5,000 and a yearly cost including room and board of
about $11,000, turns away seven applicants for each one accepted, Dr. Cole said.
At least 37 percent of its students major in mathematics, physics, chemistry and
other sciences, she said, countering the notion that women in general and black
women in particular do not succeed in these studies.

But the college's science building, which opened in 1920, is woefully inadequate
for today's needs. "If we don't do something about the science building, we will
not continue to have science majors," Dr. Cole said, saying a planned $13
million upgrading of it was high on her list of priorities.

Mr. Wallace restricted the Reader's Digest money for scholarships -- 86 percent
of Spelman students receive financial aid -- and curriculum improvement. Until
now, scholarship money was so limited at Spelman that the college saw promising
students turn to better-endowed white colleges.

Dr. Cole said the college would use some of the windfall to create a new
category of student aid called "Achievement Scholarships." "Some of our students
don't come in smoking but catch fire when they are here and become good, solid
students," she said. "They will be assisted with these merit scholarships."

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              713 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                 November 1, 2001 Thursday Penn/Elkhart Edition

Area briefs

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 380 words


SOUTH BEND

Robber displays gun, escapes with cash

 An armed robber made off with an undetermined amount of money in a holdup
Tuesday night at the Phillips 66 service station at 5307 W. Western Ave.,
according to police.

A female clerk told investigators a man wearing a black ski mask and a black
hooded sweatshirt entered the station about 7:30 p.m. with a small black
revolver. He demanded money and fled outside after getting money from the cash
register, she added.

The robber got into a blue van with a ladder on the back. The van, which was
driven by another man, then headed west on Western, the clerk told police.

SOUTH BEND

Open house set for would-be firefighters

 The South Bend Fire Department will hold an open house Nov. 8 for young men and
women interested in a career in firefighting. The open house will be at 7 p.m.
at Fire Station No. 6, 4302 W. Western Ave., and is open to people ages 14 to
21.

The open house is part of the Exploring Program, which introduces young people
to the field of fire and rescue emergency services through a year-round program
that provides an introduction to the field.

WESTVILLE

Islam will be topic at lunch-time forums

 Purdue University North Central will be the site of three lunch-time open
forums to discuss various aspects of Islam.

The forums are free and open to the public. All three events will be in the
lower level of the Library-Student-Faculty Building on campus.

At noon Tuesday, the forum topic will be "Islam in Our Society," featuring Imam
Joward Al-Ansari, the religious leader at the Islamic Center in Michigan City.

At noon Nov. 13, a forum will feature a short film titled "Greetings from Iraq."
The event will give audience members a look at Osama bin Ladin, with a
discussion to follow led by political science instructors Jon Swartz and Berle
Bergwald.

At noon Nov. 20, the forum topic will be "Islamic Women in Society," featuring
Lila Hakim, president of the Michigan City Islamic Center Women's Auxilary;
Jumana Ashy, a native of Lebanon who graduated from Michigan City High School;
and Cathy Al-Ansari, R.N., who taught in Kuwait.

The events are sponsored by the campus Women's Programming Committee.

For more information, call (219) 785-5200, Ext. 5697.


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              714 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 12, 2009 Thursday

Black Hills to offer energy-saving incentives: The electrical utility wants to
cut usage and will pay customers to do it.

BYLINE: John Norton, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 698 words


Mar. 12--Anyone planning to put in a new air conditioning system or even
stocking up on light bulbs might want to put off any big purchases until after
June. They could save themselves some money.

Black Hills Energy officials said they want to start offering incentives by July
1 for customers who cut their energy use. The plan needs to be approved by the
Colorado Utilities Commission.

The company provides electricity to Pueblo, Canon City, Rocky Ford and the
Cripple Creek and Victor areas.

A state law requires Black Hills to reduce demand by customers to a level equal
to 95 percent of what it provided in 2006 by 2018, regardless of growth in the
number of customers.

Maurice Arnold, the Black Hills executive who began working on the plan when the
local utility was still part of Kansas City-based Aquila, said on Wednesday,
"We're trying to get people to do things they might not normally do." Arnold was
speaking to a workshop on demand-side management as the company prepares for a
hearing before the PUC next month on the plan.

The workshop drew more than 80 people, including contractors and vendors who
will be asked to help implement the programs. Also on hand were some of Black
Hills' biggest customers like the Holcim Cement Plant and the Pueblo Board of
Water Works.

Over the next few years, Black Hills will start encouraging customers to put in
new appliances, new lighting systems, improved technology to monitor energy use
and even allow the utility to take control of big energy users in peoples'
homes, like air conditioners.

Besides saving on their own power bills, customers will be offered cash
incentives from Black Hills to make changes.

The programs will be offered to both residential and commercial customers and
Black Hills has budgeted $7.4 million over the next three years to cover the
costs. That money, in turn, will come from a 1.22 percent rate increase on all
customers.

Gary Stone, Black Hills' vice president of operations in Colorado, said that an
essential element in the plan will be the next phase of the company's automated
metering system.

The utility has already put in 3,300 "smartÃ¢â[#x201a]¬Â meters in Pueblo and
will

install another 50,000 by August, he said. He said that those meters are already

saving money because they send data via radio back to the company instead of

having readers go house to house. They also will be able to show customers how

they use power over the year and if customers are willing, will be connected to

things like air conditioners so that they can be adjusted to reduce demand on

peak days.

"Can you imagine us being able to cycle on and off 10,000 air conditioners on
the hottest day in August for 15 minutes?" Stone said.

Michael Marks of Applied Energy Group, the consulting firm hired to develop the
demand-side management plan, outlined for the group how it would work.

Those programs include a low-income assistance plan that will help people living
near the poverty level to buy compact fluorescent light bulbs and install
evaporative coolers or upgrade central air conditioning to systems that use less
power.

Commercial customers can get rebates for installing new lighting, air
conditioning and other systems or putting in monitoring equipment that will
allow them to reduce energy use. There's even a program for school districts.

Marks told the group that any energy-saving steps people took would have to be
after the plan is approved by the PUC so if people put in new systems before
that, "There's a fairly significant amount of money you'd be leaving on the
table."

The details of the various residential, commercial and industrial incentives
will be on a Web site Black Hills will post once the plan is approved.

There will be PUC hearings April 13 and 14 and interested parties can offer
testimony.

To see more of The Pueblo Chieftain, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.chieftain.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090312-PB-Black-Hills-to-offer-energy-saving-incentives-0312

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2009 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              715 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 18, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Blacks Relent on Crime Bill, But Not Without Bitterness

BYLINE: By STEVEN A. HOLMES,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 1;  Column 6;  National Desk

LENGTH: 974 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 17


In the official Congressional Directory, Representative John Lewis notes that he
received a degree from the American Baptist Theological Seminary and lists his
profession as "civil rights leader."

Mr. Lewis's self-description helps explain his abiding antipathy toward
violence, including what he has long considered to be the state-sponsored
violence of capital punishment. For that reason, Mr. Lewis, Democrat of Georgia,
voted last week to block anAdministration-backed crime bill that would have
greatly expanded the number of Federal offenses that would be subject to the
death penalty.

But today, looking sad and saying little, Mr. Lewis stood in front of the White
House and announced -- along with another member of the Congressional Black
Caucus, Representative Charles B. Rangel of Manhattan -- that he was changing
his mind and would vote to allow the House to take up the measure.

The opposition of some black Democrats to the death penalty is so strong that 10
of the 38 black Democrats in Congress voted against the measure that would have
allowed the House to consider the crime bill, even though it included millions
of dollars in social programs they say their communities sorely need. The
measure was defeated 225 to 210.

"I grew up with strong feelings against capital punishment," said Mr. Lewis, who
says he vividly remembers a segregated South where black men were often executed
both inside and outside the judicial system. "I think it's barbaric and should
have been outlawed many years ago. It represents a period of our past and is not
worthy of a great nation."

But Mr. Lewis is also politically astute, and, as a deputy House whip, a member
of the Democratic leadership. A defeat of the crime bill would wound the
President, encouraging the perception that he was too weak to get a legislative
priority passed in the House even though it is controlled by his own party.

Later in the day, Representative Cleo Fields, another black Democrat, also
announced that he would switch his vote and allow the bill to be voted on by the
House.

Mr. Lewis, who once headed the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee and
marched with the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., said, "It's been one of the
most difficult decisions I've had to make in the eight years since I've been
here. It was much easier to march across the bridge in Selma or go on the
freedom rides. Everything then was clearly black and white."

Crime bills are tough votes for black lawmakers. Blacks are far more likely than
whites to be victims of violent crime, and some polls have found that they are
more afraid than whites of being murdered or mugged.  But blacks have
consistently been less willing than whites to approve of capital punishment.

Long-Awaited Aid

This year a tricky vote on a crime bill became even tougher when the $33 billion
measure was sweetened with more than $7 billion for crime-prevention programs,
including millions for the kind of Federal aid for inner cities that black
Democrats have been demanding -- and generally not getting -- for many, many
years.

That money -- and the prospect that an even more Draconian crime bill could be
enacted, with less money for social programs and without a ban on 19 different
types of assault weapons -- was enough to induce 28 of the 38 black Democrats to
vote last Thursday to allow the bill to be considered by the full House.

But for some of them, the money was not enough to outweigh their loathing of a
bill that would expand the number of Federal crimes punishable by death from a
handful to more than 50, including offenses like terrorism, drive-by shootings
and drug trafficking.

Recent reports have shown that an overwhelming majority of defendants on death
row for Federal crimes are black. The last Federal execution took place in Iowa
in 1963.

"To suggest that it's just a matter of how much funding it would take to get
somebody to change his mind, I think is an insult," said Representative Robert
C. Scott of Virginia, another of the recalcitrant black Democrats. "You wouldn't
ask an opponent of abortion to look at a bill with the greatest expansion of
abortion in the history of the United States, and argue that he ought to vote
for it because it's got some highway funding in it."

Going After Votes

In recent days, the White House, which has been accused by some on Capitol Hill
of taking the caucus too much for granted, fought to turn around some of the
black Democrats who had voted against it.

On Monday, Mr. Rangel suggested that he would change his vote if religious
leaders thought that the morally right thing to do would be to let the House
vote on the measure. On Tuesday, the White House released a statement by 40
black members of the clergy supporting the crime bill.

Mr. Fields, who met with the President on Tuesday, said he was changing his mind
because he had received assurances from Attorney General Janet Reno that the
Justice Department would insure that there was no racial bias in deciding when
to seek the death penalty.

Purely political considerations may have played a part in persuading Mr. Lewis
and Mr. Rangel to change their minds. Mr. Rangel, for instance, is facing a
primary challenge from City Councilman Adam Clayton Powell 4th, who says that
the incumbent's vote against the bill indicates how out of touch he is with the
feelings and fears of his constituents.

And Mr. Lewis saw the Administration shopping for votes among Republicans and
conservative Democrats by proposing to reduce the money for social programs,
making him fear that his opposition might result in a bill that he would
consider to be even worse.

"I was seeing proposals moving further and further to the right," he said in a
telephone interview. "What was in the making was something worse than you have
now."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Representative John Lewis, who voted to block the crime bill,
changed his position yesterday. (pg. A1); Representative Charles B. Rangel of
Manhattan stood in front of the White House yesterday to announce that he had
changed his mind and would vote to allow the House to consider the
administration's crime bill. (pg. B10) (Paul Hosefros/The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              716 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            December 16, 2005 Friday
                                National Edition

New Black indictment seeks $92M of his assets: Charged in U.S. with
racketeering, obstructing justice

BYLINE: Theresa Tedesco, with files from Barbara Shecter, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 800  words


Conrad Black is facing four new criminal charges -- including racketeering and
obstruction of justice -- and up to 95 years in jail if convicted on all counts
in an expanded indictment filed yesterday by U.S. federal prosecutors.

Four additional anti-corruption charges, usually used to combat organized crime,
allege the former publishing baron led an ongoing racketeering enterprise that
engaged in money laundering, and mail and wire fraud to divert about
US$85-million from Chicago-based Hollinger International Inc.

The expanded indictment also seeks the forfeiture of more than US$92-million
worth of Lord Black's assets, including homes in Palm Beach, Fla., and New York.

According to the 75-page, 15-count indictment filed by the U.S. Attorney for the
Northern District of Illinois, "Black was the principal leader, manager and
organizer of an association of individuals and entities" that existed to enrich
himself and a group of four former associates and his Toronto-based private
holding company at the expense of Hollinger International shareholders.

Lord Black, 61, was charged under the U.S. Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organization Act (RICO).

The indictment alleges he operated a scheme at Hollinger "through a pattern of
seven specific racketeering acts, each containing one or more underlying
allegations of fraud or interstate transportation of money taken by fraud."

The new RICO charges supersede an 11-count indictment filed on Nov. 17 against
Lord Black, Peter Atkinson, Mark Kipnis, John (Jack) Boultbee and the Ravelston
Corp., the Toronto-based private company through which Lord Black controlled his
media assets.

Under RICO, U.S. federal prosecutors are seeking the forfeiture of Lord Black's
ownership interests in Conrad Black Capital Corp., an Ontario-based private
holding company through which he controls some of his assets, as well as
US$92-million, including US$8.9-million seized by the FBI from the sale of a New
York apartment in October, and his Palm Beach, Fla., mansion that was listed for
US$37-million earlier this year.

Sources say Lord Black and his wife, Barbara Amiel, have already had $70-million
worth of their assets frozen or rendered inaccessible in the past two years.

Lord Black was expected to appear before federal Judge Amy St. Eve today and be
arraigned on the new RICO charges. However, inclement weather in Toronto and
Chicago could delay his attendance at the court proceeding. He has already
pleaded not guilty to the 11-count indictment on Dec. 1, as have his
co-defendants.

Edward Greenspan, a prominent Canadian criminal lawyer representing Lord Black,
said yesterday his client "asserts his innocence without qualification to all
the charges contained in this Indictment."

RICO affords U.S. prosecutors wider powers and entitles them to triple the
restitution, fines and penalties they are seeking from the court. As well, the
anti-corruption laws allow prosecutors to confiscate assets that were involved
or used to control the alleged criminal activity before a conviction.

The racketeering and obstruction of justice charges carry maximum terms of 20
years each and 10 years if convicted for money laundering. If convicted on all
counts, Lord Black faces up to 95 years in jail.

Mr. Greenspan called the RICO charges "unfounded" and "a blatant example of
overreaching by the prosecutor." He said U.S. prosecutors have not used the
notorious 1970 anti-organized crime law to pursue "much larger white-collar
financial crime cases where there were allegations of accounting fraud,
bankruptcy, thousands of people out of work, billions of dollars lost to
investors -- none of which has occurred or is alleged here."

He alluded to a previous civil lawsuit under RICO that was filed against Lord
Black but dismissed by a Chicago judge last year and later upheld on appeal. "We
have full confidence that these new accusations will likewise be dismissed," his
statement said.

In addition to the RICO charges, Lord Black is also accused of obstructing
justice for removing 13 boxes of documents out the back door of his former
Toronto offices with an assistant and his chaffeur on May 20. The U.S.
prosecutor says Lord Black violated a Canadian court order not to remove
documents from 10 Toronto St. and a warning from the Securities and Exchange
Commission in Washington that it would be seeking the production of all
documents related to its investigation.

At the time, Hollinger Inc. filed a civil contempt of court motion against Lord
Black but no action was ever brought to court in Canada.

Mr. Greenspan accused the United States of trying to escalate the civil
allegation into a criminal matter. "A U.S. court has no jurisdiction over this
alleged conduct in Canada," he said, adding it was another example of
"overreaching" by U.S. prosecutors.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           December 3, 2009 Thursday

Black Hills seeks 6.5% rate increase;
Natural gas customer's bill would rise an average of $5.48 monthly.

BYLINE: ALGIS J. LAUKAITIS

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 456 words


Lincoln's natural gas provider is asking the Nebraska Public Service Commission
for a 6.5 percent rate increase next year.

The average Black Hills Energy monthly bill would increase by about $5.48 for
residential customers and $2.65 for commercial customers.

The increases would take effect March 1 on an interim basis. If the PSC were to
approve final rates that are lower than interim rates, customers would receive a
refund with interest.

The company, which serves 197,400 natural gas customers in 110 eastern Nebraska
communities, filed the request with the PSC on Tuesday.

Almost half of the company's customers - about 93,200 - live in Rate Area Two,
which includes Lincoln, Walton and Cheney.

The proposed increase affects only the customer and delivery charges of a
monthly bill and not the cost of natural gas, which is passed on to the customer
by the company, Black Hills spokesman Bob McKeon said.

The PSC will hold a public hearing, likely in June, said Laura Demman, director
of the commission's natural gas department.

The company's last rate increase of 4.36 percent went into effect Feb. 15, 2007.
Its original rate request was 7.7 percent.

If its new request is approved by the PSC, it would generate about $12.1 million
in annual revenue, the company said.

The money will help recover the nearly $30 million it has invested in its
Nebraska natural gas distribution systems since July 2006, said Dan Mechtenberg,
vice president of Nebraska natural gas operations.

"The money has been used to replace obsolete pipes and other equipment, make
system upgrades and implement new technology so that our gas distribution
systems are safe, reliable and efficient," he said.

The company also is trying to recover money spent on operating costs, which also
have gone up in the past three years, Mechtenberg said.

If there is a silver lining to the request, it's that it will go into effect in
March, at the end of the winter heating season.

The company also is seeking permission to change the way its rates are
structured, moving from a single delivery charge to a two-tier declining block
delivery charge. The declining block rate design is fairly common and in line
with other natural gas utilities in Nebraska, the company said.

A customer's monthly bill would be broken into two parts, McKeon explained: A
customer would pay about 28 cents per therm for the first 20 therms used and 16
cents per therm after that. (A therm is a unit of heat measurement.)

Black Hills Energy is part of Black Hills Corp., based in Rapid City, S.D. The
company serves 759,000 natural gas and electric utility customers in Colorado,
Iowa, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, South Dakota and Wyoming.

Reach Algis J. Laukaitis at 473-7243 or alaukaitis@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 3, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

SEC MEETINGS;
 Agents chasing athletes causes league-wide alarm

BYLINE: TONY BARNHART, Staff

SOURCE: Constitution

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 10F

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: Destin, Fla.

It wasn't on the official agenda, but the subject of agents was a very hot topic
Wednesday at the annual SEC spring meetings.

The discussions were prompted by the public admission of former Florida
linebacker Johnny Rutledge that he received $ 500 a month from agent William "
Tank" Black in exchange for a promise to sign with Black's agency after his
college career. Rutledge, a second-round draft pick of the Arizona Cardinals,
also said that Gator teammates Jevon Kearse and Reggie McGrew took money while
playing in Gainesville. Black denies paying Rutledge, insisting police forced
the player to lie about accepting payments, the agent's lawyer said.

The state is attempting to prosecute Black under a Florida law that prohibits
agents from giving money or other benefits to college athletes who still have
eligibility remaining. Black no longer represents any of the Florida players.

The news sent chills through the coaches here in Destin.

"It scares every coach to death but all you can do is educate the players on
what the rules are," said Alabama coach Mike DuBose.

The University of Florida police and the NFL Players Association are still
investigating Black, who could lose his certification to practice as an agent if
convicted. The law also calls for a $ 5,000 fine and a maximum of five years in
prison.

Florida will report its findings to the NCAA but faces no penalties because it
did not know the players were getting the benefits.

TV talk

The Georgia-South Carolina football game at Columbia on Sept. 11 will be
televised on ESPN2. Kickoff will probably be 5:30 p.m.

The Georgia Tech-Navy game at Annapolis will likely be on Fox Sports Net South
and start at noon.

ESPN will televise Lou Holtz's South Carolina debut at N.C. State on Sept. 4. As
a result, Tennessee's opener against Wyoming on that same day will be on ESPN2.
Alabama's opener at Vanderbilt will be on Jefferson-Pilot with a 12: 30 p.m.
kickoff.

Dave Neal has been named the new play-by-play man for the SEC game of the week
on Jefferson-Pilot television. Neal's father, Bob, is a play-by-play announcer
for Turner Sports and was the voice of SEC football from 1984-91.

Harrick feels welcome

New Georgia basketball coach Jim Harrick said he's been made very welcome at his
first SEC meetings. He also said people are going to have to quit thinking of
the SEC as only a football conference.

"We've now got three guys in this league who have won national championships,"
said Harrick, who took UCLA to the title in 1995. Kentucky's Tubby Smith (1998)
and Nolan Richardson of Arkansas (1994) are the other two. "Then you look at
guys like Cliff Ellis (Auburn), Eddie Fogler (South Carolina), and Jerry Green
(Tennessee) who have won a lot of games. Then you've got the young guys like
Billy Donovan (Florida) and Mark Gottfried (Alabama). Man, there are a lot of
heavyweight coaches around here. This league is something."

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Jim Harrick says people must stop thinking of the SEC as a football-only
conference.

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              719 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 10, 1983, Saturday, Final Edition

An Outside Run for Baltimore Mayor

BYLINE: By John Feinstein, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1408 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE


Mayor Harold Washington of Chicago is the latest national black figure to
endorse the candidacy of William H. Murphy Jr. in Tuesday's Democratic primary
for mayor. While a crisis over his own city's bond rating forced Washington to
cancel a scheduled appearance at a Murphy fund-raiser here Thursday, he sent
word that he supports Murphy's campaign to unseat three-term incumbent William
Donald Schaefer.

In doing so, Washington joined several other prominent blacks who have come from
around the country to praise Murphy, the first black to make a serious challenge
for the top elected position in this city, whose population is 60 percent black.

Earlier, the Rev. Jesse Jackson; Atlanta Mayor Andrew Young; former Atlanta
Mayor Maynard Jackson; Georgia State Sen. Julian Bond; Martin Luther King III,
the son of Martin Luther King Jr., and Dick Gregory came here to help Murphy's
underdog candidacy. One endorsement that eluded Murphy was that of D.C. Mayor
Marion Barry. An aide to Barry said the two men discussed Murphy's candidacy in
Barry's office several months ago, but that no endorsement followed the meeting.

At the same time, Murphy has traveled the country, looking for support and for
money, holding fund-raisers in Washington, Atlanta, New York, Los Angeles and
San Francisco.

There is good reason for Murphy to take his campaign outside the boundaries of
Baltimore. Most of the city's money is tied up in Schaefer, the incumbent having
raised more than $750,000, virtually all of it locally. Beyond that, Murphy has
had trouble gaining a consensus for his candidacy in the local black community.
Many black politicians have endorsed Schaefer, including the last prominent
black to oppose him, George Russell, whom Schaefer defeated in 1971.

So Murphy, who stepped down as a Circuit Court judge after three years on the
bench in May to challenge Schaefer, has been forced to take his campaign on the
road--and to try to import support.

In a majority-black city where black voters have registered in record numbers
this year, Murphy would seem to have an excellent chance to continue the
national trend and oust Schaefer. Since the city's registration is 10 Democrats
for every Republican, their primary is in reality the election. (The winner will
face minor Republican opposition in November.)

But going into the campaign's final weekend, local polls show Murphy trailing
Schaefer by an overwhelming margin. (A poll in Thursday's News-American had
Schaefer ahead 78 to 8.) Murphy scoffs at the polling data. "We're going to
win," he said. "At worst this race is too close to call."

Murphy has said all along that he does not want race to be an issue in this
election, and there has been no name-calling, none of the heat of last summer's
bitter state's attorney's race in which Kurt L. Schmoke, who is black, crushed
William Swisher, a white incumbent. But to say the battle lines of the campaign
have not been drawn along racial lines is naive.

"Unfortunately, I think both communities will vote along racial lines," Murphy
said. "I think the whites will vote for the white candidate, I'll get 10, maybe
15 percent of that vote, tops. That means I'll need 75 percent of the black vote
and I think I can get it. The black community is tired of not having meaningful
representation."

Schmoke's 2-to-1 victory over Swisher, along with an emerging feeling that
Baltimore, like many cities across the country, was ready for a black mayor, led
Murphy into this race.

At 40, Murphy's only previous campaign was three years ago when he was elected a
Circuit Court judge. On the bench he was known as a defendant-oriented judge who
was sometimes criticized for lack of organization--his cases were backed up so
far the day he resigned that he was still hearing a case 15 minutes before he
was scheduled to announce for mayor.

Since becoming a candidate, Murphy has struggled. Two weeks ago the Internal
Revenue Service slapped a $242,000 lien against him for allegedly failing to pay
federal income taxes, and a string of financial problems dating back 10 years
recently became public. Murphy insists that the publicity about his problems in
the Baltimore media--designed, he says, to help Schaefer--will help him. "They
went too far," he said. "They've stirred people up."

As he stood in shirt sleeves waiting to make his entrance to a small Washington
fund-raiser recently, Murphy insisted that those who predict his defeat do not
know what they are talking about.

"William Donald Schaefer is a traditional white mayor," Murphy said. "He grew up
in an era when racism was an accepted value. Now, reluctantly, he has tried to
make marginal adjustments for blacks and women. He has reluctantly brought a few
blacks and women into his administration. But for the most part, those with
power in Baltimore are white and male. Those without it are black and female.

"Schaefer has been a good mayor in many ways, but now it's time for a new
direction. He's been a great bricks-and-mortar man. He's given the city its
first positive ego in 40 years. The image of a city on the move is good, very
good. But he missed his opportunity. He could have involved more blacks in the
contracting, in the jobs, in everything. He didn't.

"I come from the group that has most of the problems. I understand them. The
black community is tired of nonrepresentation. It's been 200 years. They think
it's time for a change . . . "

While Murphy depicts himself as "a kid from the projects," he is the son of a
lawyer and a member of one of the city's most prominent black families, which
founded and publishes the Baltimore Afro-American, one of the nation's most
respected black newspapers. Murphy has an engineering degree from M.I.T. and a
law degree from the University of Maryland.

Yet he denies a middle-class upbringing the way some people deny being afraid of
heights. "When my father built our house in 1946 we had dirt floors and chickens
running around," he said. "That house has been upgraded since then, but my
parents still live in the very same place."

Murphy is a slender man with curly hair retreating from his forehead and a full
beard slightly flecked with gray. His voice is high-pitched and his smile is
quick and easy, revealing a pronounced overbite and gaps in his teeth. He is a
man who can disarm with words, whose answer to a question may go on for 20
minutes and include much of his life story.

Supporters say he will represent the entire city, not just part of it.
Detractors, some of them other blacks in Baltimore, call him an opportunist
hoping to take advantage of the trend that has elected black mayors in Detroit,
Atlanta, Chicago and, very likely, Philadelphia.

He and Schaefer have dueled all summer over Schaefer's concern, or lack of it,
for the black community. Murphy contends that blacks have no voice and no power
in the city; Schaefer answers that both have improved considerably during his
administration. Murphy says Schaefer's 12 years have benefited the white middle
and upper classes and left out low-income blacks. Schaefer says not so. Each
cites his own statistics to prove his point.

Those who have come to Baltimore to praise Murphy have repeated his themes and
have repeatedly pointed to the jobs done by black mayors around the country.

But only recently has his campaign chest been large enough to begin television
commercials. At one point, his campaign was actually in debt. It is difficult
enough to beat any incumbent, much less one as popular as Schaefer, without a
huge influx of money.

"That's why we've been around the country, because most of the big money in
Baltimore is with Schaefer as you would expect," Murphy said. "That's the kind
of thing we need to begin changing in Baltimore. We need to start spreading the
power and the wealth out. Schaefer hasn't done that. I will."

Murphy's campaign theme is "Time for a Change." But several times, at forums,
Murphy has been asked the same question: "Why fix what ain't broke?" as one man
put it. Murphy insists much of Baltimore needs fixing. Selling that concept up
until now has not been easy. And, with Schaefer due for one final media blitz
this weekend, getting it across between now and Tuesday will be very difficult.
Yet, Murphy is almost doggedly upbeat.

"I didn't run to lose, I'm not here because I expect to lose," he said as his
troubles were cited. Then he smiled and said, "Talk to me Tuesday."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, WILLIAM H. MURPHY JR. . . . trouble gaining consensus;
Picture 2, Baltimore mayoral candidate Murphy speaks with hostess Maxime Byrd,
at a recent fund-raiser. By Harry Naltchayan--The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              720 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               November 8, 2000, Wednesday, Today's News Edition

SOUTHERN REFERENDUMS;
 South Carolina voters OK education lottery;
 Alabama votes to lift interracial marriage ban

BYLINE: Marlon Manuel, Staff

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: News; Pg. 12E

LENGTH: 779 words

Columbia --- South Carolina gamblers won't need to spend their money on
Georgia's lottery anymore.

Now, they've got their own.

Palmetto State voters passed a constitutional amendment that will allow a
Georgia-style education lottery.

The referendum was a keystone of the 1998 campaign of Democrat Jim Hodges,
elected governor in an upset two years ago. Hodges promised to stem the flow of
money bet by South Carolinians in Georgia --- nearly $ 127 million a year - --
by starting his state's own education lottery.

"The voters have spoken loudly. They believe in scholarships for well- deserving
students in South Carolina," Hodges said in a victory speech to a Democratic
gathering.

In other major referendums around the South:

Voters in Alabama approved a referendum to end a 99-year-old constitutional ban
on marriages between blacks and whites. Alabama was the last state to have such
a law, which had not been enforced for years.

Bucking the wishes of officials and business leaders, Florida voters approved an
initiative to build rail lines for a "bullet" train to link the state's five
most populated areas.

North Carolina voters approved a $ 3.1 billion bond referendum for improvements
at the state's 16 public universities and 59 community colleges.

A referendum to allow casino gambling and a lottery in Arkansas lost.

For Southern bettors, the South Carolina lottery decision offsets a 1999
election in which Alabama voters defeated a lottery referendum.

"We learned some lessons from Georgia and Alabama, and part of that lesson is to
give voters as much details as you can about how a lottery plan would make a
difference in their lives," Hodges said.

In winning, Hodges and his pro-lottery coalition overcame a strong anti- lottery
group that relied mainly on churches.

"I still do believe the lottery will have a negative effect on the black
community," said Kevin Gray, a black civil rights activist in Columbia. "In a
very short time, the impact of the lottery is going to be evident on the black
community and it's going to be a vote, if they support it, they'll end up
regretting."

Pro-lottery forces estimate they can raise $ 150 million a year for education by
starting a South Carolina lottery.

Both sides waged aggressive media campaigns with television and radio ads. The
anti-lottery side collected nearly $ 300,000 from churches, including $ 100,000
from the South Carolina Baptist Convention, the state's largest denomination.
Several other churches joined the lottery opposition.

"This is no joyful day for our state," said the Rev. Ray K. Smith of St. Paul's
United Methodist Church in Orangeburg, one of those who opposed the lottery.
"The church always extends itself to those in need, so we will be on hand to
help those who fall victim to gambling."

South Carolina joins Georgia, Florida, Virginia, Louisiana, Kentucky and Texas
as Southern states with lotteries.

In North Carolina, where there is no lottery, state Sen. Tony Rand said his
state can't afford to be left out.

"I've heard that North Carolina is the only state that plays the lottery and
doesn't keep the money," said Rand, who has sponsored a lottery bill.

South Carolinian Janice Ward said she voted for the lottery largely because
she's a sixth-grade teacher. "I'm very much in favor of it because it will
support education," she said. Ward was unmoved by lottery detractors, who
claimed the $ 150 million for education a lottery might raise could be found in
the state budget by cutting spending for other programs.

"Show me the money," said Ward, who buys markers and other supplies for her
class out of her own pocket. "They'd be hard-pressed to see $ 150 million just
lying around."

Emerging from North Augusta High School just across the state line from Georgia,
Peggy Seigler said she was for improving education but couldn't bring herself to
support a state lottery.

"Georgia has a lottery, and a lot of people from South Carolina play it," said
the 28-year-old Chamber of Commerce worker, "but I'm not sure South Carolina is
large enough to support its own."

Political analysts on both sides of the referendum predicted black turnout would
decide the outcome. Strong turnout by blacks in 1998 helped send Hodges to the
Governor's Mansion.

Tyeasha Perry, 17, a high school student, and her mother, 40-year-old Diane
Boyd, were among the blacks who didn't back Hodges' plan Tuesday.

"I really don't believe in the lottery because it will bring a lot of
corruption," Perry said. "All the money we need is right here in this state.
South Carolina is not poor. They just need to send the money to the schools."

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Hesekieh Brown considers the political message Tuesday in a Charleston, S.C.,
storefront. Brown said he was "in the middle" on the lottery question./ PAULA
ILLINGWORTH / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              721 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 FEBRUARY 6, 1996 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

PIONEER PETER W. CASSEY TAUGHT EARLY SAN JOSE'S BLACK RESIDENTS

BYLINE: JOANNE GRANT, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 557 words


WORDS SUCH AS "remarkable," "well-educated" and "determined to succeed"
surrounded Peter Williams Cassey, one of San Jose's first black residents.

In the context of Black History Month, outstanding might be an appropriate
addition.

Cassey was born in Philadelphia in 1831 and came to California 22 years later
when there were about 2,000 blacks in the Bay Area. About 1,500 called San
Francisco home, with a small and unknown number living in San Jose.

As a young man, Cassey had been trained as a barber, and when he arrived in San
Francisco, he practiced that trade. He became part of a network that passed
along reports, in code, on legislation being considered in Sacramento that might
be detrimental to blacks. The network also collected and distributed information
on acts of cruelty or discrimination.

In those days, most of the barbers in California were black, so it was an
effective network.

But Cassey wasn't destined to spend his life as a barber. In those days, black
children weren't allowed in public schools, but Cassey heard the pleas of black
parents in San Jose who wanted their children educated. By 1861, he had begun
teaching them.

His school was formally organized by December 1862, under the wing of Trinity
Episcopal Church.

One source says it was called St. Philip's Mission School; another, the
Phoenixonia Institute. Still another says it was St. Philip's Mission at
Phoenixonian Hall. The Mercury, in the 1860s, called it "the School for Colored
Children."

Whatever the name, the school thrived, educationally at least. The children were
described in the Mercury as being "well advanced in their studies." In 1867, an
official church report commended Cassey and commented that "the polite behavior
and intelligence of the pupils show the most faithful and judicious training."

The school, on Fourth Street between William and Reed streets, was a combination
day and boarding school with students from San Jose, other parts of California,
Oregon and Panama. The number of children attending at any one time ranged from
28 to 35. It also was home to Cassey; his wife, Anna B. Cassey; and their two
daughters.

But it was plagued by money problems. Cassey, whose ancestors included a
philanthropist, apparently invested about $3,000 of his own money in the school,
according to a history from Trinity church.

Cassey appealed for money to continue the school, and some help was received,
but it wasn't enough.

By the early 1870s, Cassey had begun dividing his time between the school and
the small Christ Church Mission in San Francisco. He had been ordained a deacon
of the Episcopal church in San Jose in September 1866. It was the first
ordination at Trinity, and it was conducted by Bishop William Ingraham Kip, the
first Episcopal bishop of California and a strong supporter of Cassey.

Cassey never rose to the priesthood because he did not know Greek and Latin. At
least one bishop, however, commented that Cassey's command "of the English
language was far in advance of many who claim to be scholars."

In 1881, Cassey left the Bay Area to serve as the first black priest at St.
Cyprian's Church in New Bern, N.C. It was the first black Episcopal parish in
North Carolina.

In 1894, he moved to Florida. He served three churches there before he died in
1917 at the age of 86.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OUT OF THE PAST
RELATED STORY: page 4B

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Cassey
[960206 LO 1B 4]

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      May 20, 1995, Saturday, City Edition

Man with Uzi-like gun robs credit union

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; AROUND THE REGION; LOCAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 357 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



A man wearing all black and carrying a gun that looked like an Uzi walked  into
a credit union Friday and demanded money, police said. Some 20 people  were
inside the GTE Federal Credit Union, 4584 39th Ave. N, when the robber  told the
teller to place money into a large duffel bag about 11:05 a.m. The  man ran to a
nearby apartment complex where he got into a newer model, white  vehicle
occupied by several other people. The robber was described as a black  man
between 20 and 30 years old, 5-foot-9 and 150 to 160 pounds. He had a  mustache
and wore black pants and black sweatshirt with a hooded shirt  underneath. No
arrests had been made late Friday.

Ex-car dealer accused of stealing sales taxes

The former owner of one of the largest wholesale car dealerships in the
Southeast has been charged with stealing $ 236,771 in state sales taxes. Joseph

 Randall Camero, 41, who owned dealerships in both Tampa and Clearwater, failed

 to turn in the money from his Dealers Liquidation Center during three months
in 1992, state Department of Revenue officials said Friday. Camero was named  by
federal investigators a "member of the Trafficante crime family" during a  1992
investigation of Key Bank of Florida. Camero was a business associate of  Santo
Trafficante III, son of the alleged boss of the Tampa mob. Camero's  principal
business, Camero Enterprises of Tampa, filed for Chapter 11  bankruptcy
protection in May 1992. That's also when his Dealers Liquidation  Center in
Clearwater went out of business. Camero failed to turn in sales tax  money
during March, April and May of 1992, using that money to pay personal  and
business expenses, Department of Revenue officials said. Camero was  arrested
this week and was released from the Hillsborough County Jail on  $ 20,000 bail.
  Happy grad

Center Academy student Mark Colandrea is congratulated Friday by Pamela Fetta
and Eric V. Larson before graduation ceremonies at the St. Petersburg Yacht
Club. The school, which graduated nine, is for students with learning
disabilities and attention deficit disorders.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, BOBBY SANCHEZ; Center Academy student Mark
Colandrea is congratulated Friday by Pamela Fetta and Eric V. Larson before
graduation ceremonies at the St. Petersburg Yacht Club.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              723 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     March 25, 1989, Saturday, City Edition

Woman killed in head-on crash

SECTION: TAMPA; TAMPA NEWS TODAY; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 381 words

DATELINE: BRANDON



BRANDON - A 63-year-old woman was killed Thursday night when her car    veered
into the wrong lane of Brandon Boulevard and struck another car    head-on,
sheriff's deputies said. Aileen Caldwell Emminger of 261    Hermitage in Valrico
was traveling west in an eastbound lane of Brandon    Boulevard near Bryan Road
in a 1986 Plymouth about 10:45 p.m. Thursday,    sheriff's deputies said. She
collided head-on with a 1984 Ford driven    by George Robbins, 18, of 417 Regal
Park Drive in Valrico, officials    said. Authorities said Robbins was taken to
Humana Hospital-Brandon,    but officials there had no record of his being
treated.



 Restaurant robber is sought

 BRANDON - An armed man held a restaurant manager and another employee    at
gunpoint while he stole money from them and the Ponderosa restaurant    at 1449
W Brandon Blvd. late Thursday, officials said. After    confronting the
employee, Duane Robinson, 20, in the parking lot around    11 p.m., the man
forced him back inside and ordered Robinson and    manager Corky Tiner to the
restaurant's office, where he made Tiner    open the safe and hand over money,
deputies said. Then the man took    money from the two employees, according to a
deputy's news release. The    man is described as black, 5 feet 11, 180 to 190
pounds with short,    curly, black hair. He was wearing a short-sleeved black
shirt and black    pants. He carried a black-handled revolver.

 SECTION B    Woman denied bail

 Nineteen-year-old Theresa Yeoman was denied bail Friday while awaiting    trial
on charges that she murdered her newborn daughter earlier this    month. A
medical examiner said at the hearing that the baby suffocated    after being
abandoned in a plastic bag in a convenience-store parking    lot.



 Family questions 'suicide'

 The family and friends of Vincent Savorelli are questioning officials'
labeling of his death last Sunday as a suicide. Savorelli had just had    a new
grandchild and was speaking optimistically at a wedding reception    moments
before his death, they said. Savorelli died of a gunshot wound    to the chest
shortly after leaving the reception.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              724 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               November 16, 1998, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

$ 20,000 IN COMMUNITY DEVELOPMENT GRANTS WILL BE USED TO IMPROVE BELOW-PAR;
HOUSING

SECTION: NORTH POST, Pg. 5

LENGTH: 195 words



Black Jack plans to spend $ 20,000 to renovate substandard housing.

Black Jack will receive the money in Community Development Block Grants.
Mayor-elect Norman McCourt told the City Council that housing improvements would
be a priority for the program. "We've used the money that way for at least the
last five years," McCourt said.

McCourt also said that Black Jack had to return $ 40,000 in unused grants
accumulated in several years. The money was returned to St. Louis County. "It's
terrible we had to return the funds and didn't utilize it for something in the
community," McCourt said.

The money will be available to residents through grants or loans. The loans
would be repaid on a sliding scale, with those 55 or older repaying part of
their loans and those older than 65 receiving grants. Owners would have to apply
and meet certain eligibility requirements.

In other business, the next bills sent out by BFI, Black Jack's trash hauler,
will contain a billing error. The bills will show that residents are past due on
their accounts, although they are really not, McCourt says. He suggested they
pay the amount due on the current period.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              725 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 15, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Essay;
Rollins, the Unlikely Reformer

BYLINE: By WILLIAM SAFIRE

SECTION: Section A; Page 17; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 716 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


Ed Rollins, the political manager who out-strategized White House guru James
Carville in the recent New Jersey gubernatorial, reminds me of the mentalist in
the old movie "The 39 Steps": when asked a question, he is compelled to blurt
out the dangerous truth.

His need to expose the existence of what pols have long called "walking around
money" -- henceforth to be known in the annals of psychiatry as Rollins's
Compulsion -- has provided the healthiest revelation in politics this year. To
the victor belongs the spoiler. The horrified goo-goos denouncing his
time-dishonored tactics do not recognize a true reformer.

Reminiscence: As an eager young flack in the Presidential campaign of 1960, I
was assigned to try to cut Republican losses in cities where Democratic machines
delivered the vote -- Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, New York.

Len Hall, who had helped elect Eisenhower and was chairman of the Nixon
campaign, told us: "Joe Kennedy is pumping out the walkin'-around money as I've
never seen. We have to match him dollar for dollar -- cash in the hands of the
Republican precinct captains, wherever we have any. And don't forget" -- Hall
turned to a lawyer who a decade later became a top law enforcement officer --
"we're not above puttin' a roof on the church."

I was familiar with the term walkin'-around money, later cruelly defined in my
political lexicon as "cash payoffs to precinct workers." A campaign would give a
few hundred bucks to a captain to have in his pocket for incidental expenses --
not to "buy votes," heaven forfend -- just to pay for a baby sitter or stimulate
a canvasser or hire a bus on Election Day. The captain kept most of it for
himself, but it made him feel like a big man and may have squeezed out a few
extra votes; all part of the game.

My part of the project was to direct payments to black, Jewish, Irish, Polish
and other local newspapers and radio stations, ostensibly for advertising, but
nobody checked to see if the ads actually ran or the papers got distributed. The
purpose was to encourage the gazettes and stations toward editorial balance.

One day I breezed into the office of one of Hall's junior law partners and was
startled by the biggest stack of cash I had ever seen laid out all over his
desk. Not a great sum -- they were all $20 bills, for walkin'-around money --
but it was a memorable way to begin a long friendship with Bill Casey, who
ordered me out of his office lest I lose my innocence.

Later that day, when a black Republican leader from Philadelphia came in, I
learned what "puttin' a roof on the church" meant. The Kennedy forces, in the
grand tradition, had passed out "contributions" to black ministers in the inner
cities to urge their congregations to get to the polls and vote -- which meant
vote Democratic, because almost all were brass-collar Democrats. Our man went
back to Philadelphia with about five grand, which he assured Hall would be used
to counter the Kennedy gifts.

It reminded me of the joke of the corrupt Albany judge who said to a defendant's
lawyer: "The plaintiff slipped me five thou to decide the case his way. Here's
my idea: How about you giving me five thou too, and I'll decide the case on its
merits?"

The practice of roofing churches was not invented in the '60 campaign, nor did
it end with it. On Aug. 9, 1976, the A.P. reported: "The Jimmy Carter campaign
gave donations to black ministers who supported him in the California primary
and paid out other 'street money' that was not properly accounted for, The Los
Angeles Times said in its Sunday editions."

Charles Mohr of The New York Times, covering the same story, wrote: ". . . the
use of subcontractors, or neighborhood leaders, who are given 'walking around
money' is an established part of political life in some cities."

Now, thanks to the curiously reformist Rollins Compulsion, revelation of the
tradition of slipping a few bucks to precinct workers and a few more to
ministers who mix politics with their preaching is causing Democratic pols to
hyperventilate. Investigate! Prosecute! Re-run!

No. We need a few good reporters in several cities, preferably black and street
smart, to lay out this bipartisan system for all to marvel at. Then it will
stop. The hypocrisy here is in feigned ignorance.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Op-Ed

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              726 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             July 14, 2007 Saturday
                                 1 Star Edition

THE ROBBER BARON;
BLACK STOLE INVESTORS' POUNDS 30MILLION

BYLINE: BY RYAN PARRY, US CORRESPONDENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 382 words


FALLEN media tycoon Conrad Black faces up to 20 years in prison after he was
convicted of fraud yesterday.

The 62-year-old former Daily Telegraph owner was also found guilty of
obstructing justice.

Last night billionaire Black faced ruin and the prospect of losing his fortune.

He will be sentenced on November 30. Last night Black's lawyers said they will
appeal.

Black and three colleagues siphoned pounds 30million from shareholders in the
newspaper firm Hollinger International - the US-based company which controlled
his vast empire.

Prosecutors alleged that the four behaved like "bank robbers" secretly swindling
the investors out of their money.

Black looked down impassively when Judge Amy St Eve read out the verdicts to a
packed courtroom.

Prosecutor Eric Sussman called for him to be jailed. He told the court that
Black was "very conservatively" looking at 15 to 20 years in jail.

The guilty verdicts cap a remarkable fall from grace for Black, once one of the
UK's wealthiest and most influential media figures.

The jury was told the pounds 30million came mainly from the sale of hundreds of
local papers between 1998 and 2001. The four pocketed payments from the buyers
in return for promises not to compete with them.

The jury also heard details of Black's lavish lifestyle, which the prosecution
claimed was partly funded through fraud.

He bought mansions and yachts and was also said to have put pounds 21,000 of
Hollinger money towards a surprise birthday party for his wife Barbara Amiel at
a New York restaurant.

The Chicago jury also convicted Black's colleagues Jack Boultbee, 64, Peter
Atkinson, 60, and Mark Kipnis, 59, of fraud at the end of the 16-week Chicago
trial.

Black was convicted of three charges of mail fraud - fraud involving the postal
service - but cleared of a further six.

He was also cleared of racketeering and tax evasion. Edward Greenspan, defending
Black, said: "We came here to face 13 counts. Conrad Black was acquitted of all
the central charges."

Black gave up his Canadian citizenship in 2000 to become a lord.

Yesterday he handed over his UK passport to the court. Last night the Tory peer
was stripped of his title.

GUILTY

Three counts of mail fraud ..5 years each

GUILTY

Obstructing justice ..up to 20 years

Voice of the Mirror: Page 8

ryan.parry@mirror.co.uk

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AT COURT: Black arrives yesterday; WIFE: Barbara Amiel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2007 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            November 25, 2005 Friday

Castroville family escapes blaze in home

SECTION: Z_NEWS

LENGTH: 306 words


Four people escaped with minor cuts after their home in Castroville was
destroyed by fire early Thursday, North County Fire Protection District
officials said.

Capt. Doug McCoun said the fire was started by a candle about 4 a.m., and the
home at 11241 Moro Cojo will have to be rebuilt. Residents escaped through a
window and later received helped from the Monterey County Chapter of the Red
Cross.

Gun-toting thieves rob man outside bar

Two men robbed a 27-year-old man at gunpoint outside El As de Oros bar in
Salinas on Wednesday night, police officials said.

The victim was talking on his cell phone around 10 p.m. outside the bar at 238
Williams Road when one suspect pointed a black semiautomatic weapon and demanded
money, then punched him in the face. The other man took the victim's cell phone
and wallet with an undisclosed amount of cash. The suspects fled on foot.

Two men use handgun to rob gas station

Two men wearing black hooded sweatshirts and black beanies robbed a gas station
Wednesday night in the 600 block of West Market Street in Salinas, taking an
undisclosed amount of money from the clerk.

About 9:30 p.m., one suspect entered the business and demanded money from the
register while pointing a semi-automatic handgun, Salinas Police Department
officials said. The clerk gave the money to the other robber, who was not armed.
The suspects fled toward a black compact vehicle, where a third person was
waiting for them.

Suspect in restaurant heists arrested

A Salinas man was arrested early Thursday in connection with a series of
burglaries in at least three Carmel restaurants, officials said Thursday.

Raymond Vasquez, 60, is suspected to have robbed Merlot Bistro, Porta Bella and
The Tuck Box in Carmel, Carmel police Sgt. Mike Calhoun said. Vasquez was
arrested at 2:53 a.m. and is being held at Monterey County Jail.

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2005 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 26, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

15-Year-Old Pleads Guilty in Slaying Of NE Driver, 66

Nancy Lewis, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 593 words


A 66-year-old man who kept busy in retirement giving rides to shoppers at a
Safeway store near Hechinger Mall in Northeast Washington was targeted for
robbery in September because he was "old" and younger drivers usually struggled
with bandits.

But Clarence E. Black resisted, too, and died as a result of a .38-caliber
bullet wound to his forehead, according to the 15-year-old who said he was
holding the gun to Black's head when the "gun went off."

The account of the September night when Black was shot to death came from a
videotaped statement made by the 15-year-old when he was arrested in November.
The tape was played in court yesterday as the youth pleaded guilty to
second-degree murder.

As the scratchy-sounding videotape crackled from the machine, Willie Black,
Clarence Black's widow, wept in the courtroom's front row and two of Black's
sisters listened with grim faces. The youth stood throughout the proceedings,
showing no emotion. His mother and father stood nearby.

His statement made no mention of the two bullets that were fired from the same
gun into the car from the outside, one lodging in the back of the driver's seat,
the other in the area where the trunk met the back window, according to the
evidence summary outlined by Assistant Corporation Counsel Darlene Soltys.

Nor did the youth talk about how he'd later told an acquaintance, "That was the
first person I killed." As for the gun, he told police he had "bought it from a
guy" last summer for $ 175. He didn't say where he'd gotten the money.

The slaying of Black, one of a loosely knit group of "courtesy drivers" who
provide rides for shoppers, young and old, often for free or, at most, a couple
of dollars, outraged his neighborhood in the Trinidad section of Northeast
Washington.

The Washington Post attended yesterday's hearing in D.C. Superior Court under an
agreement that prohibits identification of the youth.

Yusef Brown, 16, of the 1100 block of 19th Street NE, has been charged as a
adult with felony murder while armed in Black's death. He has not been indicted.
But in the 15-year-old's statement, which formed the basis for Judge Reggie B.
Walton to accept his plea, the youth identified Brown as the person who set out
with him that night to rob one of the courtesy drivers and as the person who
rifled Black's pockets for money, finding only a small knife.

"We were broke that day. . . . We didn't have no money," the youth said in the
taped statement. He said that he and Yusef Brown went to the Safeway intending
to rob a driver and that several others already had refused to drive them the
few blocks from the grocery store to Summit Place NE when Black finally agreed.

The 15-year-old said that as they approached their destination, he pulled out
his gun while sitting in the back seat and demanded Black's money. But Black
started struggling, the youth said, and stepped on the gas apparently to try to
throw the youths off balance. Black's gray Buick LeSabre hit at least one other
car before it crashed into a van in the 1100 block of Summit Place.

The youth said that after the gun went off, striking Black, he and Brown ran to
a nearby house and changed clothes before going back out. Police found Black
slumped in the front seat, the motor of his car still running.

Walton ordered that the youth be held at Oak Hill Youth Center while
psychological, psychiatric and education tests are completed for his possible
placement in a private treatment program outside the District. He is to return
to court June 8.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              729 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 1, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Black's family must appear in court

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 505  words


CHICAGO -- Conrad Black's wife and three children must appear before a Chicago
judge to be "admonished" for their part in guaranteeing the bond that secures
his freedom until a trial in March on fraud and racketeering charges.

Barbara Amiel Black and Black's children Jonathan, Alana and James, own
non-voting stock in Conrad Capital Corp., which in turn owns a Palm Beach
mansion that was pledged as a substantial part of Black's $20 million US bond.

At a hearing Friday, Judge Amy St. Eve of the U.S. District Court for the
Northern District of Illinois said Black's attempt to recover about $1 million
US, which prosecutors say is part of the bond, "raised a concern" and she told
his lawyers to make sure he is also fully aware of what actions would breach his
bail and cause him to lose his house in Palm Beach.

"Mr. Black is here today. You hear me Mr. Black," St. Eve said to the former
press baron, who was clad in a grey suit, white shirt and a tie that looked
similar to the one he wore in December when he was indicted on charges that
include mail and wire fraud, money laundering and obstructing justice stemming
from his time at the helm of Hollinger International Inc.

Last week, prosecutors sought to revoke or modify Black's bail, claiming he had
misrepresented his fi nances and breached bail conditions when a lawsuit was fi
led on his behalf seeking a portion of the $8.5 million US seized by the
government from the proceeds of the sale of his New York Park Avenue apartment.

"It concerns me there was an attempt to do something," said the judge Friday,
even though she had denied the prosecution's motion to revoke bail on Monday.
Black's Chicago and Toronto lawyers say the lawsuit, which was fi led by another
lawyer in New York, was withdrawn as soon as they realized what had happened.

St. Eve has ordered that a new fi nancial statement for Black be fi led under
seal by July 10. A hearing about whether the amount of money pledged as the bail
bond must be increased will be held two days later.

The usually defiant Black was uncharacteristically subdued following Friday's
hearing, refusing to speak with reporters.

When he quietly acknowledged the imminent sale of his stake in community
newspaper publisher Horizon Operations Ltd. by saying "that's right," his
lawyers quickly silenced him before escorting him into a van in front of the
courthouse.

Prior to his fl ight to Chicago, however, Black reiterated earlier statements
about his predicament, calling the court proceedings "a travesty" and insisting
he will be "vindicated." Black's legal team has said he plans to use the $16
million in proceeds from the sale of Horizon to pay off a Canada Revenue Agency
tax lien on the Palm Beach home. Prosecutors have raised questions about the
state of the lien and worked out arrangements to talk to the revenue agency next
week.

Black has also received $5.7 million US from debentures in Horizon Publishing,
which has been placed in escrow in a non-interest bearing account until the
judge's ruling on the bond.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Associated Press; Conrad Black leaves a federal courthouse in
Chicago Friday

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday

HBCUs to reach out, seek alumni support

BYLINE: Gregory Childress

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 426  words


Durham -- Randall Childs, director of major gifts at N.C. Central University,
believes Bill Cosby made a good point last week when he said black colleges must
be more aggressive in asking graduates to give back.

But Childs, himself the product of a black college, Morehouse College in
Atlanta, also believes historically black colleges and universities can catch
more alums with honey than they can with vinegar, with the honey being a
continuous and effective communications strategy.

"The more often we communicate the success that happens here at the university,
the more often we do that, it puts us in a better position to share our vision
about where we're going," Childs said.

Cosby took a hard-line while in Durham last week to speak at a conference about
the financial future of black colleges. He insisted that historically black
colleges and universities can no longer afford to be nice when approaching alums
for money.

"Don't be nice about it. Tell them you're broke and need some money," Cosby
thundered.

While Cosby's words have merit, Childs said the reality is that demanding money
is no guarantee universities will get it from alums.

"Saying that doesn't make them do it," Childs said.

Childs said charitable giving by NCCU alums amounted to $1.47 million for fiscal
year 2007-08. He said the money -- pledges, commitments and cash -- came from
2,941 donors. That gave NCCU a 12.25 percent alumni participation when it came
to charitable giving, the same as it has been the past couple of years."I've
seen a steady increase," said Childs. "We're not perfect, but we're continuing
to work at it."

Ideally, Childs said the university would like to see the alumni participation
rate grow to 20 percent or better, which would top the 12 percent national rate
for all colleges.

"That's a goal that is worthy of pursuing," Childs said. "That would get us to
around 4,800 giving based on good addresses for our alums."

Childs said one strategy the university will begin to use more often is
soliciting alums through the various schools from which they earned degrees. He
said because many alums feel connected to those schools, getting a letter from a
dean will serve as a powerful incentive to give.

Chancellor Charlie Nelms said with the economic challenges the nation is now
facing, that it is more important now than ever for alumni of historically black
colleges to support their schools.

"Everyone can be a philanthropist, just not at the same level," Nelms said.
"Whether it's giving of their time or money, we need the ongoing support of our
alumni."

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Durham Herald Co.


                              731 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Intelligencer Journal (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           October 15, 2008 Wednesday

Ride To Rehoboth Raises Money For Black Rock;
This Year's Event Included 149 Cyclists Andone Participant Who Ran The 125-Mile
Distance

BYLINE: Greg Caldwell, Correspondent

SECTION: M; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 808  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


BY GREG CALDWELL

Correspondent

An event that started as a small bicycle ride among friends to raise money for a
local organization has now turned into a large ride for charity that saw the
riders bring in close to $100,000 this year.

The Black Rock to Rehoboth Beach ride (BR2RB) goes from Quarryville to Camp
Arrowhead in Rehoboth Beach. The 125-mile ride that started with five riders
seven years ago has now increased to 149 riders over a two-day period, with each
one of them raising money for Black Rock Resort.

Mahlon Stoltzfus and some friends had been riding together for approximately 20
years. They had taken their bikes to the beach in the past, but did it as a form
of exercise and as a small fundraiser for Black Rock, a Christian-based camp.

The group then decided it would be great to get more people involved and make it
into a much bigger event.

"People would donate money to each person just for completing the ride,"
Stoltzfus said. "Three of us still ride in this every year."

The three still involved are Stoltzfus, Dave King and Irv Blank. Irv and Mahlon
are riding partners and have traveled the country on their bikes. "We have gone
to Florida together and also from San Diego to Florida," Stoltzfus said.

A twist to this year's event, held the last weekend of September, was one local
man running the entire distance.

Jason Lantz, a Millersville student majoring in social work with a minor in
English, completed the event in 26 hours and 15 minutes.

This was not an unheard of event for him, as he had run and won a 100-mile
ultra-marathon in Maryland the month before the fundraiser. But this still
included 25 miles more than Lantz had ever run in a race before.

"I challenged him to join us for this event," said Stoltzfus, one of five
founders of this event. "He came back and said he would do it. He had people run
with him throughout different parts of the race."

Lantz said he was excited by the challenge of running. "This was bigger than
anything I had ever done, but I thought it was a possibility. I kept training by
adding a few more miles on, but tried to keep running between 50 and 70 miles
per week," Lantz said.

"I knew it would be tough, but different boosts of energy helped me through." He
spent much of the last 30 miles stopping to drink Red Bull and Coffee as his
stomach was a mess.But looking back, he said he only remembers all the good
memories of the day.

"The last 30 miles I had my cousin, uncle and an old professor with me," Lantz
said. "It was the greatest feeling ever to complete this event for a good
cause."

This year's ride raised approximately $70,000 after the costs were tallied up
and subtracted from the final total. "This was our best turnout ever. I see no
reason why the numbers will not continue to increase as it is such a nice ride
and everyone enjoys the experience while spreading the word of Black Rock
Retreat," said Jon Riddell, Business Manager at Black Rock and a bicyclist in
the event. The funds are earmarked for summer camp at the resort.

Most riders complete the trip in anywhere between six and a half and nine hours.
The trip takes them down Route 9, a scenic side road in Delaware.

"It also depends on what shape you are in," Stoltzfus said. (And) if there is a
lot of headwind, it is a much tougher ride. "We split into groups for the event,
with the fastest riders starting first."

Various support groups help riders during the trip. There are five food stops, a
mechanic and a nurse. There are also tail vehicles and buses that take the
cyclists back when the trip is complete. Vans take the bikes back to
Quarryville. All the riders have a meal in Rehoboth before they head home. The
cyclists previously ended at the beach, but the amount of riders made this a
logistical nightmare and they had to end at a nearby location.

Stoltzfus said riders came from all over Lancaster County, Montgomery County and
Lewisburg. "This is not your normal century ride. It is a unique format that has
people really interested," Stoltzfus said. "We raise money for a good cause, yet
it gets people off the couch, losing weight and keeping in shape. We even had
people new to the sport ride this year."

The event has been increased to two days, with riders having the choice of a
Friday or Saturday trip. There was one rider this year, George Metzler, who rode
his bike down Friday, rode back that night, and rode down again Saturday, but
that is more than Stoltzfus expects other riders to do.

"We only had one person who was unable to complete the trip this year. We have
had phenomenal growth and the Lord blessed us with so many riders and money,"
Stoltzfus said.

Dates are still being finalized for next year, but Stoltzfus said they are
always looking for more participants. The dates and registration information
should be available on www.blackrockretreat.com within the next few months.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Greg Caldwell Particpating In The Black Rock To Rehoboth Beach Ride
Included, On Bikes, From Left, John Dienner, Mahlon Stoltzfus, Dave King, Sam
Stoltzfus And John Beiler. Millersville Student Jason Lantz, Kneeling, Ran The
125-Mile Event.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              732 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Frontier Star

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

Advani questions Sonia Gandhi's silence on corruption

SECTION: Vol. 16 No. 308

LENGTH: 494  words


On the latest leg of his anti-corruption 'rath yatra', Indian opposition
Bhartiya Janata Party's veteran leader LK Advani took on Congress President
Sonia Gandhi as he questioned her silence on the corruption issue on Saturday.

"Why is the Congress President silent on the issue of corruption? Since Manmohan
Singh has become the Prime Minister, the system in India is like in communist
countries where party president is more important," said Mr Advani.

"If there was no corruption inflation could be controlled. Food inflation is at
a record high. This is a big problem," he added.

Mr Advani announcing his plans after the 'rath yatra', said that he will take up
the issue of black money stashed in foreign bank accounts.

"After this yatra is over, the focus of the winter session will be the black
money parked in Swiss accounts. I have the right to know who are they? This is a
very serious matter as it brings the issue of black money close to the political
system and it cannot be dealt with only as a tax evasion issue," Advani told
reporters at a press conference," he said.

Asking whether the Centre is really interested in exposing those who have funds
stashed abroad, Mr Advani said he has been demanding that the government must
come out with a white paper on the steps it has taken to bring back this black
money.

Countries like USA, Germany, France and even smaller nations like Philippines,
Peru and Nigeria have taken a variety of measures to bring back black money
parked in

foreign bank accounts with great success.

"Why is the UPA government not ready to do the same. It would be appropriate if
the government presents a white paper on black money in the winter session," he
said.

"It will be our effort to see that black money is the principal issue in the
upcoming session. Country wants to know where steps the government has taken in
the matter," Mr Advani added.

He also said there is no leadership crisis in the BJP and the 'rath yatra' is
not an attempt to project him as the future Prime Minister of the country.

"There is no leadership crisis in BJP. Someone asked me if this 'yatra' is to
repackage Advani. This has nothing to do with me or the BJP. It's to restore
India's Image in the eyes of the world," he said.

Asked about corruption cases against former Karnataka Chief Minister BS
Yeddyurappa, Advani said, "I have spoken in detail on this issue. I do not want
to repeat the same things

again and again."BS Yeddyurappa is in jail on land scam charges.

However, differing with Team Anna, Advani disfavoured the introduction of the
Right to Recall saying it may destabilise the whole structure in a country as
big as India.

"I am inclined to agree with the Chief Election Commissioner that in a country
as vast as ours, it (Right to Recall) may have consequences which may
destabilise the whole

structure," he told reporters.

Indian Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi had recently said that the Right
to Recall could destabilize the country.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Frontier Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

Advani questions Sonia Gandhi's silence on corruption

SECTION: Vol. 9 No. 768

LENGTH: 494  words


On the latest leg of his anti-corruption 'rath yatra', Indian opposition
Bhartiya Janata Party's veteran leader LK Advani took on Congress President
Sonia Gandhi as he questioned her silence on the corruption issue on Saturday.

"Why is the Congress President silent on the issue of corruption? Since Manmohan
Singh has become the Prime Minister, the system in India is like in communist
countries where party president is more important," said Mr Advani.

"If there was no corruption inflation could be controlled. Food inflation is at
a record high. This is a big problem," he added.

Mr Advani announcing his plans after the 'rath yatra', said that he will take up
the issue of black money stashed in foreign bank accounts.

"After this yatra is over, the focus of the winter session will be the black
money parked in Swiss accounts. I have the right to know who are they? This is a
very serious matter as it brings the issue of black money close to the political
system and it cannot be dealt with only as a tax evasion issue," Advani told
reporters at a press conference," he said.

Asking whether the Centre is really interested in exposing those who have funds
stashed abroad, Mr Advani said he has been demanding that the government must
come out with a white paper on the steps it has taken to bring back this black
money.

Countries like USA, Germany, France and even smaller nations like Philippines,
Peru and Nigeria have taken a variety of measures to bring back black money
parked in foreign bank accounts with great success.

"Why is the UPA government not ready to do the same. It would be appropriate if
the government presents a white paper on black money in the winter session," he
said.

"It will be our effort to see that black money is the principal issue in the
upcoming session. Country wants to know where steps the government has taken in
the matter," Mr Advani added.

He also said there is no leadership crisis in the BJP and the 'rath yatra' is
not an attempt to project him as the future Prime Minister of the country.

"There is no leadership crisis in BJP. Someone asked me if this 'yatra' is to
repackage Advani. This has nothing to do with me or the BJP. It's to restore
India's Image in the eyes of the world," he said.

Asked about corruption cases against former Karnataka Chief Minister BS
Yeddyurappa, Advani said, "I have spoken in detail on this issue. I do not want
to repeat the same things again and again."BS Yeddyurappa is in jail on land
scam charges.

However, differing with Team Anna, Advani disfavoured the introduction of the
Right to Recall saying it may destabilise the whole structure in a country as
big as India.

"I am inclined to agree with the Chief Election Commissioner that in a country
as vast as ours, it (Right to Recall) may have consequences which may
destabilise the whole structure," he told reporters.

Indian Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi had recently said that the Right
to Recall could destabilize the country.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Patriot

                            November 6, 2011 Sunday

Advani questions Sonia Gandhi's silence on corruption

SECTION: Vol. 9 No. 768

LENGTH: 494  words


On the latest leg of his anti-corruption 'rath yatra', Indian opposition
Bhartiya Janata Party's veteran leader LK Advani took on Congress President
Sonia Gandhi as he questioned her silence on the corruption issue on Saturday.

"Why is the Congress President silent on the issue of corruption? Since Manmohan
Singh has become the Prime Minister, the system in India is like in communist
countries where party president is more important," said Mr Advani.

"If there was no corruption inflation could be controlled. Food inflation is at
a record high. This is a big problem," he added.

Mr Advani announcing his plans after the 'rath yatra', said that he will take up
the issue of black money stashed in foreign bank accounts.

"After this yatra is over, the focus of the winter session will be the black
money parked in Swiss accounts. I have the right to know who are they? This is a
very serious matter as it brings the issue of black money close to the political
system and it cannot be dealt with only as a tax evasion issue," Advani told
reporters at a press conference," he said.

Asking whether the Centre is really interested in exposing those who have funds
stashed abroad, Mr Advani said he has been demanding that the government must
come out with a white paper on the steps it has taken to bring back this black
money.

Countries like USA, Germany, France and even smaller nations like Philippines,
Peru and Nigeria have taken a variety of measures to bring back black money
parked in foreign bank accounts with great success.

"Why is the UPA government not ready to do the same. It would be appropriate if
the government presents a white paper on black money in the winter session," he
said.

"It will be our effort to see that black money is the principal issue in the
upcoming session. Country wants to know where steps the government has taken in
the matter," Mr Advani added.

He also said there is no leadership crisis in the BJP and the 'rath yatra' is
not an attempt to project him as the future Prime Minister of the country.

"There is no leadership crisis in BJP. Someone asked me if this 'yatra' is to
repackage Advani. This has nothing to do with me or the BJP. It's to restore
India's Image in the eyes of the world," he said.

Asked about corruption cases against former Karnataka Chief Minister BS
Yeddyurappa, Advani said, "I have spoken in detail on this issue. I do not want
to repeat the same things again and again."BS Yeddyurappa is in jail on land
scam charges.

However, differing with Team Anna, Advani disfavoured the introduction of the
Right to Recall saying it may destabilise the whole structure in a country as
big as India.

"I am inclined to agree with the Chief Election Commissioner that in a country
as vast as ours, it (Right to Recall) may have consequences which may
destabilise the whole structure," he told reporters.

Indian Chief Election Commissioner S Y Quraishi had recently said that the Right
to Recall could destabilize the country.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2011 The Patriot
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 1, 1993, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PRO BASKETBALL;
Union Chief Wants Salary Cap Ended

BYLINE: By CLIFTON BROWN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 12; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: AUBURN HILLS, Mich., June 30


For Charles Grantham, eliminating the salary cap and increasing employment
opportunities for minorities and women were pertinent issues on the night of the
National Basketball Association draft.

Grantham, director of the N.B.A. Players Association, is pushing for the
elimination of the salary cap when the current collective bargaining agreement
expires after next season. Many teams will have trouble this off season signing
draft picks, making trades, and pursuing free agents because of the salary cap,
a ceiling on a team's total payroll.

Grantham has said the salary cap restricts player movement and unfairly holds
down the value of player contracts. With the league more profitable than it has
ever been, Grantham wants a change in the current system.

Conflicting Conditions

"A decision on whether you acquire a player should be based on his ability to
help you, not based on whether his salary fits into a slot," Grantham said.
"Free agency and a salary cap are a contradiction, because you can't have true
free agency with a cap."

Grantham rebutted the argument that the elimination the cap would put teams in
fiscal difficulty and allow large-market teams to outbid small-market teams for
free agents.

"When Reggie White had the choice of going to any football team, he chose Green
Bay," Grantham said of the small-market Packers. "Athletes in all sports make
decisions for a number of reasons, and only one of those reasons is money. All
the talent will not end up in one place. There's no reason why players shouldn't
have the right to chose.

"As far as money is concerned, there's a pie that's divided between the players
and the owners, and there's a fair share that the players deserve. The money
side is all relative because if the players are making money, then that means
that the people who own or invest in teams are making more."

Employment Gap

Grantham also responded to a survey released Monday by the Rainbow Commission
for Fairness in Athletics that showed a wide gap between the number of blacks
employed on and off the court. The survey, covering all N.B.A. teams except the
Los Angeles Lakers, noted that 78 percent of the league's players are black, but
92 percent of front-office positions are filled by whites.

N.B.A. Commissioner David Stern was quoted as calling the survey "misdirected",
but Grantham disagreed.

"You may not want to hear it, but it's right," Grantham said of the survey. "I'm
sure the commissioner feels more comfortable with what he has done in the league
office, but it's the individual franchises that have not measured up. If you
want to refute those numbers, show us other ones.

"Blacks are misrepresented all across the board if you consider the number of
blacks that have played this game. Any solution starts with recognizing you have
a problem. If diversity and putting more minorities and women in a position of
power is a priority, it should be reflected in the numbers."

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              736 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 25, 2004 Thursday
                                 Idaho Edition

Summit sells for $12.8 million;
Chesrown top bidder at Met auction for 77 acres in Spokane

BYLINE: John Stucke Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 608 words


Marshall Chesrown, the top-dollar developer building the Black Rock community on
Lake Coeur d'Alene, has a new venture - this time paying $12.8 million for 77
acres of prime land near downtown Spokane called the Summit property.

He outbid a California development company Wednesday during a bankruptcy court
auction held to get the best deal for creditors of Metropolitan Mortgage &
Securities.

"I just got drift of this last week that this was in the works," he said after
the auction. "To find 77 acres of land on the water in the core of a city - it
just doesn't happen."

Chesrown, who is known for classy developments in North Idaho, envisions
building higher-end housing and retail on the site. He won't rule out a big-box
retail store such as Wal-Mart, but said that's not his style.

"Personally, that's not what I'm about," he said.

Chesrown's offer capped a confusing auction. His bid wasn't the highest: that
belonged to Seawest Investment Associates, which bid $13.6 million for the
slender parcel on the north bank of the Spokane River east of Monroe Street.

There was a catch in Seawest's bid, however. The company did not have plunk-down
earnest money and could have abandoned its bid without consequence after Dec. 7.

Chesrown's offer, although $800,000 less, included $500,000 in earnest money.

Bankrupcty Judge Patricia Williams ultimately agreed that Chesrown's offer was
too good - and solid - to pass up after three hours of legal back-and-forth
between lawyers.

Chesrown plans to begin work immediately. His money will help Metropolitan's
ongoing efforts to sell property, pay bills and return money to creditors.

Metropolitan bankruptcy attorney Ford Elsaesser determined the auction raised
enough money to satisfy the note due on property plus earn a $500,000 profit on
the deal.

"It was the best deal for the creditors and we can go to bed tonight knowing
that we have $500,000 for them no matter what happens," Elsaesser said after the
hearing.

He implored the judge to accept the deal, which he described as a sure thing
compared to the Seawest deal.

Chesrown attorney Kathryn McKinley told the judge the competing bids were
beginning to "feel like we're bidding real money versus Monopoly money."

Elsaesser said he began to doubt whether Seawest even had the money and worried
the firm was trying to gain a free option on the land.

Chesrown is fast becoming one of the region's most visible developers, with
projects going on in Coeur d'Alene, Liberty Lake and now, it appears, Spokane.

A Spokane native who made millions when he sold his Colorado auto dealerships to
AutoNation, Chesrown first turned his attention to developing the exclusive Club
at Black Rock, a 650-acre gated community and golf course on Lake Coeur d'Alene.
Since then, he acquired the Cedars Floating Restaurant on Lake Coeur d'Alene,
and acreage along the Spokane River where he plans to build waterfront condos.

That property is part of Coeur d'Alene's Riverfront development, an old mill
site on Northwest Boulevard that is being transformed into a live-work-play
community of offices, retail shops and housing.

In 2002, he bought property in Liberty Lake and with partners is developing a
housing project there.

He considers the Summit property a unique opportunity.

"Vibrant cities need residential housing in the downtown area," he said. "I
don't think there's enough of this kind of housing in Spokane ? and we believe
this means we have pent-up demand."

He likes the master plan community ideas that have been floated for the
property.

"I plan to make it the focal project in Spokane," he said. "We can do it."

GRAPHIC: Map of the Summit property

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2004 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              737 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Important game? Bank on it;
UMaine uses money from big-time football games for 4 to 5 percent of its overall
sports budget.

BYLINE: JENN MENENDEZ Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 613 words


When the University of Maine football team strides out of Kinnick Stadium in
Iowa City this afternoon, win or lose, a $400,000 payday will line the coffers
back in Orono.

By the time the Black Bears face Florida State in 2009 for another $450,000, the
team will have earned $1.9 million in guaranteed money against top-division
opponents since 2004.

That money has become a necessity for the university, said Athletic Director
Blake James. Football guarantees have accounted for between 4 and 5 percent of
the department's $14 million annual budget.

''It's something that's needed for a program of our level. The impact is
significant,'' said James. ''It's allowed us to do things we need to do to
continue to be in the Colonial Athletic Association.''

Maine earned $300,000 to face Mississippi State in 2004 and pulled off a 9-7
upset. The Black Bears got $350,000 to play Nebraska in 2005, $200,000 from
Boston College in 2006 and $200,000 for playing Connecticut in 2007.

''I had some friends at large institutions who made the comment 'We're never
going to play you now' after we beat Mississippi State,'' said James. ''But in
general how well we've done in these games has had a positive effect on us.''

The costs to play in these games varies. Maine chartered a plane to Iowa and the
trip will cost around $75,000, according to James. BC, just a bus ride away, was
significantly cheaper.

James said negotiations for these types of games can begin years ahead of time,
and require strategic planning.

Early planning can mean a lower payday. Conversely, the later the agreement is
made, the higher the payday can be.

''If someone were to call me in April (for the following season) they'd pay a
little more,'' said James. ''But a lot of it is catching people on the right
day. It's building relationships with the people doing the scheduling at other
schools.''

James said he can't say specifically what the guarantees have paid for since
2004 because they go straight into the department's general fund.

Maine is hardly alone in scheduling them.

These sorts of matchups have become increasingly popular for lower-division
schools in the last several years.

This season, for example, Delaware will play Maryland, Richmond will play
Virginia, New Hampshire will play Army and Northeastern will play Ball State.

Last year, in one of the most historic upsets in college football history,
Appalachian State beat Michigan, 34-32. Today the Mountaineers, the 2007
lower-division champions, will fetch $550,000 to play at Louisiana State.

''It kind of elevates the status for a smaller school and every once in a while
you catch lightning in a bottle,'' said Doug Blais, a professor of sports
management at Southern New Hampshire University. ''Appalachian State beating
Michigan? You talk about putting yourself on the map.''

Blais said he isn't surprised to see schools like Maine regularly schedule these
types of games, considering the economic landscape in college sports.

''It's a win-win situation,'' said Blais. ''These smaller schools like Maine are
strapped financially. You have to become more creative and this is an easier way
for them to be able to generate some revenue.''

An added benefit, beyond the exposure it gives a school for recruiting purposes,
is the experience it gives the student-athletes.

Many Maine players will never again have the chance to play in stadiums filled
with 60,000 to 80,000 fans.

''You have to treat it like any other game,'' said Maine quarterback/receiver
Michael Brusko. ''Inevitably it is a bigger deal. But as far as going about our
business, everything is the same.''


Staff Writer Jenn Menendez can be contacted at 791-6426 or at:

jmenendez@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2007 Press Herald file
Adam Farkes and his University of Maine football teammates will open today at
Iowa in a game that means a lot to the school's athletic budget.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 19, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Topic: SPORTS & MINORITIES;
Minority hiring often gets only lip service

BYLINE: Greg Boeck; Rachel Shuster

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 709 words


Rudy Washington, 39, is basketball coach at Drake University and the executive
director of the 2,000-member Black Coaches Association, which addresses issues
about minorities in sports. He was an assistant coach for 13 years at major
colleges and in the pros before becoming one of 37 Division I black head coaches
in 1990. He was interviewed by USA TODAY's Greg Boeck.

Major colleges don't hire minorities for top positions in their athletic pro-
grams, according to a USA TODAY survey. This package details survey results and
reactions.

Q: What's your reaction to the USA TODAY survey that found only 12.5% of key
athletic department positions were held by minorities?

A: The number is deplorable, but it is an improvement. Yet, while it seems to be
going up over the last three or four years, it also seems to be stabilizing in a
certain sense.

Q: How so?

A: The commitment rises with society's conscious. When people think there is a
need to increase minority hiring, there seems to be a surge. It is also staying
even because people are getting fired. They are hiring more minorities, but they
are firing just as many as they're hiring. I remember one year when we had six
black coaches who were hired, but six were fired, so we gained no ground.

Q: Why aren't more minorities being hired?

A: The question should be posed to those people at the NCAA and those in the
position to hire. If I were speculating, I'd say that there is a matter of
comfort and economics. I think those two things have a lot to do with the hiring
practices of the colleges.

Q: Why have athletic director and assistant athletic director jobs been so
elusive?

A: The people who give the money have got to be comfortable with whom they give
their money to. Often in big-time programs, boosters control the dollars. Those
people want to feel comfortable with what is going on in the athletic
department. Most of the people with the big money are not black.

Q: Most jobs held by minorities - 61% - are as assistant coaches. Why?

A: Blacks dominate basketball and play a significant part in football. That's
the reason the percentage is so high with assistant coaches. You need blacks. At
least, the feeling is you need blacks to recruit blacks. That's a lot of jobs,
but I'd like to see more go toward head coaching jobs, managerial positions. But
I think for the most part America looks at blacks as laborers.

Q: How can things be improved?

A: The more America is cognizant that there is a hiring problem with minorities,
the more America seems to remedy the problem. I think we constantly have to keep
it out there. I also think that blacks have to want to be in those positions, to
get involved with associations like ourselves. We do a lot more than try to find
people jobs. We try to teach them to keep the job, which is far more important
than getting a job.

Q: Your organization has a resume service, Vita Bank. Are administrators using
it to find minority candidates?

A: We would like the colleges to utilize the Vita Bank more. The old excuse is,
''We'd love to hire a black but we can't find one.'' The trend in the past has
been this: They come out in the newspaper and say, ''We want to hire a black.''
Then they turn to high-profile people, like John Thompson of Georgetown. Those
people turn them down, and they say, ''We really tried to hire a black and now
that we couldn't, we'll take the next best man for the job,'' a white coach.
It's a charade, lip service. In football, they haven't even made that step. They
don't even pretend to want to hire blacks.

Q: Is there an old-boy network in college athletics?

A: Of course, there's an old-boy network, and anybody who thinks there's not
just has his eyes closed to reality. You keep seeing people who got fired
resurface. This is not to say these are bad people, but someone must pull them
in. It's something we have complained about for years, and yet we're not in a
position to change anything.

Q: How do you crack the system?

A: I don't think you can ever crack it. I simply think you can educate those
people who are doing the hiring that blacks are just as good as anybody else and
they should be given an equitable chance to get the job.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w

CUTLINE: Rudy Washington

TYPE: Inquiry

Accompanying stories; College 'old-boy network' hard to crack; Job of athletic
director goes to just a few; Two who made climb to the top; Colorado shows
commitment to minorities; High-profile Notre Dame ranks near bottom; How
colleges compare in minority hiring

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              739 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            October 5, 2006 Thursday

In 'black box' bond deals, banks profit at expense of the poor;
MARKETPLACE by Bloomberg

BYLINE: David Dietz, William Selway and Martin Z. Braun

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 941 words

DATELINE: PENSACOLA, Florida


Pastor Willie Williams frowns as he approaches a 10-foot-high concrete wall that
is topped by spirals of barbed wire. On a steamy August morning in Pensacola,
Florida, he is entering the Oakwood Terrace apartments for low-income residents.
Williams shakes his head as he passes an unmanned security station.

''It looks like a concentration camp,'' he says.

The 300-apartment complex was on a list of developments that were eligible to
benefit from $220 million in bonds issued by a public agency in 1999 to promote
affordable housing in Florida. None of the money went to Oakwood Terrace. Not a
penny of the $220 million bond issue which was underwritten by J.P. Morgan Chase
and insured by a unit of American International Group, the world's largest
insurance company was ever spent on low-income residences.

During the past decade, local governments across the United States have issued
more than 70 of these phantom bonds at least $7 billion worth of them. That is
enough money to pay the salaries of 150,000 teachers in the United States for
one year, based on an average pay of $46,597. Proceeds from the tax-exempt bond
sales are supposed to be used to improve homes for the poor or upgrade health
care for the elderly or supply computers to inner-city schools.

Taxpayers never get most of those benefits; the winners are the banks, insurance
companies and financial advisers that get paid millions of dollars for crafting
these transactions and then profit by using bond proceeds for their own
investment gains.

The arrangements often called black box deals, because they are complicated and
mysterious sometimes contain secret agreements that promise to pay the financial
middlemen higher fees if none of the money from the bond offerings is used to
help the public. The agencies that issue the bonds buy them back from investors.
The money goes untapped, and the advisers keep their fees.

''You have people who are deliberately trying to find a way around the law, and
that's not good for anyone,'' said Charles Anderson, field operations manager
for tax-exempt bonds at the U.S. Internal Revenue Service, which is
investigating such bond deals. ''Clearly these schemes are designed so no money
would be used and the maximum money possible could be made by the banks. It's
not an accident.''

Most of the black box deals consist of so-called blind pools, meaning the money
is put in an account that is supposed to be used to finance a basket of
projects. Local authorities give their advisers the power to decide how the
money in the pool is dispersed or whether it is to be dispersed at all.

In the Florida deal, a little-known government body called the Capital Trust
Agency turned the work over to its advisers: Anchor National Life Insurance, a
subsidiary of AIG; CDR Financial Products, a financial advisory firm in Beverly
Hills, California; and the underwriter J.P. Morgan.

These companies and other middlemen extracted $12 million in fees from the bond
issue; the rest of the money went unused.

The AIG unit and CDR had an agreement that the agency said it did not know
about. The agreement allowed CDR to increase its fees as long as the money was
not spent for its intended purpose, according to a Nov. 18, 1999, letter from
CDR's president, David Rubin, to AIG's Anchor National vice president, J.
Franklin Grey.

The less money that was used to acquire and renovate apartments, the more money
CDR stood to make, and the less risk AIG's affiliate faced as an insurer since
all of the money stayed in a safe account.

''Black box deals, pooled deals, blind pools people call them lots of things,''
said Sherman Golden, an Atlanta-based bond lawyer, who said that he experienced
one of these deals firsthand when he was a municipal official. He said that he
has seen too many deals that benefited banks and other promoters at the expense
of taxpayers.

A spokeswoman for J.P. Morgan declined to comment. An AIG spokesman said AIG no
longer participated in such transactions. CDR's president, Rubin, said that his
firm had helped people acquire affordable housing.

Black box bond deals also rob the U.S. Treasury of about $100 million a year in
revenue, Anderson said.

The IRS has found that at least 70 of these deals, including the one in Florida,
violated U.S. tax laws.

The agency has demanded more than $200 million in back taxes and penalties from
banks, insurance companies and issuers since 2000. In the Florida case, AIG
reached an undisclosed settlement with the IRS, and Capital Trust paid $920,000,
agency records show

The damage caused by black box bonds goes beyond the cheating of taxpayers, said
Harvey Goldschmid, a professor of Law at Columbia University in New York and a
commissioner of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from 2002 to 2005.
Such abuses give the entire municipal bond market a black eye.

''Fundamentally, what they're doing is harming the integrity of the market and
the sense of fairness in the market,'' Goldschmid said.

Bond lawyers and advisers who have collected fees from pooled deals blame the
IRS for stopping programs that could have helped the public.

Public officials in Florida, Georgia and three states in the Midwest say they
were deceived by bankers or lawyers and now are left where they started, minus
payments to the IRS.

In Pensacola, Pastor Williams looks over his shoulder at the Danger sign on the
barbed-wired wall ringing the housing project. ''You hope that something would
change, that something would actually come true,'' he says. ''But it doesn't,
and it leaves you with nothing but anger. Now we're right back in a cesspool.''

*

William Selway and Martin Z. Braun reported from Atlanta.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    November 5, 2000 Sunday Marshall Edition

Breaking News Briefs

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 733 words


SOUTH BEND

Two teens robbed at gunpoint Saturday

Two teen-agers were robbed at gunpoint about 12:15 a.m. Saturday while walking
in the 1700 block of East Jackson Road, according to police.

The two teens, one 18 and the other 16, said they were walking down the street
when a car with four men drove up to ask directions. The auto drove off, but
turned around and returned, the teens said.

Three of the occupants got out and one of them pulled a handgun and demanded
money, the victims said. One of the teens gave the suspects $50 in cash and a
$150 gold necklace, while the other surrendered his $85 jacket, investigators
said.

The suspects then drove off. They were described as being in their 20s.



Speedway Gas Station robbed early Saturday

The Speedway Gas Station at 2150 South Bend Avenue was robbed of an undetermined
amount of cash shortly after 3 a.m. Saturday, according to police.

A clerk told police a man entered the station, pulled a handgun and demanded
money. After getting cash from the register, he fled on foot to the south, the
clerk added.

The suspect was described as a black male in his 30s, about 5-foot-8, 170 pounds
with a goatee. He was wearing a black leather jacket, black baseball cap and
sunglasses, the clerk said.



MISHAWAKA

19-year-old resident robbed in his home

A 19-year-old resident of the 100 block of South Pine Street was assaulted and
robbed at gunpoint in his home shortly after 8 p.m. Friday, according to police.

The victim said he was watching television at home when three men came to the
front door. They forced their way in and one pulled a handgun, he told police.

The gunman hit him on the head with the weapon and all three began kicking him
when he fell to the floor, the victim said. The suspects demanded money and
drugs, he said.

The suspects fled after getting an undetermined amount of money that had been
hidden under a couch, the victim said.

The victim declined hospital treatment, police said.

Gunman takes $6 from two teens Friday

Two teen-agers told police they were robbed of $6 by a gunman about 7:30 p.m.
Friday on the northwest side.

The teens, one 15 and the other 14, said they were walking in a parking lot near
Hoops Etc. at Hickory and West Edison roads when a man got out of a parked car,
pulled a handgun and demanded money.

After he was given $6 by the two teens, the man got back in the car and drove
off, the victims said. The gunman was described as a black male, about 5-foot-9
and 220 pounds with a scruffy beard and wearing a black baseball cap.



FORT WAYNE

American Eagle jet makes forced landing

An American Eagle jet carrying 45 people was forced to make an emergency landing
Friday after taking off from the Fort Wayne International Airport.

The regional jet landed smoothly about 4:20 p.m., after the pilot noticed fuel
leaking from a fuel cap over one of the plane's wings.

The jet, bound for the Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport, was forced to
circle northeastern Indiana and northwestern Ohio for more than an hour to burn
off about 8,800 pounds of fuel before landing.

The plane was scheduled to take off at 1:30 p.m., but didn't get off the ground
until 3 p.m. The captain reported the problem shortly after takeoff. No injuries
were reported.



WHITE PIGEON

Elkhart resident dies in Michigan crash

An Indiana man was killed when the car he was driving crashed in St. Joseph
County, Michigan State Police said.

Thomas Allen Marker, 44, of Elkhart, died in the accident about 10:39 a.m.
Saturday in White Pigeon, police said. He was not wearing a seat belt.



VALPARAISO

House explodes; two other houses damaged

A house in the 400 block of Grove Avenue exploded about 7 p.m. Friday, also
causing serious damage to two neighboring homes.

Occupants were not home at the time of the explosion. And police said no
injuries were reported.

Due to a strong odor of natural gas, the entire block -- about 20 homes -- was
evacuated.

And Northern Indiana Public Service Co. workers were called to the scene. The
gas was shut off, police said, in an attempt to prevent further incidents.

About 50 firefighters worked to extinguish the blaze, which leveled the
one-story brick home.

According to police, most of the homeowners and residents were able to return to
their homes shortly after 11:30 p.m.


LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2000 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              741 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                February 04, 2002, Monday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Armed men invade home

SECTION: TAMPA & STATE; BRIEFLY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 163 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



Two men kicked in the door of a home where three children were staying Sunday,
pointed guns at them and demanded money, police said.

The children's mother, April Allen, left the children, ages 5, 9 and 12, alone
for about 15 minutes, said police. That's when the home invasion happened.

Shortly before 9:30 p.m., two men barged through the locked front door of 422 E
Richmere St. and forced the children to disarm the home's alarm system.

The children then were forced into a bedroom while the men searched the house.
Asked "where is the money" by one man, the children said they knew of no money
in the house.

The two men left, police said, after asking the children if they were all right.

Nothing was stolen, and the children were unhurt.

The men were described as black, 6 feet tall and wearing long-sleeved black
shirts, black pants, and black shirts wrapped around their faces. They wore blue
gloves and were armed with black revolvers. police said.


LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA & STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2002 Times Publishing Company


                              742 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 27, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Louisiana Still Trying to Mix Races at Its Colleges

BYLINE: By FRANCES FRANK MARCUS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 926 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 26


Nineteen years after the Federal Government began efforts to eliminate racial
barriers at Louisiana's public colleges and universities, those in higher
education here are debating how to desegregate.

At stake is the course for the state's university system, which retains vestiges
of official segregation. Educators here say the results could have implications
for Southern states with similar systems and for the nation.

The debate concerns just how far Louisiana should go to get more blacks to enter
predominantly white colleges and to get more whites to attend historically black
schools.

Louisiana's oil-driven economy is in a recession and many legislators are
reluctant to spend the additional money needed to make cash-poor black
universities more attractive to whites.

Merging Campuses Suggested

Some educators have suggested merging the black and white institutions. But a
vocal group of black educators and community leaders have criticized such talk.
They say black schools are needed to nurture black students who have been failed
by a white-dominated society and inadequate elementary and high school
education.

In 1969 the Federal Government asked the state to desegregate its public
colleges, and the Justice Department filed suit in 1974. Last August, a panel of
three Federal judges here decided that the state had failed to fulfill an
agreement it made in 1981 with the Justice Department. The judges noted that
some universities were more segegated now than they were before the agreement.

Four traditionally black universities are 87 percent to 97 percent black, while
traditionally white schools are 74 percent to 96 percent white. About 150,000
students are in the system.

Where the Money Goes

The state has spent almost $100 million in the 1980's to improve academic
programs and $35.8 million more on new buildings and renovations at the four
predominantly black universities, Grambling State University and the three
campuses of the Southern University system.

The improvements were designed to make the courses and campuses of the black
schools more attractive to white students. But the state ran out of money before
fulfilling its commitments on raising the number of white students attending the
black schools.

The judges ordered Louisians to come up with a remedy, but no consensus has been
reached on doing so. A hearing on the issue is scheduled in Federal District
Court here in March. In the meantime, Paul Verkuil, president of the College of
William and Mary and a former dean of Tulane Law School, has been appointed a
special master in charge of finding a solution.

Nurturing Role Rejected

The thorniest part of the debate is the question of merging predominantly black
universities with nearby predominantly white universities. In August, the three
judges were among the latest to suggest such a step.

Those who oppose mergers say the black schools would really lose their identity
in the process; the opponents talk about the need to continue the nurturing role
of black universities. Others here see the dispute as a turf war, with black
educators trying to protect their jobs and influence.

One educator who rejects the nurturing-role argument is Raphael Cassimere Jr., a
professor of history at the University of New Orleans, a mostly white school
less than a mile from the mostly black Southern University campus at New
Orleans. ''As a black, I resent the idea that you have to nurture adults,'' he
said. ''You nurture kindergartners, grade-school children. Blacks ought to be
pushing for the highest standards.''

'Political Anachronism'

Dr. Cassimere and others who favor mergers signed a statement that said,
''Louisiana's racially dual system of higher education is an economic disaster,
a political anachronism, a social millstone and a pedagogical abomination.'' The
statement was issued by the biracial Committee for Equity and Excellence in
Louisiana Universities, an organization of educators and civic and business
leaders.

Norbert Simmons, a black New Orleans lawyer who is on a special commission
appointed by Gov. Buddy Roemer to come up with a plan to meet the judge's order,
is among those who oppose merging. ''Where black schools disappear, a lot more
than the school disappears,'' he said. The commission thus far has suggested
placing the state's public higher education system under a single board that
would replace the four boards now in control.

Scarcity of Blacks Cited

Mr. Simmons said Louisiana State University, Baton Rouge, has such a scarcity of
blacks in positions of authority that if it was merged with nearby Southern
University, many black students would find the environment ''devastating.''

Robert Gex, the acting chancellor of Southern University at New Orleans, also is
a strong supporter of the separate schools. ''There is something about training
in a black institution that produces leadership qualities that blacks do not get
in white institutions even if they do graduate,'' he said.

The black system dates to discriminatory laws passed by Louisiana's
post-Reconstruction Legislature in 1891. But Southern University at New Orleans
opened only in 1959 as an affiliate of Southern University in Baton Rouge, five
years after the Supreme Court ruling that called for desegregation of elementary
and secondary schools.

The dispute is raising ''all the anxieties and concerns that go back into the
60's,'' says Sally Clausen, State Commissioner of Higher Education. ''I can
understand very clearly why there's distrust.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              743 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Indian Banking News

                      July 20, 2016 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Oneunited Bank Hosts #BankBlack Miami to Empower South Floridians to Move Their
Money in Response National Outcry

LENGTH: 367  words


July 20 -- OneUnited Bank, the largest Black owned bank in America and the first
Black internet bank, is launching the national #BankBlack Challenge, designed to
harness the economic power of the Black community focused on one clear financial
message that #BlackMoneyMatters. On Saturday July 30th 2016, OneUnited Bank will
partner with The Miami Dade Chamber of Commerce, The Young Professionals
Network, Black Professionals Summit, HOT 105 Radio and other community
organizations, to host a first-time account opening event at the OneUnited
Bank's Liberty City branch (3275 N.W. 79th Street, Miami, Fl. 33147). The event
is OPEN TO THE PUBLIC!

In recent weeks America's Black community has galvanized via social media, Black
media and word of mouth, answering the call for a show of economic force by
moving their money from traditional banks to Black owned banks, like OneUnited
Bank. The #BankBlack movement intensified when Rapper Killer Mike implored the
Black community to deploy "a portion" of its financial resources to make a
tangible difference during a town hall meeting on BET and MTV. Other celebrities
such as Solange, Jessie Williams, Alicia Keys, Beyonce, Queen Latifah, and more
have joined the conversation urging Black Americans to move their money to Black
owned banks. Since then, OneUnited has seen a sharp influx in web traffic and
new accounts, with over $3 million deposited since this call to action.

With over 1,000 people expected to attend, the #BankBlack Miami event is planned
as a positive and exciting opportunity for Miami's urban community to
participate in the nationwide push to #BankBlack. The event will feature food
trucks, free giveaways, spoken word by Darius Daughtrey a personal
meet-and-greet with the owner of OneUnited Bank, Teri Williams, and engaging
fellowship around the #blackmoneymatters movement.

"If 1 million people opened a $100 savings account in a Black owned bank, we
would move $100 million! That's real economic power", states Teri Williams,
President & COO of OneUnited Bank. "It is critical for the Black community to
utilize our $1.2 trillion in annual spending power to create jobs and build
wealth in our community."

Source: OneUnited Bank

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 16, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton Would End Amtrak Subsidies, Senators Complain

BYLINE: By DAVID STOUT

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 854 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Jan. 15


The Clinton Administration has tentatively decided to cut off all operating
subsidies for Amtrak in the next Federal budget, a move that would threaten the
future of the passenger-railroad network, six Senators said today.

In an angry letter, the Senators, all from the Northeast, accused President
Clinton of backtracking on his pledges of support for the system. Amtrak is
getting $344 million in operating subsidies in the current fiscal year and had
sought $376 million in the one that begins on Oct. 1.

The Senators said the Administration's proposal, if enacted, would leave the
struggling railroad network "woefully short of money and unable to continue
operating as planned" and would undermine efforts "to keep Amtrak from going
bankrupt."

Congress and the White House have already set a goal of having Amtrak run
without operating subsidies by 2002.

But an Amtrak spokesman, R. Clifford Black 4th, said today that eliminating
those subsidies now would lead to layoffs and service cuts.

The White House Office of Management and Budget declined today to comment on the
contents of the proposed budget for the fiscal year beginning on Oct. 1. But an
aide to Senator Frank R. Lautenberg, the New Jersey Democrat who wrote the
letter, said the Senator was confident that he had reliable information.

It is far from clear how Amtrak will be treated in the next budget. The formal
budget proposal for the upcoming fiscal year will not be released for another
few weeks, and it is routine for Administrations and lawmakers to float trial
balloons. The budget that is adopted is often markedly different from the one
first proposed.

"We'll get what Congress appropriates," Mr. Black said. "The Administration
proposes, and the Congress disposes."

Nevertheless, Amtrak officials consider the budget issue so serious that the
system's nine-member board will meet in Washington on Friday to discuss it, Mr.
Black said.

Besides Mr. Lautenberg, the Senators signing the letter to the President were
Daniel Patrick Moynihan of New York, Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware and John
Kerry of Massachusetts, all Democrats, and William V. Roth Jr. of Delaware and
John H. Chafee of Rhode Island, both Republicans.

The Senators come from a region where Amtrak is popular, and they are members of
committees that could influence how much money Amtrak eventually gets, Mr. Black
said.

An aide to Mr. Lautenberg said the Senator had heard that one idea being
discussed in the Administration is the use of up to $300 million of the $2.3
billion that Congress authorized for Amtrak last fall for a two-year program of
capital improvements, like new cars.

Mr. Lautenberg conveyed his dismay today to Franklin D. Raines, the director of
the Office of Management and Budget, and Erskine B. Bowles, the President's
chief of staff, the Senator's aide said.

Some observers who have followed Amtrak's troubles have said that using
capital-improvements money to pay for current operating expenses would be like a
homeowner taking money set aside for the mortgage and using it to buy food and
gasoline.

The $344 million in the current budget for Amtrak's operating subsidies is
somewhat misleading, Mr. Black said, since $142 million of that must go to pay
pension benefits to retired railroad workers. Similarly, much of the $376
million Amtrak has sought for the next fiscal year would go to pension benefits.

Congress and the White House have set a goal that Amtrak be self-sufficient in
operating funds (as distinct from capital improvements) by 2002, and the
system's operating subsidies have decreased steadily from a high of more than
$700 million a year two decades ago. Amtrak lost about $83 million in the fiscal
year that ended Sept. 30.

Amtrak's high-speed Metroliner service between Washington and New York City is
"marginally profitable," Mr. Black said. Its Northeast Corridor service, which
with its ancillary lines covers a region from Richmond to Boston and New York
City to Buffalo, is very popular, although not profitable, he said.

Amtrak has been burdened by financial, political and labor troubles in recent
months.

Last October, the workers who maintain tracks, bridges and electrical systems
threatened to strike after contract talks that had dragged on for three years.
In the end, the workers agreed to raises of 3 percent to 3.5 percent over five
years.

In November, the Republican-controlled Congress agreed to the $2.3 billion in
capital-improvements aid only after extracting a promise that the nine Amtrak
board members, all appointed by President Clinton, be replaced by the President
by March 31, after consultation with Congress.

And on Dec. 10, reportedly under pressure, Thomas M. Downs resigned as chairman,
president and chief executive of Amtrak, saying that he was exhausted.

Amtrak officials have said the system could manage without operating subsidies
if it could permanently keep a half-cent of the Federal gasoline tax for its
capital budget.

A 1995 Senate bill that would have dedicated that portion of the gasoline tax to
Amtrak was never enacted.





LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              745 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             October 1, 2010 Friday

Armed robberies unrelated, police say

BYLINE: Bill Vidonic

LENGTH: 312 words


Police said two armed robberies Thursday -- one in Mt. Lebanon and one Downtown
more than three hours later -- were unrelated.

In the first robbery, a knife-wielding man demanded money from a woman just
after she withdrew cash from a Mt. Lebanon ATM, authorities said.

Police said the 64-year-old woman was returning to her car outside the PNC Bank
in the Virginia Manors Shops on Cochran Road about 9:50 a.m. when the man,
holding a knife, demanded money. She gave him the money and he ran; police
didn't say how much money the man stole. The woman was not injured.

The robber was described as a light-skinned black man or dark-skinned white man,
about 5 feet 7 inches tall with a thin build, wearing a light-colored sweatshirt
with the hood up and dark-colored pants.

At 1:25 p.m., a gunman robbed a parking lot attendant at 15th and Smallman
streets in the Strip District, city police said.

The attendant said the black man, between 5 feet 8 inches and 5 feet 10 inches
tall, weighing 150 to 175 pounds, and wearing a dark-hooded sweatshirt and black
mask, brandished a silver handgun. The robber took an undisclosed amount of cash
from the attendant and ran toward Smallman Street.

A witness said two men running from the area of the robbery climbed into a car
and drove toward the 10th Street Bypass, police said.

Police spotted that car and followed it through the Fort Pitt Tunnels before
stopping it on the Parkway West at the Green Tree Road exit.

Police said the two men inside the car weren't involved in the armed robbery but
face drug possession charges after police found marijuana in the car. Police
identified the men as Robert Emery Fuqua of Pittsburgh and Richard Dean Johnson
of Michigan, both 27.

Anyone with information on the parking lot robbery is asked to call police at
412-255-2610; tipsters for the Mt. Lebanon robbery are asked to call
412-531-5300.

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                 March 28, 2007

Black received 'non-compete' payout, court told

LENGTH: 527 words



HIGHLIGHT: Conrad Black and his colleagues got six-figure payments for promising
not to open a newspaper in a remote county, a court heard. By Andrew Clark.


Conrad Black and his colleagues received six-figure "non-compete" payments for
promising not to open a newspaper in a remote county of North Dakota with just
20,000 residents, the fallen media magnate's racketeering trial heard yesterday.

When it was offloading scores of local papers in 2000, Lord Black's Hollinger
empire sold a publication for $14m in Jamestown - a tiny town in North Dakota
best known for having the world's largest statue of a buffalo.

The paper, the Jamestown Sun, was bought by a local company, Forum
Communications. The chief executive of Forum, Lloyd Case, told the trial that
Hollinger inserted into the terms of the agreement a $400,000 "non-compete" sum
and pledged not to compete for three years in Jamestown's Stutsman County or its
surrounds.

Mr Case said he saw no particular need for the non-compete clause: "I just did
not think it was an issue. I didn't think it was possible that Hollinger would
come into Jamestown, North Dakota, and start another newspaper."

The US government's case against Lord Black and his co-defendants is that they
looted non-compete payments from this and many similar deals, enriching
themselves to the tune of $60m at the expense of Hollinger's shareholders. In
the dock alongside Lord Black are three fellow former Hollinger executives -
Jack Boultbee, Peter Atkinson and Mark Kipnis.

Mr Case added that even if Lord Black had sought to re-establish himself in
Jamestown, it would have been extremely difficult: "It's very difficult to come
into small communities in areas like this to start newspapers. You would need a
lot of money and it still wouldn't be a very wise investment. They probably
wouldn't make much money because there's not much population around."

A string of businessmen who bought papers from Hollinger have been giving
evidence to the trial. David Paxton, president of Paxton Media Group, told the
jury his company paid Hollinger $59m the same year for a string of smalltown
papers in states such as Illinois and Michigan.

The deal included a $2m non-compete payment that was split between Hollinger
International and Lord Black's holding company, Hollinger Inc, which owned his
voting shares in the media empire.

Mr Paxton said he wanted such an agreement from Hollinger International - but
not from Hollinger Inc or from Lord Black: "We did not feel we need a
non-compete agreement from Conrad Black."

He told the jury that since the agreements did not add to the deal price, but
were taken out of the portion that Hollinger International was to receive, he
did not care one way or the other whether they were included.

Lord Black, 62, faces 17 charges of racketeering, fraud, tax evasion, money
laundering and obstruction of justice. If convicted, he could spend the rest of
his life in prison.

The peer watched proceedings, often leaning back in his chair thoughtfully.

Judge Amy St Eve has adjourned the case until Monday.

To contact the MediaGuardian newsdesk email editor@mediaguardian.co.uk or phone
020 7239 9857. For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard
on 020 7278 2332.

If you are writing a comment for publication, please mark clearly "for
publication".

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright  2007 Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              747 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 26, 2010 Sunday

'CARE'LESS CHARITY; POL FOUNDER DIDN'T KEEP TABS ON 30G

BYLINE: ISABEL VINCENT and MELISSA KLEIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 470 words


State Sen. Eric Adams funneled $30,000 in taxpayer money to a nonprofit he
founded, 100 Blacks Who Care, but doesn't know how, or if, the money was spent.

The Brooklyn group, which got $15,000 in 2008, didn't record the money, as
required on its federal tax returns, or document any expenses.

"Once the money is turned over to an organization, we, as elected officials,
can't get involved in how they use it. I don't know how it's used," Adams told
The Post last week.

The Brooklyn Democrat said he couldn't remember, without checking his records,
why he gave the organization the "member item" grants in the first place.

Noel Leader, the group's treasurer, who, like Adams, is a former cop and
co-founder of 100 Blacks, told The Post that the organization hadn't received
any funding in years and that he did not recall receiving the state funds.

He later said a $5,000 allocation from the state Education Department was
probably used for supplies.

"I vaguely remember the $5,000 being used for the workshops, to buy equipment we
utilize during the workshops. We have a lot of props, sound equipment, things of
that nature," he said.

Adams, Leader and Vernon Wells founded 100 Blacks in the mid-1990s as a
nonprofit to give grants of $1,000 a month "to a worthy cause in the
African-American community."

They also started 100 Blacks in Law Enforcement Who Care, a for-profit advocacy
group.

Adams approved a $20,000 member item for 100 Blacks in 2007, money that was to
go toward equipment, including a slide projector, a laptop case, microphones and
computer software, and $600 for staff members who conducted forums, according to
state documents.

The state sent only $5,000 to the group, which never submitted an expense report
to get the rest of the cash, according to an Education Department spokeswoman.

Adams secured the $10,000 member item the next year.

But, he said, he resigned from the organization before he took office and had
nothing to do with its spending.

Several state lawmakers have gotten in trouble for running nonprofits, including
state Sen. Pedro Espada, who was charged this month with embezzling money from
his Bronx health-care centers, and State Sen. Vincent Leibell of Putnam County,
who pleaded guilty in a kickback scheme involving a nonprofit he created.

Earlier this year, the US attorney opened an investigation into state Sen.
Malcolm Smith and Rep. Gregory Meeks after The Post revealed the questionable
spending practices of the nonprofit they helped to form, the New Direction Local
Development Corp.

State Assemblywoman Sandra Galef, a Westchester Democrat, said she has drafted
legislation that would prohibit lawmakers from giving member-item cash to
nonprofits over which they have control.

"That's not what state dollars are to be used for," she said.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OUTSPOKEN: State Sen. Eric Adams (center) in 1999, when he was an NYPD
officer and a leader of the group 100 Blacks in Law Enforcement Who Care. (Jim
Alcorn)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   September 20, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

In Returning Scholarship, Student Reaps His Own Reward

Jeff Leeds, Special to The Washington Post

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 691 words

DATELINE: CHARLOTTESVILLE


With tuition rising and financial aid drying up, some people might take Terry C.
Gray for a fool.

Gray, 21, a fourth-year student at the University of Virginia, has just given
back $ 10,000 to the university -- money he won as a scholarship and money he
could apply to graduate school or law studies.

The point, says Gray, is that he doesn't need the money, which is earmarked for
an African American. The government major from Gary, Ind., says somebody else
could benefit more.

"When I was growing up, my dad always said to me, 'You can't just take, take,
take, take. You've got to give something back,' " said Gray, who will graduate
from U-Va. this spring.

The four-year scholarship, called the Jerome Holland Award, is given annually to
four or five black first-year students at the university, and for three years
Gray was one of its beneficiaries. Then last spring, Gray was awarded another
scholarship that provided tuition, room and board and fees for his fourth year.
Under the terms of the Holland Award, he could apply that year's scholarship
money to postgraduate study. But Gray decided against that.

When Gray told his father he was thinking about giving up the Holland Award,
"Dad had a lot of hesitation.

"I told him the primary reason I am here is because of this scholarship," Gray
said. "I wanted to give something back."

Now that Gray has returned his scholarship, U-Va. admissions officials will be
able to award it to one more African American student next year.

The university has set as one of its priorities attracting black students, who
compose 11.2 percent of today's 11,500 undergraduates. About 70 percent of black
students receive some kind of financial aid.

The Holland Award is based on academic achievement rather than financial need.
Competition for the scholarship is open to in-state and out-of-state students.
Only out-of-staters have won the scholarship since it was established in 1987.

Michael Mallory, the assistant admissions dean who recruited Gray out of high
school, beams as if Gray were his own son.

"He's not looking out for himself," Mallory said. "He hasn't changed a bit."

In many ways, he hasn't, according to those who know him well. He is still
driven by the spirit of social activism that helped win him the Holland Award.
He has remained an excellent student. And he remembers where he came from.

His four older brothers and sisters have all left Indiana for the likes of
Florida or Hawaii, but Gray has other ideas.

"The city where I come from is the murder capital of America," he said recently
in an interview. "The economic base is very weak. I know my role in life is to
be a social activist, and I plan to go back to Gary."

Now that his final year at U-Va. has begun, Gray recalls that his college career
got off to a rocky start.

"I had a really hard time my first year or so. I was unhappy because the racial
situation here was very rigid and very segregated," Gray said. "I had a lot of
problems."

To overcome them, Gray founded U-SUPRA, University Student United to Promote
Racial Awareness, a discussion group. He had planned to transfer to a different
college after his first year, but "Dad told me, basically, to stay and fight."

Gray is now the president of U-Va.'s student government and the first Holland
Award winner to hold the post.

He said he is confident that he will be able to find other ways to pay for
graduate school or law school without the $ 10,000 award.

"It might sound kind of weird, but I feel like, if I'm going to have to go into
debt, I might as well go all the way," he said. "I believe I'll be able to pay
back my loans."

And, in some ways, giving up $ 10,000 has its own rewards, he said. Gray, who
helps welcome new Holland scholars each year, will meet the beneficiary of his
generosity this spring.

"I almost feel like I don't want him or her to know what I did," Gray said. "On
one hand, I guess it is unusual. But I don't like being put up on some kind of
pedestal. At the same time, people need to be knowledgeable about the importance
of school and about putting other people above your own self-interest."



LOAD-DATE: September 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, TERRY C. GRAY

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              749 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Times of India (TOI)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday

CM pledges support to Ramdev

BYLINE: Sandeep Mishra

SECTION: BHUBANESWAR

LENGTH: 537 words


BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Wednesday expressed his support to
yoga guru Baba Ramdev's campaign against black money and corruption,
strengthening the latter's efforts ahead of his proposed mass agitation on
August 9 for a strong Lokpal.

"We are with you in Gandhian style," the BJD chief told Ramdev here, a day after
Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Yadav threw his weight behind the yoga guru.
Naveen also took a swipe at the Congress-led Union government, saying, "The
Centre is sinking in the sea of corruption."

Praising Naveen for initiating anti-graft measures like special courts to try
persons accused of corruption, Ramdev identified illegal mining as a source of
black money and said he would back the Odisha government's demand to introduce a
Mineral Resource Rent Tax on iron ore at the rate of 50 per cent on account of
the 'super normal profits' being made by miners. tnn

"Since months we have been pressing the central government for a new tax to
prevent super normal profits being made by certain mining companies," Naveen
said, prompting Ramdev to reply: "We will support an agitation for it (MRRT)."
Ramdev also lauded the Odisha government's move to enact a law to provide
time-bound delivery of important public services to the people. Naveen said the
cabinet would deliberate over the proposed legislation on June 16.

Stating that the aim was to make the India the world leader in terms of
'prosperity, purity and spirituality', Ramdev said he met Naveen as part of his
nationwide campaign against black money and corruption. "We have put forth seven
result-oriented and effective steps the Centre needs to adopt to tackle black
money and corruption, but it was not acting on those," Ramdev added, without
elaborating on the steps.

Describing black money as a "very big issue", Ramdev said the Centre was
"apathetic" and afraid to take bold steps like a strong Lokpal to fight graft.
"We want to build pressure on the government through political parties, the
public and also petition the Prime Minister by involving gram sabhas," he added.

Ramdev, who has estimated the quantum of black money lying abroad at Rs four
lakh crore, noted that black money belonging to Indians was not only stashed
overseas but was also hoarded within the country and was finding its way into
India through foreign direct investment (FDI). "The country would gain 'economic
independence' if black money to the tune of Rs four lakh crore stashed away
abroad was retrieved and brought back," he said, accusing politicians and
bureaucrats of turning capitalists by earning black money. On why he was meeting
politicians who face allegations of corruption, Ramdev averred: "It's the
politicians who formulate policies for the country; it is they who could ensure
a solution."

"If we do away with dirty money and black economy, India's gross domestic
product would grow by seven to ten times and our economy would compare with
those of the USA and China," he maintained, adding, "India would not suffer from
inflation and not face budgetary deficits if we get back black money. A lot of
developmental activities and welfare and poverty alleviation programmes could
also be launched."

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 1, 1994, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Relics bring black history home

BYLINE: Tamara Henry

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 893 words


A visit to the home of Currie Ballard in Langston, Okla., is more like a journey
along America's road from slavery to racial equality and modern black history.

The rambling stone-and-cedar home on Langston Lake, two miles south of the
historically black university by the same name, is chock-full of such black
memorabilia as maps of Africa from the 1600s, hand-forged slave shackles with
the original keys, 140-year-old letters from runaway slaves, Amos 'n' Andy sheet
music and collections of autographs of famous blacks. About 6,000 artifacts in
all - "a cornucopia of history," Ballard says.

"When a person steps into my house" the reaction is: "This is like a museum" or
"This guy is out here on a limb," chuckles Ballard, who now serves as curator of
Black Heritage Exhibits at the Oklahoma Historical Society.

There are more than 50,000 collectors of black memorabilia in the United States,
many of whom started it as a hobby but now view their finds as money-making
ventures.

Ballard, however, hasn't made much money, and, at one time, "was spending just
copious amounts of my income on this.

"I was just flat hooked," says Ballard, 35, who uses a network of dealers
throughout the country and a London dealer that supplies his ancient maps of
Africa. "I averaged, at one time, anywhere from $ 200 to $ 300 a month in phone
calls."

His scavenger hunts also lured him to yard sales, antique shops, the city dump -
you name it.

"As I collected, I'd say, 'This could turn into an exhibit. That could turn into
an exhibit.' So much of it started complementing each other and running in time
frames of history."

Ballard's 15-year passion not only landed him his unpaid curator job, but also a
paid position as historian in residence at Langston University. His new Langston
appointment enabled him to leave the General Motors job he held for about 14
years.

Ballard's other educational projects include an African-American curriculum he
developed late last year for a multicultural program at Oklahoma City schools.

But one of Ballard's pet projects fizzled after two years amid a budget crunch.
He had produced and hosted black history public television shows, known as Ebony
Chronicles.

"I guess the unique thing is when you have a collection as large and as vast as
mine," the artifacts come in handy with any historical project. "In essence, I
don't have to go anywhere to draw any information. I have a collection of 3,000
books . . . hundreds of magazines."

Ballard credits his grandmother, mother and aunt for his appreciation of black
history. Although born and raised in Los Angeles, Ballard's aunt constantly
quizzed him and his siblings on family ancestors who lived in Oklahoma.

The tidbits intrigued him. Ballard's great-great-great-great-grandmother was
born in Mississippi in 1832 as a slave of Choctaw Indians. She later married a
slave also born in Indian territory in 1839.

After the Emancipation Proclamation, Native Americans were required to make
their slaves members of their tribe. The slaves shared in the government's land
allotment program for Native Americans.

Ballard says that proclamation was seen as a punishment to the five Native
American tribes that owned slaves and sided with the Confederates during the
Civil War.

Ballard's ancestors moved to Oklahoma and years later, his mother was born in
Muskogee.

Despite his aunt's history lessons, Ballard's interest did not peak until 1978
when he enrolled at Langston University, in the all-black town established in
1890 by Edward McCabe. It also was at Langston where the father of Roots author
Alex Haley taught as a professor in the late '20s and early '30s.

Ballard first collected black artwork. He bought some prints for his dormitory
room. Now, his artwork includes a rare painting by William Matthew Pryor, a
black folk artist who painted during the 1840s or 1850s.

Later, he found postcards and was "moved by the negative imagery" of faces with
big eyes, big lips, blacks eating watermelons or throwing dice."

Despite the negative imagery, Ballard insists the pieces are bits of history
worth saving because they are the history of blacks. The artifacts help document
oral history, even that of his own family, he adds.

"I had no idea that what started off as stories of my family would culminate
into this," he says.

Big demand for slavery memorabilia

Hot-selling items for collectors of black memorabilia are those dealing with
slavery, says Currie Ballard, who certainly has his share.

For example, the Oklahoma black history buff owns:

- An original 1852 letter by Henry Bibb, a slave who fled a Kentucky plantation
but then wrote a Massachusetts abolitionist asking for money. Bibb escaped to
Ontario, Canada, where he created a camp for runaway slaves. The letter is
valued at $ 7,000.

- About 15 slave documents that 12 years ago sold for $ 40 to $ 50 apiece now
demands as much as $ 450 each.

- A newspaper notice selling a "Negro woman, good cook, ironer and washer." It's
valued at $ 200.

- A collection of African trading beads, including glass beads made in Venice,
as well as one made with snake vertebrae. The Venice beads are valued at $ 300-$
400 for a string, while those made in Africa are about $ 50 a string. "The
Europeans brought glass colorful objects and would utilize them as money," he
says.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, AP; PHOTO, color, Michael Wyke, AP

SLICE OF LIFE; AN OCCASIONAL LOOK AT AMERICAN TRADITIONS AND LIFESTYLES; See
info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              751 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Hindu

                           September 28, 2015 Monday

How start-up economy hums

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: San Jose


San Jose, Sept. 28 -- While Prime Minister Narendra Modi has been in the Bay
Area, representatives of the venture capital community here are engaging with
him on a range of proposed economic reforms that could make it vastly easier to
invest in start-up firms and thus boost the level of entrepreneurship and
technology innovation in India.


 Speaking to The Hindu, Venktesh Shukla, president of The Indus Entrepreneurs
(TiE) Silicon Valley network group, said that Mr. Modi's trip to Silicon Valley
was very significant for several reasons, including the fact that "this is the
first time in independent India that a government has recognised that start-ups
are the way to generate employment and jobs."
 The government cannot keep handing out jobs, he said, and big companies tend to
grow too slowly to generate enough jobs, so the recognition of the role of
start-up firms, and "raising this into the national consciousness as a national
priority" was important.
 Mr. Shukla said the tech community's hope was that during Mr. Modi's two-day
visit to the Bay Area involving interactions with innovators, he would come away
with a clear sense of how the start-up economy works in the U.S., and "what
needs to be done differently in India, in terms of the laws there."
 Black money issue
 One example of the issues arising from the existing laws relates to black
money, and the fact that it is possible to simply invest that black money abroad
and then bring it back to India as a participatory note investment and also
avoid capital gains in that process.
 "It is in the nation's interest not to have that hot money but to have sticky
money, which is related to start-ups and the expertise that they bring."
 To this end if it were a national priority to promote start-ups then the
government should endeavour to make it easier to invest in such companies, for
example, by making it possible for them to issue discounted stock options to
their employees.
 Further, he said, all start-ups wanted the same thing, including an ecosystem
where it is easy to raise money, to hire and attract employees, to not be
burdened with high taxes, and in the case of a successful exit from the business
the firm should be able to take the money out.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 7, 1985, Friday, Final Edition

Jury Gets Money Laundering Case

BYLINE: From News Services and Staff Reports

SECTION: Metro; Around The Region; C5

LENGTH: 171 words


After hearing two months of testimony, a U.S. District Court jury began
deliberations here late yesterday in the trial of former Washington lobbyist
Fred B. Black Jr. and William G. Hessler, a former vice president of Riggs
National Bank.

The two are accused in a 44-count indictment of racketeering, mail fraud and
income tax evasion as part of a conspiracy to launder more than $1 million
earned by a major cocaine distribution ring that smuggled the drug from
Columbia.

Black, 70, who lives in the Watergate Apartments, was convicted in March of
conspiracy to import and distribute cocaine, along with three other men,
including attorneys from New Jersey and Miami.

Hessler, 47, of Rockville, who used to manage Riggs Watergate branch, also is
accused of aiding Black in a check-kiting scheme that went on for two years
before Black allegedly became involved in the cocaine ring.

In testimony both men denied the charges against them and said they did not know
that any of the money came from cocaine sales.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              753 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 11, 1999, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Agent: Kearse got car after OB

BYLINE: JOANNE KORTH

SECTION: SPORTS; COLLEGE FOOTBALL; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 705 words



Black acknowledges discrepancy in records but denies doing anything illegal.

Sports agent William "Tank" Black claims the $ 133,500 Mercedes Benz he paid for
on Dec. 31, 1998, did not become the property of former Florida linebacker Jevon
Kearse until Jan. 4, two days after the Orange Bowl.

Black told the Associated Press on Wednesday that he wired money to purchase the
rare Mercedes S600V from an Atlanta dealership on Dec. 31, 1998. He says the car
was delivered to him in Columbia, S.C., on Jan. 3 and that Kearse signed for a
loan for $ 140,738 with a Columbia bank on Jan. 4.

Several Florida Division of Motor Vehicles documents, however, indicate the car
was purchased in Kearse's name on Dec. 31, 1998.

According to documents obtained by the St. Petersburg Times, Kearse's signature
appears on an odometer disclosure statement dated Dec. 31, 1998. DMV papers
identify Kearse as the owner of the car and indicate a lien date of Dec. 31,
1998. The vehicle's registration application lists Kearse as the car's owner and
the date of acquisition as Dec. 31. And the manufacturer's certificate of origin
dated Dec. 31 was transferred from an Atlanta dealership directly to Kearse.

No documents show Black ever owned the car.

Black, who  postponed a scheduled interview with the Times on Wednesday,
acknowledged a discrepancy in the records but denied to the Associated Press
doing anything illegal.

"Nobody has ever accused me of breaking any kind of rule until now," Black told
the Associated Press on Wednesday. "The truth is being twisted so poorly that
it's just amazing. People are saying all kinds of things about me and they don't
even know who I am."

It is a third-degree felony in Florida for an agent to supply money or gifts to
college athletes before their eligibility has expired, a crime punishable by up
to five years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine.

Black claims Kearse was unaware of the car's existence before Jan. 4, and that
he did not have a verbal agreement with Kearse to buy the car in exchange for
signing with Black's agency, Professional Management Inc.

The state of Georgia requires dealerships to list the purchaser of a car on the
certificate of origin, according to Gail Murha of the Georgia DMV. She said that
if a certificate of origin transferring ownership from RBM to Kearse came across
her desk, she would assume Kearse purchased the car from the dealership.

John Johnson, the salesman who handled the transaction for RBM of Atlanta Inc.,
said the dealership sold the car to Black through a wire-transfer of funds on
Dec. 31, 1998. He said Terry Allen, a former Washington Redskins running back,
picked up the car on Jan. 3.

Kearse drove the Mercedes to a news conference in Gainesville on Jan. 5 to
announce he would forgo his senior year of eligibility to enter the NFL Draft. A
first-round draft pick of the Tennessee Titans, Kearse declined to comment to
the AP on Tuesday by saying, "Only time will tell. It's still an ongoing
investigation."

The NFL Players Association has filed a disciplinary complaint against Black,
and the University of Florida Police Department is investigating Black for
alleged illegal recruitment of Florida players.

Former linebacker Johnny Rutledge has said he accepted monthly payments of $ 500
from Black for a period of a year while playing at Florida. Rutledge said Reggie
McGrew and Kearse also admitted to taking money in sworn depositions.

SUPPORT FROM JACKSON: The Rev. Jesse Jackson's Rainbow-PUSH Coalition said in a
statement it will review Black's case at its national sports conference June
30-July 1 in Washington.

The coalition's statement said there were "serious questions about due process
in the NFLPA's current complaint process governing Black and other certified
agents." NFLPA attorney Richard Berthelson did not return messages left at his
office by the Associated Press.

SEC EXTENDS TV AGREEMENT: The Southeastern Conference has extended its
television rights agreement with Jefferson-Pilot Sports through the 2008-09
academic year.

USC TO FACE AUBURN: USC will host Auburn on Aug. 31, 2002, and visit Auburn on
Aug. 30, 2003.

- Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.


LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              754 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               SUNDAY TERRITORIAN

                            December 18, 2005 Sunday

Black back on block

BYLINE: By ADAM HARVEY in New York

SECTION: SUNDAY WORLD; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 288  words


Former media mogul faces racketeering charges

LORD Conrad Black, one-time media magnate and former owner of Australia's
Fairfax newspaper group, was yesterday charged with a raft of new offences
normally used to prosecute slippery Mafia figures such as ''Teflon Don'' John
Gotti Senior.

Lord Black, 61, who already faced serious fraud charges, was charged in a
Chicago court with racketeering, wire fraud and obstruction of justice relating
to the fleecing of Hollinger, the company he once owned.

The obstruction charge refers to an incident in May when a security camera
captured Black and two employees lugging boxes out the back door of Hollinger's
Toronto headquarters.

By charging Lord Black with racketeering -- which means engaging in an ongoing
criminal enterprise with his co-defendants -- prosecutors can demand stiffer
sentences, penalties and allow courts to confiscate his assets.

He now faces 95 years in prison and $A10 million in fines, up from the 40 years
and $A2.5 million originally filed against him last month. He has pleaded not
guilty to all charges.

The racketeering offence alleges Lord Black oversaw a number of newspaper sales
that were designed to earn millions for crooked Hollinger executives.

The charges of money laundering and wire fraud relate to claims Lord Black
illegally transferred $A2.9 million in fraudulently-obtained proceeds from the
sales to a company bank account that was used to buy an apartment in New York.

Prosecutors say Lord Black used the money of Hollinger shareholders to fund his
lavish lifestyle, which included two luxury Park Ave apartments, private jets to
a Pacific island, a $63,000 meal in Manhattan, and $3400 in handbags for his
wife, right-wing columnist Barbara Amiel.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

wire

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NTN


                   Copyright 2005 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 23, 2009 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Mississippi Delta, A Promising Summer Washed Away by the Fall

BYLINE: By SHAILA DEWAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1066 words

DATELINE: LEXINGTON, Miss.


It was a long day for John Hart, a farmer in the hills just east of the
Mississippi Delta.

An insurance company had decreed that, though Mr. Hart's crop of soybeans and
rice was ruined, he would have to harvest it and haul it to a salvage company
for pennies on the dollar. For that, Mr. Hart needed to borrow a truck that was
70 miles away. By the time he got back to his field, the sky was so dark that a
shooting star whizzed across it like a thick smear of crayon.

But that was just a minor setback compared with what he and other Southern
farmers have been through this year. In August, they thought they had a bumper
crop -- the best they had seen in years. It was the kind of crop that could put
you ahead, for once. Pay off that combine.

But just as the harvest began in September, it began to rain, and it kept
raining through October, normally one of the driest months here. The soybeans
shriveled and blackened with mold. The rice keeled over into the mud. The cotton
hardened into tight little spitballs. The sweet potatoes rotted underground.
When the combines could get into the fields, they scarred them with deep ruts
that will make next year's planting more expensive.

Last year, with commodity prices running at record highs, farming across the
nation seemed to be bucking the recession. This year, with the rest of the
country in a slow recovery from a man-made disaster, nature forced a crash of
its own in the South.

''I was counting my money until September,'' Mr. Hart said. ''I don't know
whether I'm going to be able to farm another year or not.''

In the pitch black of the night, Mr. Hart's hired hand and a friend, Edmond
Clark, who were waiting to help, informed Mr. Hart that the dew had already
come. The ruined beans were too wet to harvest that night.

For the thousandth time, Mr. Hart, 61, asked himself why he had come back home
more than three decades ago from Chicago, where he was a lathe operator, to farm
the family land where he grew up.

''You just keep going,'' he said, forced to live for the most part off his
wife's salary as a nurse. ''She knows that's all I like to do.''

The rainy autumn has made it clear that farmers across the Delta will lose money
this year. But for smaller farmers in the area like Mr. Hart, who owns or rents
about 1,000 acres, and Mr. Clark, with about 600 acres, the question is whether
they will be able to go on.

The rain has affected farmers in Mississippi, Alabama, Georgia, eastern Arkansas
and parts of Louisiana. Mississippi and Georgia have requested disaster
declarations from the United States Department of Agriculture, and Alabama is
likely to follow suit. But help from Washington, in the form of low-interest
loans, often takes a year or more to reach the farmers who need it.

Lester Spell Jr., the Mississippi commissioner of agriculture and commerce, has
asked Congress and the Agriculture Department to speed up the process, saying in
a news release, ''I fear many of our hardworking Mississippi farmers will no
longer be able to operate due to the excessive losses faced this year.''

Mr. Spell cited losses of more than 40 percent of the state's soybean crop,
almost 50 percent of the cotton and more than 60 percent of the sweet potatoes.

For Mr. Hart and his friends, the specter of failure has a double burden because
they are among the few black farmers to have survived years of discriminatory
policies by the federal Farm Services Administration, which were detailed in a
successful class action lawsuit. As part of the settlement in 1999, the
Agriculture Department admitted that it had for decades made it harder for black
farmers to get loans.

''John grew up on the farm; I grew up on the farm,'' Mr. Clark said. ''We've
both seen our parents struggle to hold onto this land.''

Mr. Clark has also been touched by the recession. Last month, his wife was laid
off from her job at a day care center.

In December, the land rents are due for next year, but without a crop, the
farmers may have no money to pay, and larger farmers will snap up their acreage.
Mr. Clark predicted that small black farmers would be unable to return. ''If I
get out of it,'' said Mr. Clark, who rents mostly from black landowners, ''this
land is gone.''

The threat of losing the family land is very real for black and white farmers
alike, who have seen generational cycles of prosperity and bankruptcy, of new
farmhouses and equipment sold on the auction block. Taylor Flowers Jr., 36,
farms land in Coahoma County, where tufts of cotton pile up on the road
shoulders. The land was lost by his mother's family and bought by his father's,
all before his parents married.

It is not just that farming is in their blood. Farmers keep on navigating the
complicated algebra of seed costs and bank loans, commodity markets and fuel
prices, because there is little alternative.

''I've got a college education, I've got a degree in ag business,'' Mr. Flowers
said. ''But I don't know, if I had to quit, what I'd go do. There's not many
jobs out there right now.''

Homer Luckett, 54, another Coahoma farmer, said he had lost about all he could
stand.

''I'm hoping that the people that I owe will let me spread it out over two or
three years,'' he said. ''I don't mind quitting, but I don't want to have to
quit. I'm in debt, but I'd like to be able to farm my way out of debt.''

On the dashboard of his truck, Allen C. Evans III, a farmer near Clarksdale, has
a sheaf of receipts from the grain elevator, showing the damage levels of each
load of soybeans: 39.9 percent, 67.9 percent, 51.8 percent. A born fretter, he
is afraid to call, he said, to find out the final reckoning of the disastrous
season.

''You're just kind of walking around like a zombie,'' Mr. Evans said, ''saying,
never could I have guessed that the best crop I've ever raised in my entire life
-- the one I never worried about -- of all the crops to have taken away from us,
how can this be the one?''

In the Delta, those elevator receipts have become talismans of the times.
Michael Patterson, who helps pay for his farming with the proceeds from his
grain hauling company, displayed one showing a farmer who brought in 1,110
bushels of soybeans, but got paid for 11. The rest were damaged.

That farmer was distraught, Mr. Patterson said.

''You don't want to be the generation,'' he said, ''that loses the family
farm.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: A SETBACK: ''I was counting my money until September,'' John
Hart said. Now his soybeans and rice are ruined, and he wonders about next
year.(PHOTOGRAPHS BY WILL SMITH FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)(A12) MAP: Rains hurt
farmers in the Delta and the rest of the South. Map details Lexington,
Kentucky.(A18)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              756 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 10, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Black Press Moves To Expand on Web;
UPS Grant to Help Start News Service

BYLINE: Sara Kehaulani Goo, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E13

LENGTH: 599 words


The National Newspaper Publishers Association, a Washington-based organization
of about 200 black newspaper publishers, will launch an effort to help member
newspapers publish online and develop a national black news service.

The program, expected to be announced today at a breakfast meeting with
Congressional Black Caucus members, will be funded initially with a $ 125,000
contribution from United Parcel Service of America Inc.

"This will be a huge microphone for the black press to be heard on the
Internet," said John J. Oliver Jr., the association's president and publisher
and chief executive of the Washington and Baltimore Afro-American newspapers.
The news service, he said, will "make sure stories get around [from] coast to
coast, and the causes we are fighting for and promoting will be heard."

Ben Jealous, executive director of the association, said only 10 percent of the
group's member newspapers have an active Web site. Member newspapers are weekly
and have an average circulation of 26,000. By comparison, the Arlington-based
National Newspaper Association said about half of its 3,200 community newspaper
members -- with a median circulation of 30,000 -- is online.

"Most people can't afford the required technology expertise to maintain the
site," Jealous said. "It's too expensive for virtually any community newspaper."

While many larger, mainstream newspapers struggle to find a profitable end to
investing in online editions, Jealous said many black newspapers share similar
interests in national as well as local stories. The news service, he said, might
save newspapers money.

Jealous said each newspaper would have to pay an undetermined monthly fee to
access the news service. But they might save money by running one another's
stories instead of paying for freelance articles. Jealous said several companies
interested in targeting black readers have inquired about banner advertising.

"What we're moving toward is the first true black community news service," or
the "black AP," Jealous said, referring to the Associated Press. "That's the
real power here -- when you do this you create a unified database of content and
so all of a sudden people can go to any black newspaper site and search for
stories running in any of the other black newspapers."

Mike McNair, publisher of the Buckeye Review in Youngstown, Ohio, a
7,000-circulation weekly paper, said he has trouble getting timely national news
that's relevant to African Americans into his newspaper. "The charm of a local
community newspaper is the local community news," McNair said. "However, there's
always an interest in what's going on. Sometimes, we want to know what's going
on with the Mississippi vote, what's going on in Cincinnati, in particular from
an African American perspective."

McNair said he bought rights six years ago to a domain name for his newspaper,
but he laughs about how infrequently he updates it. The news service, he said,
might also help him retain talented writers who may be tempted to eventually
move on to a larger newspaper to cover bigger news. With the news service, he
said, a reporter's work locally might be picked up nationally.

The association will use $ 70,000 of the grant to further develop software that
newspapers could use to create their own Web sites. The rest of the money will
go toward training newspaper staff to use the software.

Several local newspapers, including the Washington Afro-American and the Prince
George's Post, have signed up. The association said it expects to help at least
50 newspapers online by the end of the summer.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              757 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                     April 10, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Conrad Black can learn from rough launch of USA Today: National newspaper dream
will be daunting, expensive, U.S. publisher warns

BYLINE: JULIET O'NEILL, FOR THE CALGARY HERALD

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 823 words

DATELINE: OTTAWA


It was kissed off as an expensive and egotistical joke, branded "McPaper," the
newspaper for junkfood journalism. One of its own editors sniggered it had
brought "new depth to the meaning of the word shallow."

Fifteen years later, USA Today eclipses the Wall Street Journal as the No. 1
national newspaper in America when measured by readership. It is plump with
profits, well regarded by advertisers and, now that it is producing some quality
journalism, commands the respect of previously snickering critics and
once-snobby peers.

It took a money-losing decade, however, to get that way. As Canada's Conrad
Black prepares to launch the first new national newspaper in North America since
McPaper hit the stands in 1982, USA Today president and publisher, Tom Curley,
has this warning: "It is daunting and expensive."

However, he said there are economic trends, such as consolidation in the retail,
hotel and financial services industries, "that bode well for national marketing
and national distribution systems and therefore national newspapers."

He said Black's initial success will depend on the distribution system of the
Southam Inc. newspaper chain (which includes the Calgary Herald), just as USA
Today relied on the unrivaled printing and distribution channels of the Gannett
Co.'s newspaper chain, the largest in the United States.

"The economy in the United States is idyllic and we are enjoying the fruits of
that but it took us 11 years to get to profitability and ultimately we had to
break two million in circulation (to convince advertisers it was truly a
national outlet)," Curley said Thursday.

It took USA Today more than $ 1 billion of losses before it turned a profit --
the first was a modest $ 5 million in 1993 -- for Gannett. The newspaper never
folded, despite the financial hemorrhaging, because of the dogged persistence of
Al Neuharth, Curley's predecessor. Neuharth, retired and living in Florida, is
described as a "mono maniac" who badly wanted to be welcome at the table with
admired American newspaper barons like Katharine Graham of The Washington Post
and the Sulzbergers of the New York Times.

That colorful description of Neuharth comes from John Hartman, a journalism
economics professor at Central Michigan University, who has chronicled the life
and times of USA Today and sees some neat parallels in the daring launch of
Black's yet-to-be-named national newspaper this fall.

When months of suspense over the launch was formally ended this week by Southam
president Donald Babick in Vancouver, he replied to a reporter's comparison
question by saying "I probably wouldn't put USA Today on the spectrum at all to
be honest."

The content of Black's paper is certain to contain much more than bright
pictures and laughable McNuggets of information. It is unlikely to copy what
Neuharth used to call "the journalism of hope" that was spoofed by Homer Simpson
when he said USA Today is the only newspaper to tell the truth -- "that
everything is just fine."

Still, a comparison is irresistible because Black's paper will be the first
national newspaper created from scratch in North America since USA Today hit the
stands in Washington on Sept. 15, 1982. That day was the beginning of a gradual
18-month launch in cities around the U.S., each accompanied by the hoopla of a
big promotion party complete with souvenirs and free drinks.

"Call me; I can save you a lot of money," Hartman said with a long laugh during
an interview when asked what Black should brace for. "Their mistake was not
having enough money. Gannett literally bled its other properties to subsidize
USA Today -- not just the newspapers but its TV and radio stations were bled.

"They were forced to raise their single copy prices, their advertising rates,
often forced to use their distribution personnel, subsidized by the local
newspaper. It created a great deal of resentment, especially among employees at
the newspapers."

Curley, who's been at USA Today since day one, begged to differ. The constant
losses certainly put pressure on Gannett's other holdings, as capital had to be
moved around to cover costs. But he calls Hartman's dramatic blood-on-the-floor
version of the impact on Gannett's other papers a "ridiculous overstatement."

On a Canadian scale, given the country's population, Hartman notes a few rough
parallels. Black is willing to invest between $ 100 and $ 130 million for five
to seven years to break even; USA Today spent about 10 times that much in as
many years. The circulation target in Canada is 200,000; USA Today needed 10
times that to get advertisers on board. Both papers have the resources of a big
newspaper chain behind them. While USA Today was fuelled in part by New York
Times envy, Black's paper is partly a product of Globe and Mail envy.

(Ottawa Citizen)


CORPORATE NAME: SOUTHAM INC.; HOLLINGER; USA TODAY

PERSONAL NAME: CONRAD BLACK


LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. John's Telegram (Newfoundland)

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday

Black unlikely to be unscathed, experts say

BYLINE: Paddon, David, CP

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 613  words


With numerous lawsuits claiming hundreds of millions of dollars in damages from
Conrad Black for allegedly looting the corporate coffers of Hollinger
International, there would be little left of the Canadian-born press magnate's
personal fortune if he's forced to pay every penny demanded.

The worst-case scenario for Black may never come to pass since he and the
companies he controls have repeatedly denied wrongdoing and are putting up a
vigorous legal fight.

But in the post-Enron era of corporate scrutiny, when people like home
decoration diva Martha Stewart and a host of other corporate executives face
fines and jail time for their business dealings, it's unlikely Black will emerge
unscathed.

In fact, the front-page publicity that the Hollinger special committee report
received in major American papers will provide added incentive for the
Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) to investigate Black and others named
in the report.

I don't think it ranks with Martha Stewart, because Martha Stewart was part of
the popular culture, said Robert Myers, a securities lawyer in New York with
Dewey Ballantine LLP, referring to the non- stop coverage of Stewart's trial.

However, he said, Black is in much the same situation as former Enron
executives, who weren't known until the Houston-based energy company suddenly
collapsed. That has resulted in companies and individuals paying hundreds of
millions of dollars in fines and other financial penalties in settlements with
the SEC.

The SEC is not shy about coming after people for lots of money. It is at least
conceivable that at the end of the day some of these individuals will end up
bankrupt and riding the bus, said Ivan Knauer, a securities lawyer with Pepper
Hamilton in Washington, D.C., who defends companies and individuals.

A three-man special committee of Hollinger's directors, formed last year to
examine concerns from minority shareholders, alleges Black and others diverted
$400 million US to themselves and their companies through various means.

Many of the report's allegations had previously been made in a lawsuit filed by
the company seeking $1.2 billion US in damages from Black and other defendants.

While Black is fighting that case vigorously, he has already paid several
million dollars to Hollinger International, part of the money he received as
non-compete fees when the company sold some of its newspapers.

He's also lost all of his executive positions at the Chicago-based company and
failed to block the sale of the London Telegraph, which provided him with
prestige and was the basis for him gaining a seat in Britain's House of Lords.

But as an indirect shareholder, Black may be entitled to receive some of the
proceeds from the recent sale of the Telegraph or any other money distributed by
Hollinger International to shareholders.

Anything that's collected out of one of his pockets goes right back into the
other, said Peter Greene, a securities lawyer with the Toronto firm Affleck
Greene Orr LLP.

Black's personal share of the proceeds would be just a small fraction of the
total distributed to shareholders.

A Delaware judge, hearing a Hollinger-versus-Black case earlier this year,
calculated the Canadian businessman's personal stake in Hollinger International
comprised about 15 per cent of the total ownership.

Since then, however, Black-affiliated companies have sold off a large number of
shares to raise cash, while retaining enough multiple-voting shares to keep
control of the company.

In addition, none of the allegations levelled against him by a special committee
of Hollinger's board of directors has been proven in court. Legal experts say
the report itself can't be used in court.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     August 1, 1996, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

AROUND THE SOUTH;
REGION IN BRIEF;
2nd case of malaria confirmed

BYLINE: Compiled by Gerrie Ferris

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 342 words


Palm Beach County health officials confirmed the second case of malaria in a
week, and Wednesday canvassed the neighborhood in suburban Atlantis for any more
victims of the debilitating tropical disease.

Gary Van Buren, who works as a house painter, has the second case of locally
contracted malaria, the Palm Beach County Public Health Unit confirmed. Van
Buren lives less than two miles from where Robert Woods, a homeless man, is
believed to have contracted the first case.

While six other cases of malaria have been reported in Palm Beach County this
year, all of those infected were people who had traveled to areas outside the
country where malaria is common.

ALABAMA Getting even

Former Gov. Jim Folsom said he has no plans to get back into politics after
enduring three years of investigations. But he intends to give Gov. Fob James
and Attorney General Jeff Sessions a taste of what he has been through. Folsom's
attorney has filed court papers accusing the Republican governor and attorney
general of being ringleaders in a conspiracy to ruin Folsom's name during the
1994 governor's race.

LOUISIANA Gambling money

By pledging $ 1 million to three historically black colleges, a riverboat casino
company will take money from poor blacks and give it to "the more affluent
blacks," a gambling opponent has charged. The remark by Ed Steimel came in
reaction to a money pledge by Casino America Inc., the operator of two riverboat
casinos in Lake Charles and Bossier City. Over the next 20 years, Casino America
plans to give $ 500,000 to Grambling State University, $ 300,000 to Southern
University at Baton Rouge, and $ 200,000 to Southern University at Shreveport.

FLORIDA Teen remorseful

A 17-year-old sobbed as a Tampa judge sentenced him to 35 years in jail for
killing two foreign visitors in a car crash. Albert Leshawn Murphy pleaded
guilty in May to two counts of third-degree murder in the deaths of Markus
Rossknecht and Heinz Bar when the car Murphy was driving slammed into their car
on Dec. 10.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              760 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             June 9, 2012 Saturday

State Briefs

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 584 words


Officials: Let Cape Cod bear wander

PROVINCETOWN (AP) -- State wildlife officials have called off a plan to try to
trap a black bear that's been wandering around Cape Cod.

Division of Fisheries and Wildlife spokeswoman Marion Larson says officials
changed their strategy Friday because the animal hasn't gotten into trouble.

She says officials "were probably over-thinking it" when coming up with the idea
of capturing the bear, thought to be a male around three years old.

Larson says the mere presence of a bear doesn't constitute a public safety
threat.

State officials believe it's the first time in history a black bear has been on
the Cape.

Lawyer guilty of money laundering

BOSTON (AP) -- A prominent Boston defense attorney has been convicted of money
-laundering charges.

A federal jury on Friday found Robert George guilty of conspiring to help a
former client launder drug money for a fee.

George denied the charges and accused federal prosecutors of retaliating against
him because he defended a man accused of plotting to kill a federal prosecutor
in 2007.

George has had a long list of high-profile clients, including organized crime
figures Francis "Cadillac Frank" Salemme and John Martorano. He also represented
Christopher McCowen, a trash collector convicted in the 2002 murder of Cape Cod
fashion writer Christa Worthington.

George was convicted of seven counts, including conspiracy, aiding and abetting
and money laundering. Sentencing was set for Sept. 19.

10 years sought for Bulger's girlfriend

BOSTON (AP) -- Federal prosecutors are asking that the girlfriend of mobster
James "Whitey" Bulger be sentenced to 10 years in prison for helping him evade
authorities during 16 years on the run.

In a sentencing memo filed in court Friday, prosecutors says 61-year-old
Catherine Greig deserves the long sentence -- above federal sentencing
guidelines -- because of the length of time she harbored Bulger as a fugitive
and the number of things she did to protect him.

Greig pleaded guilty to three charges in March and is scheduled to be sentenced
Tuesday. She admitted using aliases and obtaining Bulger's prescription
medications by pretending to be his wife.

The couple was apprehended in Santa Monica, Calif., last June.

The 82-year-old Bulger is awaiting trial for his alleged role in 19 murders.

Ex-Salisbury chief cleared of charges

CHELSEA (AP) -- A former Massachusetts police chief has been cleared of criminal
charges involving theft and the sale of town vehicles.

Former Salisbury Chief David L'Esperance was acquitted by a judge Thursday in
Chelsea District Court.

His lawyer tells The Daily News of Newburyport that L'Esperance can "finally get
on with his life."

Prosecutors and town officials say they respect the judge's decision.

L'Esperance's attorney says the charges were brought by town officials in an
effort to prevent his client from claiming a pension.

Texas man pleads guilty to killing aunt

DEDHAM (AP) -- A Texas man whose murder trial in the stabbing death of his
legally blind aunt in her Massachusetts apartment ended with a hung jury has
pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of manslaughter.

Prosecutors say 44-year-old Randall Carpeno Jr. of Austin, Texas was sentenced
to up to 18 years in prison after pleading guilty last week to killing
56-year-old April Mackie in her Plainville home in March 2009.

Carpeno's April trial ended in a mistrial.

Carpeno's lawyer claimed his client acted in self-defense and witnesses
testified that Mackie had threatened people with a knife before.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              July 30, 2010 Friday
                                National Edition

Our Man Inside; Osheaga; Bahamas on his top picks for the Montreal festival

BYLINE: Ben Kaplan, National Post

SECTION: POST MOVIES; Pg. PM9

LENGTH: 952  words


Bahamas is a Polaris longlisted musician who cut his teeth on the road playing
guitar for Feist. Appearing this weekend at the Osheaga Music Festival in
Montreal, Bahamas, born Afie Jurvanen, is also a 29-year-old musician known to
enjoy the occasional good time. "Being Bahamas, we have Corona and mojitos and
margaritas on our rider," says Jurvanen, also appearing at the Glenn Gould
Studio in Toronto this fall. "We're trying to break out of the red wine and
vodka cliches." To that end, we asked Jurvanen what acts on the two-day bill he
was most looking forward to catching, and hit him up for some tips on enjoying
the show.

The act Snoop Dogg

The history One of history's most successful (and acclaimed) hip-hop artists,
Snoop's released 10 solo albums and shared cornbread and fried chicken on CNN
with Larry King.

Bahamas backstory "We've all had our moments with Snoop; for me, it was 15 years
ago or whenever Doggystyle came out. He looms large over fashion, music and
film."

Favourite track "Rolling down the street smoking indo / sipping on gin and juice
/ laid back / with my mind on my money and my money on my mind," Gin and Juice.

Where Bahamas would like to be for the set "Snoop's tour bus, about 10 minutes
before he goes onstage."

The act The Black Keys

The history Fast-rising duo from Akron, Ohio, the Black Keys make punky blues
tunes that occasionally get appropriated in things like Grand Theft Auto,
Twilight and Big Love. Their most recent record, Brothers, reached No. 3 on
Billboard in May.

Bahamas backstory "Since I've started playing as a duo, every show I do someone
mentions this band or the White Stripes. These guys are more rocking than what I
do; it's going to be a great set to see."

Favourite track " Tighten Up. It's a really great old soul song they recorded at
Muscle Shoals, this studio in Alabama. It'd be a thrill to go down there and
record some tunes."

Where Bahamas would like to be for the set "Down in the front with something
like a Pabst Blue Ribbon, a 50, or some other cheap, discount beer."

The act Jamie Lidell

The history British one-man jam band hangs his hat in Manhattan and released his
first soul record, Freekin' the Frame, in 1997. Compass, his fourth album
released this May, features collaborations with Feist, Chilly Gonzales and Beck.

Bahamas backstory "I've hung out with him, made a little music, and he's a real
deal soul singer and his thing is completely original. I saw him play Toronto
and it was an amazing dance party. He's got a bad-ass band right now, too."

Favourite track " Multiply. A straight-ahead Motown style slam-jam with amazing
singing and, live, he does this crazy looping stuff, just layering and layering
his vocals. A really hummable tune."

Where Bahamas would like to be for the set "I don't know if it's possible to
have a disco ball over the audience, but I'd like to be under one because he
makes a raging dance party. He goes from red wine to Red Bull in 10 seconds."

The act Sonic Youth

The history The legendary New York band released its self-titled debut in 1982.
From Weezer to Arcade Fire to Pavement to Metric, it'd be hard to find anyone on
the bill not influenced by Sonic Youth (and yeah, that includes Snoop).

Bahamas backstory "I opened for them once with Feist in the early days and we
were honoured and humbled to be performing with them. For any relationship to
survive 20 years, musical or otherwise, it's incredible. Plus, they have so much
gear."

Favourite track "Anything off Sonic Nurse (2004). It's not one of their classic
records like Goo (1990), but it's cool and melodic. People expect the freak-out
jams, but it's nice to see them straightforward."

Where Bahamas would like to be for the set "I don't want to say their music's
not a communal experience, but I'd rather get lost in a Sonic Youth set than
party through it. Might be a good time for that quiet solo cigarette."

The act Jimmy Cliff

The history Cliff, a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, is one of
reggae's founders and star of The Harder They Come, Jamaica's first feature film
which also features his legendary soundtrack.

Bahamas backstory "The guy's older and he's touring, in a lot of ways he's in
the prime of his career. He's ready to feel the love."

Favourite track " The Harder They Come is such an amazing song -- the message is
strong, the melody's forceful, and you can't help but sing along. It's a
reggae-soul equivalent of Free Falling. It's the feel good jam of every summer
of everyone's life, ever."

Where Bahamas would like to be for the set "Snoop's tour bus, about 10 minutes
before Jimmy Cliff goes onstage."

The performer Bahamas

The history Once part of the original band that became Zeus, Bahamas played with
Jason Collett at the Bonfire Ball and has played on all of Feist's records. He
released his first solo album last year.

Bahamas backstory "I've been to some cities three or four times in the past year
and I'm excited to go back and see if some people still want to come out and see
us play," he says. "That said, I'm just back from Vancouver and enjoying some
time off. It's nice to play basketball and go swimming everyday."

Favourite track "There's this new one we're playing called Caught Me Thinking,
its got a really good groove and people seem to want to dance to it. Maybe we
should add another chorus."

Where Bahamas would like to be after his set "Montreal is one of my favourite
cities and I speak pretty good French," he says. "If you bring us a couple
Coronas, we'll hang out with you."

- The Osheaga Music Festival kicks off tomorrow in Montreal. For more
information, see osheaga. com. Bahamas will be on tour this fall. For complete
listings, see myspace. com/bahamasbreeze.

bkaplan@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: Mohamed Azakir, Reuters; Snoop  Dogg...; Black & White
Photo: Novado Records Handout; ...and, of  course, Bahamas himself are appearing
at Osheaga.; Black & White
Photo: Nicole Nodland; ...Jamie Lidell...; Black & White
Photo:  Lucas Jackson, Reuters; ...Jimmy Cliff...;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                           January 21, 2009 Wednesday

POLICE BEAT

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 665  words


SEVERN

Attacked in home

A Severn man was struck on the head with a piece of concrete Friday after two
teenagers who came inside his home to use the phone demanded money.

The man told police the teenagers knocked on his door in the 1800 block of
Quebec Court and asked to use his telephone.

He invited them inside, only to have them demand money, then attack him when he
refused.

The victim told police he defended himself and the teenagers ran off before
police arrived.

The teenagers were both described as black and wearing dark clothing. One was
5-feet, 7-inches tall and weighing about 210 pounds. The other was the same
height, but weighed only about 140 pounds.

GLEN BURNIE

Carjacking

A Glen Burnie man told police he was pulled from his car at knifepoint Friday
night by two men who then stole his car.

The victim told police he was in the 200 block of Woodhill Drive shortly before
7 p.m. when the two men attacked him through the window. One of the assailants
displayed a knife, opened the door and yanked the victim from his car. The other
suspect then pushed the man down onto the cement steps next to the car.

Both suspects got into the car and drove off.

One of the carjackers was described as a Hispanic man, 18-22 years old, with a
slight beard. He was wearing a black pullover hoodie and was armed with a knife.
The second suspect was a black man, 18-22 years old, wearing a light blue long
sleeve shirt.

Cigarettes taken

A man walked into a convenience store on Baltimore Annapolis Boulevard early
Sunday morning, pushed the clerk aside and ran off with a garbage bag full of
cigarettes, county police said.

The clerk working at the Royal Farms Store at 7201 Baltimore Annapolis Blvd.
told police that shortly after midnight a man pushed her behind the counter and
demanded cigarettes. The robber filled the garbage bag with an undetermined
amount of various cigarette brands, then ran toward Wellham Avenue.

The man was described as black, 6 feet tall with a medium build, wearing a black
jacket with a gray stripe, gray knit cap, black mask and a scarf.

Mall mugging

A Glen Burnie man was mugged Sunday afternoon in the Centre at Glen Burnie.

The man told police he was in the shopping center at 6711 Ritchie Highway about
3 p.m. when a man grabbed the hood of his sweatshirt from behind, pulled him to
the ground and began to punch and kick him.

During the assault, a woman grabbed the victim's cell phone and both suspects
ran out of the mall. The pair was last seen getting into a black GMC pickup and
leaving the area north on Ritchie Highway.

The victim described his attackers as a white man, roughly 28 years old, 6-feet,
2-inches tall with a slim build, beard, and brown hair below the ear. He was
wearing a dark baseball cap, light blue T-shirt, white shirt underneath, and
stone washed jeans.

The woman was also white, about 25 years old, 5-feet, 5-inches tall, with a
medium build. She was wearing a dark coat and carrying a large dark handbag.

Trail walkers robbed

Two people walking home on the Baltimore Annapolis Trail early Monday morning
were mugged at knifepoint near the District Court building.

Police said the two were walking north on the trail near the 600 block of
Greenway about 12:30 a.m. when they were approached by three men who asked for
money.

One of the three produced a small knife and demanded money. One of the victims
turned over an undetermined amount of cash. The robbers fled south on the trail.

BROOKLYN PARK

Robbery

A man was robbed at gunpoint Sunday night as he walked along Ritchie Highway.

The victim told county police he was walking in the 5000 block of Ritchie
Highway at about 8:15 p.m. when another man came up behind him and pointed a
black handgun to the back of his head.

The robber demanded all of man's possessions and reached into his pocket and
took his AM/FM Walkman before running eastward on 11th Avenue.

The victim described his attacker as black, 20 years old, and about 5-feet,
8-inches tall. He was wearing a black knitted hat and tan jacket.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 21, 1989, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Tough fight for NABJ's Morgan

BYLINE: Haya El Nasser

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 297 words


The NABJ election of officers every two years is passionate. Candidates spend
money and work for months to win a chance to lead the 1,900-member association.
Why? ''It's an association that is young and is really struggling and has a lot
of dreams and hopes for its members,'' says Morgan, 38. ''Hiring and promotion
(of black journalists) have been stagnant, and in some areas declined. People
feel passionate about that and they feel threatened.''

Consider: Minority journalists (black, Hispanic, Asian or American Indian) make
up about 7.5% of the country's newsroom employees, according to NABJ. Minorities
make up about 16% of television news employees and about 8% of radio employees.

Morgan, who has been NABJ treasurer for six years, faces many of the same
challenges the 50 black journalists who founded the association faced 14 years
ago. ''More jobs for people in this industry; more promotions for black
journalists,'' he says.

Another reason NABJ conventions are frantic is that they've become a hotbed of
recruitment activity. Every major newspaper and TV network attends the
convention in hopes of finding new talent.

A 1973 journalism graduate of the University of Missouri, Morgan began his
journalism career as editor of Andrews Air Force Base's newspaper. After he left
the Air Force in 1975, he worked as a reporter for the Miami Herald and The
Washington Post. He was assistant city editor at The Post when he left to join
The New York Times in 1984 as assistant metro editor. He is now a metropolitan
staff reporter.

Morgan says one of his goals is to make NABJ - which now relies heavily on
foundations and corporate grants - more financially independent. Briefly: The
NABJ named Cable News Network anchor Bernard Shaw ''journalist of the year.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w, Stephen Lefkovits, USA TODAY (Thomas Morgan III)

CUTLINE: MORGAN: Served as treasurer

TYPE: Media

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              764 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   November 8, 2000, Wednesday, Home Edition

SOUTHERN REFERENDUMS: South Carolina voters OK education lottery;
 Alabama voting to lift interracial marriage ban;
 ELECTION 2000: THE SOUTH

BYLINE: Marlon Manuel, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 12E

LENGTH: 790 words

Columbia --- South Carolina gamblers won't need to spend their money on
Georgia's lottery anymore.

Now, they've got their own.

Palmetto State voters passed a constitutional amendment that will allow a
Georgia-style education lottery.

The referendum was a keystone of the 1998 campaign of Democrat Jim Hodges,
elected governor in an upset two years ago. Hodges promised to stem the flow of
money bet by South Carolinians in Georgia --- nearly $ 127 million a year - --
by starting his state's own education lottery.

"The voters have spoken loudly. They believe in scholarships for well- deserving
students in South Carolina," Hodges said in a victory speech to a Democratic
gathering.

In other major referendums around the South:

In Alabama, a referendum to end a 99-year-old constitutional ban on marriages
between blacks and whites seemed headed for approval. Alabama was the last state
to have such a law, which had not been enforced for years.

Bucking the wishes of officials and business leaders, Florida voters were giving
an edge in early returns to an initiative to build rail lines for a " bullet"
train to link the state's five most populated areas.

North Carolina voters approved a $ 3.1 billion bond referendum for improvements
at the state's 16 public universities and 59 community colleges.

A referendum to allow casino gambling and a lottery in Arkansas was losing.

For Southern bettors, the South Carolina lottery decision offsets a 1999
election in which Alabama voters defeated a lottery referendum.

"We learned some lessons from Georgia and Alabama, and part of that lesson is to
give voters as much details as you can about how a lottery plan would make a
difference in their lives," Hodges said.

In winning, Hodges and his pro-lottery coalition overcame a strong anti- lottery
group that relied mainly on churches.

"I still do believe the lottery will have a negative effect on the black
community," said Kevin Gray, a black civil rights activist in Columbia. "In a
very short time, the impact of the lottery is going to be evident on the black
community and it's going to be a vote, if they support it, they'll end up
regretting."

Pro-lottery forces estimate they can raise $ 150 million a year for education by
starting a South Carolina lottery.

Both sides waged aggressive media campaigns with television and radio ads. The
anti-lottery side collected nearly $ 300,000 from churches, including $ 100,000
from the South Carolina Baptist Convention, the state's largest denomination.
Several other churches joined the lottery opposition.

"This is no joyful day for our state," said the Rev. Ray K. Smith of St. Paul's
United Methodist Church in Orangeburg, one of those who opposed the lottery.
"The church always extends itself to those in need, so we will be on hand to
help those who fall victim to gambling."

South Carolina joins Georgia, Florida, Virginia, Louisiana, Kentucky and Texas
as Southern states with lotteries.

In North Carolina, where there is no lottery, state Sen. Tony Rand (D-
Cumberland) said his state can't afford to be left out.

"I've heard that North Carolina is the only state that plays the lottery and
doesn't keep the money," said Rand, who has sponsored a lottery bill.

South Carolinian Janice Ward said she voted for the lottery largely because
she's a sixth-grade teacher. "I'm very much in favor of it because it will
support education," she said. Ward was unmoved by lottery detractors, who
claimed the $ 150 million for education a lottery might raise could be found in
the state budget by cutting spending for other programs.

"Show me the money," said Ward, who buys markers and other supplies for her
class out of her own pocket. "They'd be hard-pressed to see $ 150 million just
lying around."

Emerging from North Augusta High School just across the state line from Georgia,
Peggy Seigler said she was for improving education but couldn't bring herself to
support a state lottery.

"Georgia has a lottery, and a lot of people from South Carolina play it," said
the 28-year-old Chamber of Commerce worker, "but I'm not sure South Carolina is
large enough to support its own."

Political analysts on both sides of the referendum predicted black turnout would
decide the outcome. Strong turnout by blacks in 1998 helped send Hodges to the
Governor's Mansion.

Tyeasha Perry, 17, a high school student, and her mother, 40-year-old Diane
Boyd, were among the blacks who didn't back Hodges' plan Tuesday.

"I really don't believe in the lottery because it will bring a lot of
corruption," Perry said. "All the money we need is right here in this state.
South Carolina is not poor. They just need to send the money to the schools."

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Hesekieh Brown considers the political message Tuesday in a Charleston, S.C.,
storefront. Brown said he was "in the middle" on the lottery question. / PAULA
ILLINGWORTH / Associated Press

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              765 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      April 28, 1995, Friday, City Edition

Tunnel study isn't viewed as a bear necessity

BYLINE: ELIZABETH WILLSON

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; THE LEGISLATURE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 525 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



Why did the black bear cross the road?

  Unless Florida lawmakers have a change of heart, we may never know.

  A Senate budget committee has recommended cutting $ 115,000 for studies
designed to protect black bears and endangered Florida panthers from
extinction.

Most of the money would go to determine whether threatened black bears are
using a tunnel underneath a deadly stretch of road in Central Florida.

  The money, federal funds that DOT gives to the Game and Fresh Water Fish
Commission, would not take dollars away from other state needs or reduce the
state's spending, game officials and environmentalists say.

  Nonetheless, both houses of the Legislature must authorize the  expenditure,
budget officials said.

Senators are scheduled to vote on the issue again today.

  If a study proved that the tunnel - under State Road 46 in Lake County -  is
saving bears' lives, wildlife officials and environmentalists could push  for
more tunnels under roads where lumbering bears have been killed by  vehicles.

  "We've had 19 black bears killed in a 2.8 mile stretch of this road  since
1986, including three in the past year," says Jayde Roof, a state  biologist who
studies black bears for the Florida Game and Fresh Water Fish  Commission. "This
is the hot spot in the state as far as bear mortality."

  The death rate of black bears has been increasing in the last decade.
Biologists point to loss of forest habitat and increasing road deaths.

  Every year about 3 percent of Florida's estimated 1,500 black bears die.  More
than 300 have been killed in the state since 1976, several along U.S. 19  in
Hernando County.

  The $ 1-million underground bear tunnel, a joint effort between the
Department of Transportation and the game commission, was completed in early
December.

  September, October, November and the first part of December are the  times
when bears most frequently cross the road to forage for food. From  mid-December
through April, the bears are usually hibernating in their dens,  giving birth
and taking care of cubs.

  Two bears used the tunnel right after it opened, Roof said. A camera  inside
the tunnel documented their crossing.

  The money from the Legislature would enable Roof to complete a  three-year
study on the black bears and determine whether the tunnel is  effective, state
officials say.

  "I won't have any meaningful data about the tunnel if they close this  study
down," Roof says. "Although we've had two bears use it, we haven't had
everything in place during the peak times they would use it."

  Larger, more expensive underpasses have been built for the endangered  Florida
panther.

  Habitat for Bears, a program sponsored by Defenders of Wildlife and the
Florida Sierra Club, commends Florida's first bear tunnel.

  "We think it's really important the State Road 46 bear crossing study
continue," said Laurie Macdonald, a field coordinator for the Habitat for  Bears
campaign. "The results will tell us about the effectiveness of this  new,
smaller less-costly design and see if it works."

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Times files, (2); Signs along State Road 46
don't stop it from being one of the deadliest roads for bears.; a black bear

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                              766 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 9, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: HARLEM;
Black-Owned Supermarket Clears Hurdle With Loan

BYLINE: By JANE H. LII

SECTION: Section 13; Page 8; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 359 words


High prices and low quality have long plagued grocery shoppers in Harlem. And
industry experts say the underlying problem is that most of the area's
supermarkets are too small to buy in quantities that allow them to offer truly
competitive prices. But community activists also point to another factor: that
none of the supermarket owners are black.

"The stores don't cater to our tastes," said the Rev. Edward Earl Johnson,
pastor of Mount Moriah Baptist Church, on Fifth Avenue near 126th Street.

That is expected to change shortly. The Bravo supermarket at Fifth Avenue and
126th Street plans to become Harlem's first black-owned supermarket. Its
partners will be the church; Wellton Skeefers, a black Guyanese immigrant, and
Leon Woo, whose ancestry is Chinese and Puerto Rican.

On Tuesday, Chase Manhattan Bank made a commitment on a $500,000 loan to Mr.
Skeefers and Mr. Woo, which, if guaranteed by the Federal Small Business
Administration, will allow them to close on the deal. Agency officials said on
Friday that they were waiting for the application.

Ruth Salzman, a vice president at Chase, said the money was part of a new
program intended to help minority business people gain ownership of small- to
mid-sized supermarkets. She said it was intended for investors who need capital
or long-term financing to acquire the business but who have the money available
to maintain an adequate inventory of merchandise.

Until recently, Mr. Skeefers and Mr. Woo owned a Shop Smart grocery in Jackson
Heights, Queens, which they sold to raise money for the Bravo store. The
president of the Greater Harlem Chamber of Commerce, Lloyd Williams, brought in
the church, which has been looking for an investment opportunity.

Even after approval from the Small Business Administration, the partners will
face serious competition. In order to stay competitive with the Pathmark store
proposed for the 125th Street between Third and Lexington Avenues, they are
negotiating with Sylvia's Restaurant to carry a line of its products and will
stock more items that are favored by African-American shoppers, Mr. Johnson
said.   JANE H. LII

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              767 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

NCAA REPORT: MONEY COUNTS IN ACADEMIC PERFORMANCE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 522 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS


The NCAA's latest academic progress report shows money pays off in the
classroom, not just on the playing field.

Athletic programs with the biggest budgets, such as the six BCS conferences,
scored well on the latest Academic Progress Report, released Wednesday. Those
with less money did not.

USF had three teams fall under the NCAA's threshold score of 925. Football,
which was at 921 last year, dropped to 910, and men's basketball, which was at
893 last year, rose to 898. Volleyball, at 935 last year, dropped to 914 and
fell into the bottom 10 percent among volleyball teams nationally. All three
teams fall within the "squad-size adjustment," though that cushion will not be
there next year, when the data is from a full four-year period.

Three USF teams - men's and women's golf and men's cross country - posted
perfect scores of 1,000, and softball had 995. In all, nine of USF's 17 teams
had lower scores than a year ago, but no teams face any NCAA sanctions.

Among the hardest-hit schools were those in the Hurricane Katrina region and
predominantly black colleges. Teams at historically black colleges and
universities accounted for about 13 percent of schools facing punishment for
classroom performance, and 13 of 49 schools receiving warning letters came from
Louisiana.

Prominent programs cited were Arizona's football team and the men's basketball
teams at Cincinnati and Iowa State. Florida International could lose up to nine
football scholarships.

FSU lands top recruit

Moses McCray, a senior-to-be at Middleton and one of the state's most highly
regarded talents, has committed to FSU, Rivals.com reported. The defensive
tackle is the eighth from the class of 2008 to publicly pledge to the Seminoles.

McCray picked FSU over Florida.

"I really liked the school," McCray told Rivals.com. "I've been a 'Nole fan
since I was little. Lately, I've remembered what it means to be a "Nole. It
means so much."

McCray also had scholarship offers from South Florida, Maryland, Pittsburgh and
Rutgers, Rivals.com reported. A starter since the ninth grade, McCray was an
All-Hillsborough County honorable mention pick last season.

Josh Julmiste goes to B-CC

TAMPA - Former USF defensive end Josh Julmiste, dismissed from the Bulls in
February after off-field problems, is transferring to I-AA Bethune-Cookman.

B-CC confirmed Wednesday that Julmiste was expected to transfer and would have
two years of eligibility, assuming he is academically qualified to play this
fall. According to USF's registrar's office, Julmiste went from being a
full-time student to taking seven credit hours in March.

BASEBALL: USF junior shortstop Walter Diaz is among 112 candidates for player of
the year. He is batting .377.

BASKETBALL: Notre Dame coach Muffet McGraw got a two-year extension.

TENNIS: Two Florida men and two UF women were selected to participate in the
singles and doubles draw of the NCAA championship. Greg Ouellette and Jesse
Levine will compete in singles and doubles for the men, and Diana Srebrovic and
Megan Alexander will compete for the women.

Times staff writer Greg Auman and correspondent Keith Niebuhr contributed to
this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COMPILED FROM TIMES STAFF, WIRES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                      IPR

                       August 5, 2016 Friday 8:00 AM  EST

SHARING INFORMATION ON FDI

LENGTH: 686  words


NEW DELHI, Aug. 5 -- The government of India issued the following news release:


The Government has taken several effective measures, both by way of policy-level
initiatives as well as through more effective enforcement action on the ground,
to address the issue of black money, including entry of black money in the
country from tax haven countries. These measures include putting in place robust
legislative and administrative frameworks, systems and processes with due focus
on capacity building and integration of information and its mining through
increasing use of information technology. Recent such major initiatives of the
Government include - (i) Constitution of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on
Black Money under Chairmanship and ViceChairmanship of two former Judges of
Hon'ble Supreme Court, (ii) Enactment of a comprehensive new law on black money
- "The Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax
Act, 2015" to specifically and more effectively tackle the issue of black money
stashed away abroad, (iii) Constitution of Multi-Agency Group (MAG) consisting
of officers of Central Board of Direct Taxes (CBDT), Reserve Bank of India
(RBI), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) for
investigation of recent revelations in Panama paper leaks, (iv) Proactively
engaging with foreign governments with a view to facilitate and enhance the
exchange of information under Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAAs)/Tax
Information Exchange Agreements (TIEAs)/Multilateral Conventions, (v) According
high priority to the cases involving black money stashed away abroad for
investigation and other follow-up actions including prosecutions in appropriate
cases, (vi) While focusing upon non-intrusive measures, due emphasis on
enforcement measures in high impact cases with a view to prosecute the offenders
at the earliest for credible deterrence against tax evasion/black money, (vii)
Proactively furthering global efforts to combat tax evasion/black money, inter
alia, by joining the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement in respect of
Automatic Exchange of Information (AEOI) and having information sharing
arrangement with USA under its Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA),
(viii) Renegotiation of DTAAs with other countries to bring the Article on
Exchange of Information to International Standards and expanding India's treaty
network by signing new DTAAs and TIEAs with many jurisdictions to facilitate the
exchange of information and to bring transparency, (ix) Initiation of the
information technology based 'Project Insight' by the Income Tax Department for
strengthening the non-intrusive information driven approach for improving tax
compliance and effective utilization of available information, (x) Legislative
measures including amendments in the Income-tax Act, 1961.


The information and data on FDI received by Indian companies is received and
maintained by RBI. This data is furnished to the Department of Industrial Policy
and Promotion (DIPP), Ministry of Commerce & Industry of the Government of India
on a monthly basis. DIPP processes this data and hosts it on its website after
applying certain parameters. Besides, there is need based sharing of information
and data on FDI with law enforcement agencies

Know your customer (KYC) details of the investor are obtained and maintained by
the RBI. Further, whenever any specific case involving funding with black money
through FDI is noticed, appropriate action is taken by relevant law enforcement
agencies such as Income Tax Department, Enforcement Directorate, depending upon
facts of the case. Such appropriate action under direct taxes laws includes
investigation, assessment of income, levy of tax, interest & penalty and filing
of prosecution complaints before Criminal Courts, wherever applicable.

This information was given by Minister of State for Finance Shri. Santosh Kumar
Gangwar today in reply to a Lok Sabha question. For any query with respect to
this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 HT Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           December 10, 2013 Tuesday

Oakland: Three nail salon employees pepper sprayed, robbed

BYLINE: By Harry Harris Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; Crime; Contra Costa;
News; Local

LENGTH: 234 words


OAKLAND -- Three employees of an East Oakland nail salon were pepper sprayed and
one was pistol whipped during a robbery Monday afternoon, police said.

Five suspects are being sought, including three women who did the pepper
spraying.

The robbery happened about 4:40 p.m. Monday at Mimi's Nails, 6108 International
Blvd.

Police said the three women first walked in and asked about getting an
appointment before a man entered, pulled a gun and demanded money from the
employees. Another man stood guard at the doorway.

The three women pulled pepper spray and blasted a 58-year-old man in the eyes
and took money and a cellphone from him before he was hit in the head by the
gunman, police said.

The women suspects then sprayed two women employees, ages 45 and 35, and took
cash and other items from them, police said. The younger woman was later
transported to a hospital for treatment.

The suspects were last seen driving northbound on 61st Avenue in a black sport
utility vehicle.

The gunman was described as black, age 19 to 22, about 5 feet 7 and 140 pounds
with black hair and brown eyes. He wore a black hooded sweatshirt and black
pants. Descriptions of the other suspects were vague.

Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering up to $7,500 in reward money
for information leading to the arrest of the suspects. Anyone with information
may call police at 510-238-3326 or Crime Stoppers at 510-777-8572.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 27, 2010 Wednesday

Armed robber hits convenience stores in two counties

BYLINE: David Singleton, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 430 words


Oct. 27--Three armed robberies at convenience stores in Lackawanna and
Susquehanna counties during a two-hour span Wednesday morning apparently were
carried out by the same person, police said.

After each holdup, the masked suspect fled in a black Honda apparently driven by
an accomplice, authorities said. There were no injuries in any of the robberies.

The gunman was described as white man, about 5 feet, 8 inches tall and 150
pounds, wearing a black ski mask. According to state police, he was dressed in a
black hooded sweatshirt over an untucked white button-down shirt and khaki
pants. At least one store clerk told police the sweatshirt had "FOX" printed on
the front.

"It has to be the same guy," Old Forge Police Chief Larry Semenza said. "The
clothing matches exactly."

The spree started at Convenient Food Mart on Route 374 in Lenox Twp., where a
man wearing a black ski mask entered about 1:50 a.m., brandished a revolver and
demanded money, state police at Gibson said. The suspect left when the clerk
refused to turn over cash.

About 40 minutes later, around 2:30, a masked man entered the Turkey Hill Minit
Mart at 193 Main St. in Old Forge, borough police said. When the clerk asked him
to remove the mask, the suspect took out a black revolver and demanded money.
The clerk handed over cash from the register and the man fled.

The final holdup happened at 3:48 a.m. at the Turkey Hill at 925 Main St. in
Dickson City.

"It was pretty much the same as everybody else," borough Police Chief William
Bilinski said.

Chief Bilinski said a man wearing a black ski mask walked into the store,
displayed a weapon and demanded money before fleeing with a small amount of
cash.

State police said the getaway vehicle is believed to be a black Honda Civic
coupe, possibly bearing New Jersey tags. The vehicle was equipped with a large
canister-style muffler on the passenger side and may have lettering on the top
of the rear window.

Anyone with information is asked to contact state police at 465-3154, Old Forge
police at 457-7441, Dickson City police at 489-3231 or call 911.

Contact the writer: dsingleton@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101027-YT-Armed-robber-hits-convenience-stores-in-two-counties-1027-20101027

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              771 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 El Paso Times

                             October 4, 2004 Monday

OUR VIEWS;
Enterprise fund

BYLINE: ,El Paso Times

SECTION: OPINION; Our Views; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 480 words


Border areas need to make use of money

Economic-development money is available in the Texas Enterprise Fund, and El
Paso needs to go after it with a solid strategy and sense of purpose.

In fact, El Paso is finally poised to take part -- for the first time -- in the
$295 million economic-development money authorized by Texas legislators last
year. Its goal: Attract businesses and jobs to Texas.

But concerns have been raised about the distribution of the funds, because El
Paso and other border cities haven't yet benefited from them, while $172
million, and 12,000 jobs, have gone elsewhere in the state.

Let's remember that to receive the enterprise funding, companies must apply for
it. It's not a matter of communities sitting back and waiting for the governor
to shovel money into their laps. It's not a matter of one area being shorted and
another being showered with money. It's a matter of going after the money, not
waiting for it.

Applicants also must have a plan acceptable to the governor, lieutenant governor
and speaker of the House. According to the governor's office's Web site:

"A project must demonstrate a significant return on the state's investment and
strong local support. The review process will consider a variety of factors
associated with each project, including job creation and wages, capital
investment, the financial strength of the applicant, the applicant's business
history, analysis of the relevant business sector, and public and private sector
financial support.

"If you have a project that can benefit from the Texas Enterprise Fund, an
application must be submitted to the Office of the Governor ..."

Robert Black, spokesman for the governor, said the actual application is
submitted by the company, after it has come to an agreement with the community
in which it wishes to locate. "The partnership has to be between the company and
the community," Black said. "The fund ... closes the deal."

Bob Cook, interim president of the Regional Economic Development Corp., said
recently community leaders have been in talks with two companies that could
bring high-tech, high-paying jobs to El Paso, and that the enterprise fund could
help close the deal. An application for funding will be sent in shortly.

Black said Harlingen tried to lure Boeing to the border, but was beaten out by
Everett, Wash. He said the $45 million offered by the enterprise fund was the
second-largest commitment the fund has made.

Economic-development and elected officials in border areas, including El Paso,
must intensify their efforts to attract new jobs to their areas. Spend time
going after the money instead of complaining about not getting a fair share. The
money is there, and border areas should be trying to get it with the same desire
and singleness of purpose that put Sematech in Austin and Vought Aircraft in
Dallas.

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Catonsville Times, Ellicott City, Md

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 24, 2012 Tuesday

Two armed robberies at Catonsville ATMs may be connected to two in June

BYLINE: Brian Conlin, Catonsville Times, Ellicott City, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


July 24--Two armed robberies at Catonsville area ATMs last weekend may be linked
to two other similar incidents in June, according to Baltimore County Police.

Police spokeswoman Cpl. Cathy Batton said at 4 p.m. on Tuesday that police would
not confirm that the four incidents were related, but they are "investigating
them as being connected incidents."

In the latest incident, a 23-year-old driver and his 19-year-old passenger, both
Baltimore City residents, had pulled up to the drive-through ATM at Wells Fargo
bank at 582 Frederick Road on July 22, when a green Nissan Altima pulled up
behind them, police said.

A man got out of the Nissan wearing a black ski mask and black hoodie and walked
up to the car where he pointed a handgun at the driver's face, police said.

The man with the gun demanded the driver take the keys out of the ignition and
give him the money he had withdrawn from the bank machine, his bank card and PIN
number, police said.

After telling the driver to leave, the man with the gun made a transaction,
police said.

The man is described as black with a medium build, between the ages of 23 and 35
and about 5-foot-10.

At 10 p.m. on July 21, a woman had used the drive-through Bank of America ATM at
5700 Baltimore National Pike when a man with a black face covering came between
her and the car, displayed a gun and demanded money, Batton said.

After the man took the money and fled, the woman drove away, Batton said.

On June 17, a man armed with a handgun wearing all black clothing and a ski mask
held up two people in separate incidents who were using area ATMs.

At 9:40 p.m. that day, a man came up behind a woman who was using the ATM at the
M & T Bank branch at 4656 Wilkens Ave., pointed a revolver at her and demanded
cash, police said.

After the woman said she had no money, the robber fled.

About a half hour later, at an ATM about 3.5 miles away, a man withdrawing money
from an ATM at M & T Bank branch at 5642 Baltimore National Pike in Catonsville
was approached by an armed man wearing all black and a ski mask who demanded
cash, police said.

After getting the cash, the robber fled in a white sedan, police said.

This story has been updated.

___ (c)2012 the Catonsville Times (Ellicott City, Md.) Visit the Catonsville
Times (Ellicott City, Md.) at
www.baltimoresun.com/explore/baltimorecounty/publications/catonsville-times/
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120724-1CA-Two-armed-robberies-at-Catonsville-ATMs-may-be-connected-to-two-in-
June-0724-20120724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CA


              Copyright 2012 Catonsville Times, Ellicott City, Md


                              773 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

NCAA REPORT: MONEY COUNTS IN ACADEMIC PERFORMANCE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: INDIANAPOLIS


The NCAA's latest academic progress report shows money pays off in the
classroom, not just on the playing field.

Athletic programs with the biggest budgets, such as the six BCS conferences,
scored well on the latest Academic Progress Report, released Wednesday. Those
with less money did not.

USF had three teams fall under the NCAA's threshold score of 925. Football,
which was at 921 last year, dropped to 910, and men's basketball, which was at
893 last year, rose to 898. Volleyball, at 935 last year, dropped to 914 and
fell into the bottom 10 percent among volleyball teams nationally. All three
teams fall within the "squad-size adjustment," though that cushion will not be
there next year, when the data is from a full four-year period.

Three USF teams - men's and women's golf and men's cross country - posted
perfect scores of 1,000, and softball had 995. In all, nine of USF's 17 teams
had lower scores than a year ago, but no teams face any NCAA sanctions.

Among the hardest-hit schools were those in the Hurricane Katrina region and
predominantly black colleges. Teams at historically black colleges and
universities accounted for about 13 percent of schools facing punishment for
classroom performance, and 13 of 49 schools receiving warning letters came from
Louisiana.

Prominent programs cited were Arizona's football team and the men's basketball
teams at Cincinnati and Iowa State. Florida International could lose up to nine
football scholarships.

Josh Julmiste goes to B-CC

TAMPA -- Former USF defensive end Josh Julmiste, dismissed from the Bulls in
February after numerous off-field problems, is transferring to Division I-AA
Bethune-Cookman.

B-CC confirmed Wednesday that Julmiste was expected to transfer and would have
two years of eligibility, assuming he is academically qualified to play this
fall. According to USF's registrar's office, Julmiste went from being a
full-time student to taking seven credit hours in March.

Julmiste would be the sixth USF defensive player to transfer to B-CC in the past
two years. Defensive lineman Ramon McCollough and linebackers Josh Balloon and
Ronnie McCullough played for the Wildcats last season, and twin cornerbacks
Antwane and Antonio Cox are expected to transfer there this summer.

BOWDEN IN BAY AREA: FSU coach Bobby Bowden will be part of the activities Friday
during a Booster Tour hosted by the Tampa Bay Seminole Club. The day begins with
a golf tournament at Heritage Isles at 7:30 a.m. and continues with a banquet at
the Florida Center at the Florida State Fairgrounds at 6. Visit tampanoles.com
or call (813) 283-0665.

BASEBALL: USF junior shortstop Walter Diaz is among 112 candidates for player of
the year. He is batting .377.

BASKETBALL: Coach Muffet McGraw, who guided the Notre Dame women to a 12th
straight NCAA Tournament berth, was given a two-year extension.

TENNIS: Two Florida men were selected to participate in the singles and doubles
draw of the NCAA championship. Greg Ouellette and Jesse Levine will compete in
singles and doubles. The team championship is May 17-22 in Athens, Ga.; singles
and doubles are May 23-28.

Times staff writer Greg Auman contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: COMPILED FROM TIMES STAFF, WIRES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   February 29, 2000, Tuesday, Final Edition

BRIEFLY: Embattled NFL agent begins criminal defense

BYLINE: From our news services

SOURCE: JOURNAL

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 163 words

Wearing handcuffs and leg shackles, sports agent Tank Black began the process of
trying to prove himself innocent of cheating NFL players out of millions of
dollars.

The U.S. government and Black's attorneys made their first public presentations
Monday in the criminal fraud and money laundering case in Gainesville, Fla.

In a 20-page indictment unsealed by U.S. magistrate, the government accuses
Black and four employees of defrauding several former NFL clients, including
former Florida stars Fred Taylor, Ike Hilliard, Reidel Anthony and Jacquez
Green.

The accusations nearly duplicate those levied against Black by the Securities
and Exchange Commission in a civil case filed last week. The SEC accused Black
of defrauding athletes of $ 5 million in a period of four years.

The criminal case carries a sentence of up to 25 years in jail. The judge
ordered a detention hearing Thursday and released Black in the custody of his
attorney, Peter George of Tampa.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              775 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

               October 21, 1998, Wednesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Some black churches are facing money woes, national study finds;
Business plans being encouraged

BYLINE: John Blake

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 02C

LENGTH: 653 words


More than half of the nation's black churches are experiencing serious financial
difficulties, according to a three-year study released today by Atlanta's
Interdenominational Theological Center. The study, which examined congregational
giving at 141 black churches nationwide, including Atlanta, suggests pastors of
black churches must develop more business savvy. "One of the messages being
communicated is that your preaching may be good and you may excite the
congregation on Sunday, but you really need to manage your money and be
accountable," said Walter Collier, the study's lead researcher. The findings are
particularly disconcerting because of the urgent need for leadership by black
churches in the communities they serve. "Today the black church is being
confronted with a deluge of black people in need, thanks in part to
socio-economic turmoil in urban communities, retrenchment in government
assistance to the indigent, and a reneging on affirmative action opportunities,"
the report says. The study is scheduled to be released at a 10 a.m. news
conference today on the ITC campus at the Atlanta University Center near
downtown. ITC is a consortium of six seminaries, representing six denominations,
and is the largest source for academically trained black clergy in the nation.
The study also found: About 77 percent of money taken in by black churches is
used to for basic expenses such as maintenance and programs. Black congregations
in urban areas tend to give more in offerings and tithes than their suburban
counterparts. Blacks belonging to the Church of God in Christ, Pentecostal and
Baptist denominations give more than other denominations. Although half of the
black churches reported serious financial difficulties, the study did not
identify what those specific problems were. It assumed that the churches were
operating in the red. Though Atlanta's black church scene is known for its
opulent mega-churches, such as New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in Lithonia,
the report said such successful churches are rare. Only 10 percent of black
churches had annual incomes of $ 1 million or more, the study discovered. The
Rev. Eddie Long, pastor of New Birth, wasn't surprised by the findings. "Some of
us are still running our churches in a 30-year-old mentality," he said. "That's
not going to work. There's a lot of things you have to do to keep up with the
times." Long, who majored in business administration at Morehouse College,
credits his business background for some of New Birth's success. The church
recently broke ground on a $ 40 million facility that will include a 7,700-seat
sanctuary and a stadium that will hold 30,000 people. Long also said some black
churches are hampered by pastors who are only figureheads, and by ineffective
lay leadership. "Some churches are run by boards. The pastor is not really the
lead, he's a figurehead," Long said. "That's a paralyzing factor in the market
today." Despite such advice, the study found that most black church officials
prefer to have groups, not individuals, handling financial matters. "It spreads
the decision-making and it promotes a sense of trust," Collier said, echoing the
findings of the study. "It provides a system of checks and balances,
particularly during these times when we see televangelists running away with the
money." Having a business plan is the way to go. And that's just what the Rev.
George Moore has been doing in recent years. Pastor of St. Philip AME Church in
Decatur, Moore, 62, has been attending business seminars, learning about the
Internet, and seeking help of business professionals to aid him in running the
church. His efforts seem to be working. Last Sunday, St. Philip began holding
services in a new $ 11 million sanctuary. But when his newfound business acumen
doesn't work, Moore said he relies on some old-fashioned methods to get by. "I
pray 24 hours a day," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              776 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 26, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

Pastor on Trial Shown As Devil and as Saint; 2 Portraits Emerge of Baptist
Church Leader

Michael A. Fletcher, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER, Fla., Jan. 25


To hear the prosecution tell it, the Rev. Henry J. Lyons is the embodiment of a
crooked preacher. They say he carried on affairs with several mistresses, lived
a life of luxury and paid for it with money stolen in the name of God.

Lawyers for Lyons, 56, tell another story. Not only is the president of National
Baptist Convention USA Inc. innocent, they say, but he frequently paid church
bills out of his personal checking account and did what he could to bring fiscal
order to an organization that previously had none.

"The joke in the convention has been that the president carries around the
organization in his briefcase," Grady Irvin, one of Lyons's four lawyers, said
today.

The competing portraits of Lyons emerged as prosecutors and lawyers for Lyons
and Bernice Edwards, a former convention employee on trial with the Baptist
leader, presented their opening arguments in criminal court here. Lyons and
Edwards are charged with grand theft and racketeering in connection with an
alleged plan to steal more than $ 4 million from businesses that wanted to sell
life insurance, credit cards and burial services to members of the National
Baptist Convention, the nation's largest black religious organization.

Lawyers said they expect the trial to last at least three weeks. If convicted,
Lyons, a St. Petersburg minister who since 1994 has headed an organization that
claims the allegiance of 8.5 million black Baptists, could face up to nine years
in prison, according to state sentencing guidelines. In addition, this spring he
is scheduled for a federal trial on charges of tax evasion, extortion, money
laundering and fraud.

Lyons, surrounded at the defense table by his lawyers and dressed in a dark blue
suit, looked on impassively as prosecutors told the jury that he led "two
totally different lives." One was that of the fatherly preacher dispensing
advice, performing weddings and funerals and preaching at revivals, said
prosecutor Robert Lewis.

But the "hidden" Lyons, Lewis said, used his post as one of the nation's top
religious leaders to shake down and defraud corporations, embark on several
extramarital affairs and solicit and steal money intended for charitable causes.
That side of Lyons did not come into public view until July 1997, after his
wife, Deborah, was charged with arson after setting fire to a $ 700,000
waterfront home that Lyons owned with Edwards.

Prosecutors allege that Lyons paid for such luxuries -- which also included
cars, jewelry and a Lake Tahoe time-share -- with money stolen in the name of
his church. For instance, Lewis said, Lyons received a $ 225,000 payment from
the Anti-Defamation League that was intended to go to black churches damaged in
a suspicious series of fires several years ago. Lewis said that after Lyons
pocketed the first donation he called the ADL to solicit another.

Prosecutors also said that Lyons sought out corporations so he could sell them
membership lists that were concocted because a real one did not exist.

But defense lawyers argued that corporations actively solicited Lyons's
"endorsement," knowing that it would make it easier for them to market to black
consumers. Moreover, they said, corporations continued to do business with
Lyons, who one firm referred to as "the black pope," after they allegedly had
been victimized.

"There are victims that do not act like victims throughout this case," said Paul
Sisco, Edwards's attorney.

One point on which both sides agreed is that the absolute control that Lyons
exercised over the denomination's finances was in keeping with a long tradition
of the group. "The National Baptist Convention is very loosely organized. In
fact the word disorganized may come to mind," Lewis said.

In his statement, Irvin said that as convention president, Lyons routinely
mingled his money with convention funds. That practice is one of several
"cultural differences" Irvin asked the all-white jury to recognize.

"The customs, the practices, the traditions of the National Baptist Convention
allowed him to do what he did," Irvin said. "He did the best that he could
[although] he may have made some mistakes." The Rev. Henry J. Lyons and his
wife, Deborah, approach courthouse.


NAME: REV. HENRY J. LYONS

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PH,,AP/CHRIS O'MEARA

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              777 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

Armed robber hits convenience stores in two counties

BYLINE: David Singleton, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Oct. 28--Three armed robberies at convenience stores in Lackawanna and
Susquehanna counties during a two-hour span Wednesday morning apparently were
carried out by the same person, police said.

After each holdup, the masked suspect fled in a black Honda apparently driven by
an accomplice, authorities said. There were no injuries in any of the robberies.

The gunman was described as a white man, about 5 feet, 8 inches tall and 150
pounds, wearing a black ski mask. According to state police, he was dressed in a
black hooded sweatshirt over an untucked white button-down shirt and khaki
pants. At least one store clerk told police the sweatshirt had "FOX" printed on
the front.

"It has to be the same guy," Old Forge Police Chief Larry Semenza said. "The
clothing matches exactly."

The spree started at the Convenient Food Mart on Route 374 in Lenox Twp., where
a man wearing a black ski mask entered about 1:50 a.m., brandished a revolver
and demanded money, state police at Gibson said. The suspect left when the clerk
refused to turn over cash.

About 40 minutes later, around 2:30, a masked man entered the Turkey Hill Minit
Mart at 193 Main St. in Old Forge, borough police said. When the clerk asked him
to remove the mask, the suspect took out a black revolver and demanded money.
The clerk handed over cash from the register and the man fled.

The final holdup happened at 3:48 a.m. at the Turkey Hill at 925 Main St. in
Dickson City.

"It was pretty much the same as everybody else," borough Police Chief William
Bilinski said.

Chief Bilinski said a man wearing a black ski mask walked into the store,
displayed a weapon and demanded money before fleeing with a small amount of
cash.

State police said the getaway vehicle is believed to be a black Honda Civic
coupe, possibly bearing New Jersey tags. The vehicle was equipped with a large
canister-style muffler on the passenger side and may have lettering on the top
of the rear window.

Anyone with information is asked to contact state police at 465-3154, Old Forge
police at 457-7441, Dickson City police at 489-3231 or call 911.

Contact the writer: dsingleton@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20101028-YT-Armed-robber-hits-convenience-stores-in-two-counties-1028-20101028

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              778 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                            August 27, 2011 Saturday

Police arrest Pasadena teen after dispute gets violent

SECTION: Pg. A2

LENGTH: 600  words


County police have charged a 16-year-old boy with stabbing a man Thursday
afternoon during a fight in the Lake Shore neighborhood.

Officers were called to the 4600 block of Our Place about 3:40 p.m. where a
20-year-old man told them he and the teenager had gotten into an argument.

The argument turned into a fight, and police said the teen pulled out a knife
and stabbed the older man. Police found the teenager near his home and arrested
him.

He was charged as a juvenile with assault and reckless endangerment. The victim
was treated for his injuries at Baltimore Washington Medical Center and
released.

Exxon robbed

County police a looking for a gunman who robbed a gas station on Mountain Road
Thursday morning.

A clerk at the Exxon in the 4400 block of Mountain Road told police that, at
about 10:30 a.m., a man walked into the store, displayed a handgun and demanded
money. The robber then took an undisclosed amount of cash from the register
along with several packs of cigarettes and then fled.

He was described as white, in his 40s, about 5 feet 6 inches tall with a thin
build and black and gray hair, wearing dark clothing.

brooklyn park

Cab driver robbed

Police are looking for two teenagers who attacked and robbed a cab driver early
Friday morning as he sat in his car.

The 47-year-old driver told police he was parked in the 5100 block of Ritchie
Highway at 3:48 a.m. in Brooklyn Park with the window open. He said he was
struck in the head with an unknown, hard object.

The driver said he spotted two teenagers standing near the driver side door of
his vehicle. One demanded money, reached into the victim's shirt pocket through
the window and took an undisclosed amount of cash.

The teenagers ran toward Brookwood Road. Officers canvassed the vicinity, but
were unable to locate the robbers.

Both boys were in their late teens. One was black with a dark complexion, slim
build and short hair, wearing a black T-shirt and blue shorts. The other was
white with "messy" brown hair and a slim build, wearing a white T-shirt and
dark-colored shorts.

GLEN BURNIE

Store held up

County police said they are looking for two men who robbed a Glen Burnie
convenience store early Thursday morning.

At 1:44 a.m. police were called to the Royal Farm store in the 7200 block of
Baltimore-Annapolis Boulevard for a reported armed robbery.

The clerk told them two men came into the store and approached the counter. One
of the men bought something, and the second pulled a handgun and demanded money.

The suspect took cash from the register and some cigarettes and ran from the
store with the second suspect. Several officers, a K-9 unit and helicopter
searched the area but did not find the suspects.

The first suspect is white, in his early 30s, 5 feet 8 inches tall, unshaven
with a mustache. He was wearing a white T-shirt with black markings, jeans, a
black ball cap and shoes.

The second suspect also is white and of the same age. He was wearing a tan
button-down shirt, tan camouflage shorts, white shoes and an Army green hat on
top of a bandana.

SEVERN

Store robbed

A gunman robbed a Severn drugstore early Thursday morning, county police said.

A man armed with a handgun walked into the CVS store in the 2600 block of
Annapolis Road just after 4 a.m. and told the clerk to open the cash registers.

He took money from the registers and ran out of the store.

The robber is an African-American man with a heavy build and a dark tattoo on
his left arm. He wore a scarf over his face, blue jeans, gray New Balance shoes,
a blue American Eagle T-shirt and a black ball cap.

---

Compiled by E. B. Furgurson III and Rick Hutzell.

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 26, 1987, Sunday, City Edition

Just how many wealthy black athletes have hired blacks to be their agents?

SECTION: SPORTS; Letters; Pg. 13C

LENGTH: 560 words



Editor: It is difficult to understand why wealthy black athletes    such as
Reggie Jackson proclaim that wealthy white owners of baseball    teams fail to
hire blacks to help them manage their teams and thus    their money, while, at
the same time, wealthy black athletes such as Bo    Jackson consistently refuse
to hire black agents (managers) to help    them manage their money. It would be
most interesting to learn just how    many wealthy black baseball or football
players retain black agents,    and how many retain white agents. Unfortunately
we never hear the rest    of the story. I submit that in some ways we have a
racist media that    coddles the blacks.

 Ralph B. Strickland St. Petersburg

 Stadium, pro baseball will add spark to city



      Editor: I, and I believe many others, voted for a mayoral change
because it is time St. Petersburg put some twinkle in her toes. This is    the
silent majority, choosing to voice opinion by what we believe to be    a proper
method of doing so, and it most positively includes the    subject of the
building and support of our stadium.

     I am looking forward to attending events in that stadium, and I am    most
hopeful that the events include major-league baseball games. St.    Petersburg
has a rich baseball-related history now, without such    benefit, and the
baseball commissioner would be fair and wise to credit    us for that.

     Support should also come from the eastern side of Tampa Bay, since    many
who work there find their homes and/or recreational happiness in    Pinellas
County. There have, however, been words and actions against a    unified central
Florida effort. Perhaps these come from some of those    who have to work and
live in Tampa, from whom a bitter attitude would    be easier to understand.

 Jim Slocum St. Petersburg

 Anti-baseball talk dismays this supporter



      Editor: I am currently involved with the effort to bring    major-league
baseball to St. Petersburg. Something that has astonished    me is what I
perceive to be a negative reaction by some people to this    community cause. I
can understand how the stadium could still be an    issue, although I personally
support it. Why citizens would not support    the acquisition of a major-league
team seems inconsistent. These people    must realize that a major-league team
is a tremendous economic stimulus    as well as a key element in the earliest
success of the stadium. Why be    negative about something so beneficial to all
and that does not cost    the citizen anything to pursue. I know that I am
speaking about a    select few, but I want the entire Tampa Bay area to be
excited about    major-league baseball.

 David P. Feaster St. Petersburg

 Gibson too brittle to play pro football



      Editor: The fellow who approached (Detroit Tiger) Kirk Gibson    about
playing football for the L.A. Raiders must not have been doing    his homework
too well. Gibson has not played a full season of baseball    (162) games in the
past three or four seasons because of injuries.

 Frank "Chet" Chetoka Clearwater

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                            Times Publishing Company


                              780 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             April 27, 2007 Friday

Film & Music: Rock & pop: Oprah's worst enemies: Rappers Clipse take their
inspiration from their previous career as crack dealers. Those were the good old
days, they tell Edward Helmore

BYLINE: Edward Helmore

SECTION: GUARDIAN FILM AND MUSIC PAGES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1085 words


'I don't like hip-hop no more," says Pusha T, half of the rap duo Clipse. "And I
don't like the music business." It's a common enough complaint from musicians,
but it usually comes from callow youths who have never worked a day in their
life. Clipse have worked, and their former working lives are the subject of most
of their music. Clipse, you see, used to sell crack.

Pusha T, however, is still griping about his current workplace. "No ethics, no
code, no morals," he says. "It's worse than drug dealing. No one works on
principles. At least in the crack trade, there's a code of honour. The music
business is the worst. You turn into a number as soon as you sign the papers."

Clipse is two brothers from Virginia Beach, Virginia: Terrence (Pusha T) and his
elder brother Gene Thornton (Malice). Their third album, Hell Hath No Fury, was
released last year to huge acclaim, both for its adventurous production and its
hard-bitten lyrics about the life of the jobbing drug dealer. It was one of the
forefront albums of a genre that has come to be known as "trap-hop" (a trap
being a dealer's spot). But while Clipse are poets of the street to their
admirers, finding a truth and humanity in the bravado and paranoia of the
dealers ("Yes it pains me to see them needness/ All of them lost souls and I'm
their Jesus," runs one of their lyrics), to their critics they are a reductio ad
absurdum of the black urban experience, perpetuating tired stereotypes: after
all, the vast majority of young black men in the US don't become crack dealers.

Pusha T's appearance at our interview, in the Four Seasons hotel in Washington
DC, suggests he is happy enough with some of the stereotypes of hip-hop. At one
hand he has a briefcase containing a Glock handgun; at the other he has a
knapsack containing a platinum necklace studded with large, clear diamonds and
matching earrings, and a big pendant in the elongated shield of the Clipse logo.
"I got everything I need right here," he says. "My protection and my bling."

Things being what they are in rap, what looks like machismo accessorising is
often just good business practice. Two weeks ago, their tour bus was shot up
after a show in Jackson, Mississippi, after a carload of men tried to board it
at a stoplight. When the driver wouldn't let them on, they followed the bus and
opened fire.

The Thornton brothers were raised in good homes, and made it partway through
university. The street life was their choice. "We didn't do it 'cause we had to
- we come from a good home," says Malice. "We did it 'cause we wanted to be
flyest and freshest and, you know, the sharpest."

"And it's the best way to get the hos," adds Pusha T, who has been chopping salt
on the table with a knife, cutting, sweeping and recutting until it's a fine
powder. "The hos, Oprah, the hos . . ."

Because girls love coke? "Actually, no," Pusha T corrects. "Because girls love
money."

"It's never been about coke," says Malice. "It's always about the money. I could
be selling bottle caps and get money. 'Cause money is what it's about."

Maybe that's why they're disenchanted with the music industry. Because it
hasn't, perhaps, delivered the riches they might have expected. Clipse have been
working for 15 years, but in that time have recorded only three albums, all
produced by their mentor, Pharrell Williams of the Neptunes production team.
They have been stymied by record-company politics: their first album was never
released, and there was a four-year gap - an eternity in hip-hop terms - between
their smash-hit second album Lord Willin' and Hell Hath No Fury. Rapping about
the street, laced with wit and humour - "The black Martha Stewart/ Let me show
you how to do/ Break pies to pieces/ Make cocaine quiches/ Money piles high as
my nieces!" - brought plaudits, but Hall Hath No Fury has sold barely a third as
many copies as its predecessor. "We're happy with our product 100%," offers
Malice. "There's not much we can do about sales."

But record sales aren't their only worry. Bringing up "Oprah" is not completely
random: the talk-show queen has just launched a campaign to rein in rappers in
the aftermath of a controversy that saw white radio host Don Imus sacked after
calling the members of a black women's championship volleyball team
"nappy-headed hos" on air.

Imus's defence was that his words were mild compared to what one could hear on a
hip-hop record. Why, he asked, was he being hounded for saying things for which
black people are regularly given a pass. Oprah duly called on rappers to abandon
bad language and called on civic leaders to help her in the effort. She has been
joined by Russell Simmons, the founder of hip-hop's most storied label, Def Jam,
who has called for the words "bitch", "ho" and "nigger" to be treated as
"extreme curse words" and bleeped on hip-hop records.

Clipse find Oprah's campaign self-serving. It is illogical, they say, to treat
them the same as a highly paid, loud-mouth white radio shock jock. Unlike Imus,
they say, they don't use those words to describe women who are seeking an
education, like the basketball players, but about the people who would buy the
crack from them. Those who take offence at hip-hop lyrics, they claim, simply
have different tastes. "We all like to be entertained," says Pusha T, "but it
stands to reason that you, me and Oprah aren't all gonna like the same thing."
To Malice, it is simpler even than that: "Blacks, especially young blacks, are
able to make a lot of money from rap, and they don't like that at all," he says.
"Not at all. Why would they?"

So are Clipse the ultimate cynics, making money from misery? Well, maybe not.
Last week, the brothers issued a statement after the Virginia Tech massacre,
saying: "We must come together as a community to be strong for students and
families whose lives were lost." More to the point, perhaps, part of the
proceeds from their current tour go to victims of Hurricane Katrina. Malice may
maintain "it's always about the money", but his brother disagrees: "It's all
about artistry," he says. "And we got into this thing to change the game."

Clipse play Nottingham Rescue Rooms on June 15, then tour.

Bjork says. . .

I've always listened to hip-hop. Not tons, it's not been a way of life for me,
but I'm of a generation where Public Enemy changed my life. What I like most is
the love of rhythm; though I don't think I've ever used those rhythms, I think
it would just be wrong. Right now, Clipse have some freshness. It's the
emotional aspect that attracts me.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 April 13, 1997, Sunday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SERVING THE CHILDREN, BUT AT WHAT COST?;
PROGRAM OPENS DOOR TO SOME, ISOLATES OTHERS

BYLINE: Samuel Autman; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 1224 words


No one disputes that magnet schools are the star pupils of the St. Louis
desegregation program. Magnet students outperform counterparts at non-magnet
schools. Magnet schools have nicer facilities. And they are attracting a
racially diverse student body at a record clip.

But most children who apply to magnet schools don't get in. And critics say
magnet schools in St. Louis and elsewhere, while designed to reduce racial
isolation, are creating economic isolation.

(The THREE STAR edition ran the previous sentence as follows:)

And critics wonder if a system designed to reduce isolation is creating a new
version of haves and have-nots.

(end THREE STAR version)

"The schools are stratified by income, education and family status," says a new
study, by the Citizens' Commission on Civil Rights, based in Washington. "The
effects of this type of segregation may ultimately be as damaging to the future
of public education as racial segregation was."

The study chided magnet schools in St. Louis, Nashville and Cincinnati for
creating programs that are so desirable that they often shut out poor children
whose parents may not know about the magnet option. Alvin Thornton, professor of
political science at Howard University and a school board member in Prince
George's County, Md., has seen dozens of upper-income blacks and whites
clamoring to get into magnet schools.

(The EARLY FIVE STAR edition ran the previous paragraph as follows:)

The study chided magnet schools in St. Louis, Nashville and Cincinnati for
isolating poor children and widening the gap between those with money and
education and those without.

Alvin Thornton, professor . . .)

(end E5 version)

Because that magnet system is a combination lottery and first-come,
first-served, people have stood in line all night with sleeping bags. Only the
upwardly mobile have the resources and time to do so, he said, leaving
low-income students victims of a splintered system.

"If you circle your wagons around those kids who are lucky enough to get into
magnet programs and really make those schools the best, you are creating
enclaves of excellence," Thornton said. "It is class stratification with a
racial face on it."

His district mirrors St. Louis in its magnet schools, racial composition - and
shortage of magnet-school slots.

Before St. Louis had a lottery system to determine who gets into the magnets,
parents stood in line for up to two days. Even with its lottery system, dozens
of students find themselves on waiting lists. The hard truth? Most people who
apply won't get in.

The magnet program here is not perfect, said Gene Uram, director of the
district's desegregation monitoring office.

For instance, it's more difficult for white students wanting to transfer to a
magnet school because there are fewer slots for them. Under the court order, 55
percent of the magnet slots go to black students.

"Black children have the option to transfer out of the city into the county
schools, and there are the magnet schools," he said. "If any group gets
shortchanged it is the integrated (non-magnet) schools."

Corrine Yu, director of the commission that did the magnet school study, noted
that magnet schools are not the total solution. Rather, she said, they are an
important component in helping St. Louis area schools maintain the court-ordered
desegregation plan.

The study by Yu's group said magnet schools gave low-income and black students
options they did not previously have.

And, the study added, economic isolation could be minimized if the district
notified all parents of their options, built more magnets in poor areas and
expanded the voluntary interdistrict program.

Magnet Enrollment Tripled

St. Louis has 26 magnets, schools with special focuses such as math, science or
the performing arts. Magnet schools have more money and teachers than regular
schools.

Next year, the district will allow the magnet population to swell to almost
14,500 from about 12,400 - the largest enrollment ever. That is the target
enrollment as mandated by the courts.

Of the 41,000 students in the St. Louis Public Schools, 12,399 are attending
magnet schools. Those magnet schools are 58 percent black and 42 percent white.
Next year the district is projecting an enrollment of 14,470 magnet school
students.

Between 1983 and 1993, the number of students in magnet schools in the United
States tripled, to nearly 1.2 million from fewer than 400,000. These students
are enrolled in more than 2,500 schools that are entirely magnet, and 3,200
"magnet programs" in more than 230 school districts.

The success of St. Louis' magnet schools is no secret. For each of the last
three years, nearly 7,500 students applied. Only a few thousand are admitted
yearly.

'More To Offer Me'

Paul Anderson has three children attending city magnet schools: two at McKinley
Classical Junior Academy and one at Metro High Academic and Classical High
School.

But for the magnet schools, Anderson's children would be at private school.

"Many city residents have expressed that opinion to me," he said. "I am not an
elitist who feels that my children deserve an elite education. It's a shame that
all the schools are not of the same quality."

Florissant resident Pam Siemer loves the magnet schools. Two of her four
children attend them.

Her daughter, Maggie, is completing her second year at Carr Lane Visual &
Performing Arts Middle School, 1004 North Jefferson Avenue. The 14-year-old is
eighth on the waiting list for Metro for the fall. Metro is the city's premier
magnet college prep school.

If Maggie can't get in, she will go to Rosati-Kain High School, a Catholic
all-girls school. But she prefers Metro, which recently moved into a new $ 8
million building. "They just have more to offer me," she said.

Jeanette Riley is a parent who works part time as a phone counselor, advising
parents who have questions about magnet schools. She has four children in magnet
schools. Through "sibling preference," children have an easier time getting in a
magnet school if a brother or sister goes there.

Riley said her children were bored in the regular schools. In the magnet program
they are working at or above their level.

Susan Turk's son, Joshua, of St. Louis, was admitted to a magnet school earlier
this academic year - but not the magnet school they wanted.

So, she decided to let him remain at Mason Elementary, a non-magnet school,
until he can get in the magnet school she prefers.

Doris Westfall was left more frustrated by the magnet school program. A few
years ago her family lived by Mullanphy Investigative Learning Center, a magnet
school on Shaw Boulevard and near the Missouri Botanical Garden.

After calling the school and being told chances were next to nothing for her son
Christopher, 9, to get in, the Westfalls decided to move to St. Charles. She is
happy with the year-round school her son now attends in the Francis Howell
district.

"I really liked living in the city, but my major concern was the education of my
son," she said. "That was the major reason we moved. I am very torn because I
loved the city. If people like me and my husband leave the city, we are
contributing to the problem. What do you do? Leave your child in to make a
social statement?"

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC, (1) Color Photo by Wendi Fitzgerald/Post-Dispatch -
Minh Pho, 11, concentrates on his computer studies last week at Compton-Drew
Investigative Learning Center in St. Louis.
 (2) Photo by Wendi Fitzgerald/Post-Dispatch - Students Nathan Davis (front),
Sarah Ullrich (center) and Angela Leija (rear) attend a sixth-grade literature
class Thursday at Compton-Drew Investigative Learning Center.
 (3) Photo by Wendi Fitzgerald/Post-Dispatch - The stairwell of Compton-Drew
Investigative Learning Center at 5130 Oakland Avenue. About 14,000 students are
enrolled in the district's 26 magnet schools. Compton is the newest, cost $ 9
million.

 (4) Graphic Chart - (Three part chart on statistics for Magnet Schools)
 Proportion Of St. Louis School Students Attending Magnet Schools
 41,000 Total
 12,399 Magnet Students
 Racial Makeup Of Magnet School Students In St. Louis
 42% White
 58% Black
 Growth In Magnet School Attendance, Nationwide
 1983 - 400,000
 1993 - 1.2 million

 (5) Graphic Chart/Illustration by Dave Gray Of the Post-Dispatch staff - Magnet
schools - who pays?
 Source: Missouri Dept. of Elementary and Secondary Education, Desegregation
Services Section, St. Louis Public Schools
 St. Louis' two dozen magnet schools were designed to reduce racial isolation
and create opportunity for black students. Each one has a special focus, such as
math or performing arts. Magnet schools get more money for teachers and special
programs - about $ 2,000 more per student by some estimates.
 By court order, the magnet schools must stay within five percentage points of
their target racial balance - 55% black, 45% white.
 Here's how it works - and who pays the bills. (Graphic illustrates and
describes City and County students' paths for entering either city, magnet or
county schools)

 City students - All students from the city can choose to go to a city school or
apply for admittance to a magnet school. Black students also have the option of
going to a school in the county.
 City school
 When a child from the city goes to a school in the city, whether it's a magnet
school or not, the money comes from federal, state and local sources.
 Who pays: Federal, state and local sources
 Who gets the money: St. Louis Public Schools
 Magnet school
 The city children who attend the magnet schools are chosen by lottery. The
extra money it costs to run the magnet school also comes from federal, state and
local sources.
 Who pays: Federal, state and local sources
 Who gets the money: St. Louis Public Schools
 County school
 When a child from the city goes to a school in the county, the state pays the
county school district for the child's education and transportation. It also
pays city schools 50 percent of the state aid that would have been received for
the child's education.
 Who pays: The state
 Who gets the money: The county school gets some, the city schools get some

 County students - County children from predominantly white districts must be
white in order to apply to magnet schools.
 Magnet school
 The county child's transportation and tuition at the magnet school are paid for
by the state. The state also pays 50 percent of the amount the county school
would have received in state aid had the child stayed in the county. This is
called a "phantom" payment.
 Who pays: The state
 Who gets the money: St. Louis Public Schools gets some, the county school gets
some.

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              782 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 24, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

'Mr. Powell, History Is on Line One'; For the General, It's Now or Never

Juan Williams

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1644 words


THE POLITICAL drumbeat for Colin Powell to share the Republican ticket headed by
Bob Dole grows louder and louder. Current polls show consistently that only with
Powell as his running mate does Dole beat Clinton-Gore.

But in the wider realms of U.S. political history and the long struggle of black
Americans to gain access to political power as full and equal citizens of the
nation, there is an ever more insistent question about Powell that demands
reply:

Why is the first black American with the chance to win the White House turning
his back on the unique opportunity to take the levers of power?

"Never has there been an African American with a legitimate chance to win
election to the White House as president or vice president," says John Hope
Franklin, the Duke University historian and author of "From Slavery to Freedom."
"I can only think of African-American vice presidential nominees on some minor
communist party tickets."

Ron Lester, a Democratic pollster, notes, "There have been two black senators in
this century [Edward Brooke and Carol Moseley-Braun] and no black nominees for
vice president and definitely not president. He [Powell] is unique in that his
numbers are better among whites than among blacks. No black American has been
given this kind of credibility in the history of the country."

"He has this rich moment," says Larry Sabato, professor of government at the
University of Virginia, "and yet he refuses to run. Win or lose, he could move
the nation forward in so many ways but especially on race relations .  .  . .
When [Douglas] Wilder became the first black governor of Virginia it changed
this state for the better forever. There were white people who thought the
columns on the statehouse would collapse with a black in there."

"Just as it took Nixon to open the door to China, I think we have to have a
conservative black American who made his reputation outside the traditional
black movement to open the doors for serious consideration of a black person for
president or vice president," says Michael Dawson, associate professor of
political science at the University of Chicago. "The one man who fits the
description in all of American history is Colin Powell."

So why doesn't Powell run?

In white America a similar question has been asked of reluctant candidates, such
as former New York governor Mario Cuomo and Sen. Bill Bradley (D-N.J.). Is it
part of the problem of talented, thoughtful people turning away from politics?
Is it because raising the money necessary to run a campaign has become such a
tawdry exercise? Could it be that demagogues dominate a polarized political
atmosphere where little if anything is really done to improve life for America's
people?

None of those questions should plague Powell. When he was considering a run for
president, it was clear that big donors were in place to support his campaign
financially, and as a nominated vice-presidential candidate he would not have to
do the retail money-raising so many people find objectionable. During his
campaign-like book tour, much of his attraction to the electorate was in his
straight-shooting approach and lack of demagoguery. Powell was himself and
people found him without pretense, in a word, "sincere."

Powell's private explanations for declining the gold ring of American political
life have ranged from a distaste for bare-fisted political fights to a strong
desire to earn big money. Most dramatically there are reports that his wife
fears that bitter whites who don't want a black man to hold the reins of power
would target him for assassination. But on examination, these explanations are
as weak as they are widely repeated.

The money issue is bogus now, after Powell's best-selling autobiography and his
still-packed speech calendar -- at $ 60,000 per appearance -- have made him a
wealthy man by anyone's measure. Powell is no longer concerned about a nice home
for a loving wife who had to move around endlessly as the spouse of a military
man. He is entrenched in a McLean mansion. At this point the best that can be
said of his dollar-chase is that he is stockpiling inheritance for his
grandchildren.

The question of his personal safety is very real, but Powell, a man who rescued
colleagues from a crashed helicopter in Vietnam and signed up for a second tour
during the war, is no coward. And more pointedly: Are all American minorities
and women to forswear high public office for fear of crazed white assassins?
Martin Luther King Jr. didn't quit the Montgomery bus boycott after a
jerry-rigged bomb exploded under his porch.

The real question, then, is whether Powell feels the heat of desire necessary to
keep going, day after day, in the very nasty, high-stakes game of ultimate
politics -- a campaign for the White House. This is a game that is dirty even if
you are a white male. And for a black man it would undoubtedly be downright
wretched, even a black man who is a moderate, four-star general.

"Going negative on [a black person] is a little bit different than going
negative on white candidates and I doubt seriously they would hold back in any
way when they could say, 'It's just politics, not race,' " said John Hope
Franklin.

Powell would find himself in a firefight with threats coming not only from
outright racists but also from blacks who view him as a "Tom" for being
Republican and a devotee of Ronald Reagan. Pat Buchanan and his far right and
angry followers would be certain to attack Powell for not being 100 percent
opposed to abortion and for daring to say that the poor, regardless of race,
deserve some affirmative action. Merle Black, the Emory University political
scientist, contends that if Dole selects Powell it would cause trauma for the
GOP, with Buchanan possibly bolting the party.

Meanwhile, Bill Clinton-type white Democrats would surely take aim at Powell
too, over such issues as his strong opposition to gays in the military, his role
in Iran-contra, as well as his opposition to race-based affirmative action and
statements against federal money being spent on abortions. They would cast him
as a member of the party of the rich that wants to cut your Medicare and ruin
the environment.

Yes, Powell would be a big target and splattered with mud before it was all
over.

But the force of history would be with him, offering him a once-in-a-lifetime
chance to transcend not only the snake pit of race relations but the pettiness
that now passes for American political debate.

Three key factors combine to produce this unique opening for Powell. First,
there is the obvious energy that would come from a majority of white voters
saying for the first time they favor a black candidate for president or vice
president. Observers see different motivations behind that support, but few
would question its existence.

"What's happening is white people are trying to find something to give them
release for their bigotry and racism," argues a cynical Franklin (who would
personally favor Powell taking on a presidential campaign). "They're saying we
can assuage our sins by selecting this man."

Emory University's Black puts it differently: "Very few people are opposed to
Powell, black or white. I think it's the military background, his experience as
a successful leader, and the way he expresses himself in public. He does not
appear to whites to threaten their values or ideas."

However it is interpreted, Powell's positive relationship with white voters
would stir deep pride in a nation shaken by demagogic racial leaders such as
Buchanan and Louis Farrakhan, persistent questions of ethical corruption in the
White House and outright greed among corporate leaders. In that atmosphere,
Powell is easily positioned as the nation's good son, a personification of
America and its future. That's a wonderful set of armor to wear into political
battle.

Second, Powell as the outsider, the reluctant candidate and good soldier who is
serving his country despite his misgivings about the sordid aspects of political
life, would be propelled forward by the force field that swirls around any
non-politician these days. Polls indicate that voters see him as a man of high
character and trustworthiness. Powell could present himself to the nation as a
man offering simple, direct integrity in place of political gamesmanship. The
direct approach (remember his promise to "cut it off and kill it" in reference
to Saddam Hussein's Republican Guard) has long been Powell's charm in the puzzle
palace of Washington. That approach would be a magnet for independent voters
who've lost faith in the system.

And third, Powell, as the immigrant child in a nation experiencing rapid
infusions of immigrants, would stand as a symbol of the new America approaching
the next century -- multi-racial, multi-cultural and joined in common cause.

This combination should eclipse any issue over Powell's lack of "fire in the
belly." Black argues that Powell likes a "sure thing," and in politics there is
no sure thing. Such an idea, if Powell really holds it, sounds at this point
like self-indulgence and vanity. It is a minor tug compared to the gravitational
pull of history that is reaching out for Powell.

If Powell does not answer the call and remains secluded as an honored speaking
guest among corporate elites and in his castle in McLean, history will not
forgive him. He will suffer the awful damnation visited on those who waste the
rare chance to create a better future for their country -- and especially for
those who squander the chance to break the bonds of racial divisions. Being the
hero of the Gulf War and a political tease-show will not keep Powell out front
for long. But his epitaph as a man who wasted his potential will endure forever.

Juan Williams writes frequently for Outlook on politics.


LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, rob shepperson for The Washington Post

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              783 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                       March 5, 2000 Sunday Final Edition

Barry good, Kings

SOURCE: News Services

SECTION: Sports; NBA Notebook; Pg. A71

LENGTH: 286 words

Chris Webber scored 31 points and Jon Barry hit two three-pointers in overtime
to lead the visiting Sacramento Kings to a 108-103 victory over the San Antonio
Spurs on Saturday.

Barry scored eight points in the extra period for the Kings, who won for the
second time in their last seven.

Tim Duncan returned after a four-game absence with a lower abdominal strain to
score 22 points and 15 rebounds for the Spurs, his 140th career double-double.

BLACK OUT

Sports agent Tank Black pleaded not guilty to criminal fraud and money
-laundering charges Friday, then left the Gainesville, Fla., courthouse free on
$1-million-US bond.

One of Black's few remaining big-name clients, Toronto Raptors star Vince
Carter, "suspended" his relationship with Black, pending the outcome of the
trial. If convicted, Black could be sentenced to 25 years in jail.

HUG FOR KUKOC

Toni Kukoc, returning to Chicago less than three weeks after he was traded to
Philadelphia, scored 11 points and had five assists and rebounds in 32 minutes
as his new team beat his old team 95-84.

When the game ended, Kukoc and Randy Brown, his closest friend on the Bulls,
hugged at half-court.

STARKS' REALITY

John Starks is staying in Chicago, for now.

Arbitrator Kenneth Dam said he didn't have the jurisdiction to rule on Starks'
unusual request to leave the Bulls and join a playoff contender.

Starks offered to forfeit the rest of his $4-million salary if the Bulls would
waive him, clearing the way for him to sign with a playoff contender.

The case now likely will go to a grievance arbitrator.

RUDY-MENTARY

Rudy Tomjanovich, coach of the Houston Rockets, has received a four-year
contract extension.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: AP; Sacramento Kings centre Scot Pollard (right) stops San
Antonio Spurs centre David Robinson on Saturday.

TYPE: Sports; Column

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Black's lawyers want wife out of trial

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, CanWestNews Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO -- Conrad Black's lawyers say his wife Barbara Amiel-Black is "a
lightning rod of controversy," and if evidence about her spending habits is
introduced in his criminal fraud trial it "threatens the return of a verdict for
the wrong reasons."

"Injecting Mrs. Black into the trial would be unnecessary to any real issue in
this case, and would result in a circus-like sideshow," Black's lawyers said in
a document filed yesterday in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District
of Illinois.

Jury selection for the trial is set to begin March 14 in Chicago.

U.S. prosecutors claim Black received company money for personal expenses
related to his wife's shopping excursions, including nearly $2,500 US for
handbags and $24,950 for "summer drinks."

Amiel-Black, who once said to a U.S. fashion magazine that she has "an
extravagance that knows no bounds," is featured prominently, and unflatteringly,
in a book by British author Tom Bower published late last year.

Black's court filing cites Bower's book as evidence that she could be a viewed
as a controversial figure in his criminal trial.

"The defendant in this case is Conrad M. Black, not his wife, Barbara Amiel-
Black," the document states, adding that prosecutors have failed to produce
"sufficient proof" that Black knew about her shopping expenses.

Black's lawyers have already asked Judge Amy St. Eve, who will preside over the
trial, to insist that prosecutors and their witnesses refrain from making
"improper appeals or references to class bias, including any and all
inappropriate comments about wealth and tastes of Mr. Black and his wife."

The legal papers filed this week were in response to a document filed by U.S.
attorney Patrick J. Fitzgerald Jan. 8 in which the prosecutor sought to admit
new evidence of Black's behavior.

U.S. law permits evidence of "other crimes, wrongs, or acts" that is not part of
an indictment to be introduced if it is "inextricably intertwined" with the
alleged criminal acts.

The new evidence -- including some provided by his former right-hand man David
Radler, who pleaded guilty to reduced charges and is expected to be a star
witness against Black -- is intended to "complete the story of the crime" for a
jury, Fitzgerald said in the court filing.

Black faces charges of fraud, racketeering, money-laundering and obstruction of
justice.

In an indictment in late 2005, prosecutors alleged Black and other former
executives of Hollinger International Inc. diverted more than $80 million in
bonuses to themselves disguised as non-compete payments linked to newspaper
sales. Black is also accused of abusing company perks while at the helm of
Hollinger, including using a corporate jet to fly him and his wife to the French
Polynesian island of Bora Bora for a vacation.

None of the allegations has been proven in court.

U.S. prosecutors are seeking to enter new allegations at trial to demonstrate
Black's "consistent belief that (Hollinger) International's money belonged to
him."

Among the prosecutor's claims is that Black and other former Hollinger
executives engaged in insider trading in 1998 with the help of Brascan Corp. to
prop up Hollinger's share price.

The U.S. attorney also alleges that Black breached stock market regulations by
posting an anonymous message about his company's stock price on a Yahoo Internet
message board. Black allegedly used the name "enspector," and posted the message
after berating in writing another executive for refusing to do it, the
prosecutor claims.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Amiel-Black: lightning rod of controversy ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Civilian Army Police Officer Pleads Guilty To Armed Bank Robbery

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Maryland has
issued the following news release:



  Alan Kemp, age 38, of District Heights, Maryland, pleaded guilty today to
armed bank robbery and to using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
Kemp was employed as a civilian police officer by the Department of the Army at
Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia, at the time of the crime.









 The guilty plea was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Gordon B. Johnson of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Baltimore Field Office; and Chief Gary Gardner
of the Howard County Police Department.







 According to the information presented by the government at today's plea
hearing, on August 26, 2016, Kemp entered a bank in the 8400 block of Baltimore
National Pike in Ellicott City wearing all black, a mask over his mouth, glasses
over his eyes, black gloves, and a Baltimore Ravens hat, and was carrying a
loaded black and tan handgun. Kemp pointed the gun at the teller and demanded
money. The teller set the cash box on the counter and backed up, as Kemp had
ordered. Kemp took the money and placed it in a black trash bag. Detectives were
able to track Kemp to the intersection of Thunder Hill and Twin Knolls Roads,
where they saw him walk out of the woods and get into a vehicle. Police stopped
the vehicle and Kemp was arrested and searched. An empty brown leather holster
was found on Kemp's waistband. In the woods nearby police found a cooler which
contained the black trash bag with the money in it. Subsequent investigation
identified Kemp's fingerprints inside the cooler. The gun was found in the trunk
of Kemp's car, unsecured. The gun was loaded with 12 rounds in the magazine and
a round in the chamber.







 Kemp faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison for armed bank robbery, and
a mandatory minimum sentence of five years, consecutive to any other sentence,
and up to life in prison for using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
U.S. District Judge George L. Russell III has scheduled sentencing for May 12,
2017, at 2:00 p.m.







 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein commended the FBI and Howard County
Police Department for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant U.S. Attorney Aaron S. J. Zelinsky, who is prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Washington: Civilian Army Police Officer Pleads Guilty To Armed Bank Robbery

LENGTH: 410  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Alan Kemp, age 38, of District Heights, Maryland, pleaded guilty today to armed
bank robbery and to using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence. Kemp was
employed as a civilian police officer by the Department of the Army at Fort Myer
in Arlington, Virginia, at the time of the crime.





 The guilty plea was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Gordon B. Johnson of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Baltimore Field Office; and Chief Gary Gardner
of the Howard County Police Department.



 According to the information presented by the government at today's plea
hearing, on August 26, 2016, Kemp entered a bank in the 8400 block of Baltimore
National Pike in Ellicott City wearing all black, a mask over his mouth, glasses
over his eyes, black gloves, and a Baltimore Ravens hat, and was carrying a
loaded black and tan handgun. Kemp pointed the gun at the teller and demanded
money. The teller set the cash box on the counter and backed up, as Kemp had
ordered. Kemp took the money and placed it in a black trash bag. Detectives were
able to track Kemp to the intersection of Thunder Hill and Twin Knolls Roads,
where they saw him walk out of the woods and get into a vehicle. Police stopped
the vehicle and Kemp was arrested and searched. An empty brown leather holster
was found on Kemp's waistband. In the woods nearby police found a cooler which
contained the black trash bag with the money in it. Subsequent investigation
identified Kemp's fingerprints inside the cooler. The gun was found in the trunk
of Kemp's car, unsecured. The gun was loaded with 12 rounds in the magazine and
a round in the chamber.



 Kemp faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison for armed bank robbery, and
a mandatory minimum sentence of five years, consecutive to any other sentence,
and up to life in prison for using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
U.S. District Judge George L. Russell III has scheduled sentencing for May 12,
2017, at 2:00 p.m.



 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein commended the FBI and Howard County
Police Department for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant U.S. Attorney Aaron S. J. Zelinsky, who is prosecuting the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Civilian Army Police Officer Pleads Guilty To Armed Bank Robbery

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Maryland has
issued the following news release:



  Alan Kemp, age 38, of District Heights, Maryland, pleaded guilty today to
armed bank robbery and to using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
Kemp was employed as a civilian police officer by the Department of the Army at
Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia, at the time of the crime.









 The guilty plea was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Gordon B. Johnson of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Baltimore Field Office; and Chief Gary Gardner
of the Howard County Police Department.







 According to the information presented by the government at today's plea
hearing, on August 26, 2016, Kemp entered a bank in the 8400 block of Baltimore
National Pike in Ellicott City wearing all black, a mask over his mouth, glasses
over his eyes, black gloves, and a Baltimore Ravens hat, and was carrying a
loaded black and tan handgun. Kemp pointed the gun at the teller and demanded
money. The teller set the cash box on the counter and backed up, as Kemp had
ordered. Kemp took the money and placed it in a black trash bag. Detectives were
able to track Kemp to the intersection of Thunder Hill and Twin Knolls Roads,
where they saw him walk out of the woods and get into a vehicle. Police stopped
the vehicle and Kemp was arrested and searched. An empty brown leather holster
was found on Kemp's waistband. In the woods nearby police found a cooler which
contained the black trash bag with the money in it. Subsequent investigation
identified Kemp's fingerprints inside the cooler. The gun was found in the trunk
of Kemp's car, unsecured. The gun was loaded with 12 rounds in the magazine and
a round in the chamber.







 Kemp faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison for armed bank robbery, and
a mandatory minimum sentence of five years, consecutive to any other sentence,
and up to life in prison for using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
U.S. District Judge George L. Russell III has scheduled sentencing for May 12,
2017, at 2:00 p.m.







 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein commended the FBI and Howard County
Police Department for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant U.S. Attorney Aaron S. J. Zelinsky, who is prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Civilian Army Police Officer Pleads Guilty To Armed Bank Robbery

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Maryland has
issued the following news release:



  Alan Kemp, age 38, of District Heights, Maryland, pleaded guilty today to
armed bank robbery and to using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
Kemp was employed as a civilian police officer by the Department of the Army at
Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia, at the time of the crime.









 The guilty plea was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Gordon B. Johnson of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Baltimore Field Office; and Chief Gary Gardner
of the Howard County Police Department.







 According to the information presented by the government at today's plea
hearing, on August 26, 2016, Kemp entered a bank in the 8400 block of Baltimore
National Pike in Ellicott City wearing all black, a mask over his mouth, glasses
over his eyes, black gloves, and a Baltimore Ravens hat, and was carrying a
loaded black and tan handgun. Kemp pointed the gun at the teller and demanded
money. The teller set the cash box on the counter and backed up, as Kemp had
ordered. Kemp took the money and placed it in a black trash bag. Detectives were
able to track Kemp to the intersection of Thunder Hill and Twin Knolls Roads,
where they saw him walk out of the woods and get into a vehicle. Police stopped
the vehicle and Kemp was arrested and searched. An empty brown leather holster
was found on Kemp's waistband. In the woods nearby police found a cooler which
contained the black trash bag with the money in it. Subsequent investigation
identified Kemp's fingerprints inside the cooler. The gun was found in the trunk
of Kemp's car, unsecured. The gun was loaded with 12 rounds in the magazine and
a round in the chamber.







 Kemp faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison for armed bank robbery, and
a mandatory minimum sentence of five years, consecutive to any other sentence,
and up to life in prison for using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
U.S. District Judge George L. Russell III has scheduled sentencing for May 12,
2017, at 2:00 p.m.







 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein commended the FBI and Howard County
Police Department for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant U.S. Attorney Aaron S. J. Zelinsky, who is prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 13, 2017 Monday

Civilian Army Police Officer Pleads Guilty To Armed Bank Robbery

LENGTH: 418  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Maryland has
issued the following news release:



  Alan Kemp, age 38, of District Heights, Maryland, pleaded guilty today to
armed bank robbery and to using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
Kemp was employed as a civilian police officer by the Department of the Army at
Fort Myer in Arlington, Virginia, at the time of the crime.









 The guilty plea was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Gordon B. Johnson of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation, Baltimore Field Office; and Chief Gary Gardner
of the Howard County Police Department.







 According to the information presented by the government at today's plea
hearing, on August 26, 2016, Kemp entered a bank in the 8400 block of Baltimore
National Pike in Ellicott City wearing all black, a mask over his mouth, glasses
over his eyes, black gloves, and a Baltimore Ravens hat, and was carrying a
loaded black and tan handgun. Kemp pointed the gun at the teller and demanded
money. The teller set the cash box on the counter and backed up, as Kemp had
ordered. Kemp took the money and placed it in a black trash bag. Detectives were
able to track Kemp to the intersection of Thunder Hill and Twin Knolls Roads,
where they saw him walk out of the woods and get into a vehicle. Police stopped
the vehicle and Kemp was arrested and searched. An empty brown leather holster
was found on Kemp's waistband. In the woods nearby police found a cooler which
contained the black trash bag with the money in it. Subsequent investigation
identified Kemp's fingerprints inside the cooler. The gun was found in the trunk
of Kemp's car, unsecured. The gun was loaded with 12 rounds in the magazine and
a round in the chamber.







 Kemp faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison for armed bank robbery, and
a mandatory minimum sentence of five years, consecutive to any other sentence,
and up to life in prison for using a firearm in relation to a crime of violence.
U.S. District Judge George L. Russell III has scheduled sentencing for May 12,
2017, at 2:00 p.m.







 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein commended the FBI and Howard County
Police Department for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant U.S. Attorney Aaron S. J. Zelinsky, who is prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 31, 1988, Sunday, City Edition

Few blacks are seeking office in Hillsborough

BYLINE: JOHN COSTA

SECTION: TAMPA; COLUMNs; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 577 words



I would have thought more new black candidates would be on the    ballot this
year in Hillsborough County.

     In the year of Jesse Jackson and the first big election after the    racial
disturbances in College Hill, the death of Melvin Hair and the    police
altercation with baseball star Dwight Gooden, there are    essentially two new
black candidates running for office.

     The qualifying period for Tampa City Council has not arrived, but    there
is only one black newcomer - Lesley Miller - among the six    running for one
open seat. The ballot is set for all other county    elections.

     Eighty-seven candidates qualified, including five blacks. Out of    that
number, incumbent State Rep. James T. Hargrett Jr. was unopposed    for
re-election in his largely black district. Two incumbent black    judges -
Circuit Judges Thomas E. Stringer and County Judge Charles R.    Wilson - were
unopposed. And the School Board chairman, the Rev. A.    Leon Lowry Sr., is
opposed by Bennie Small Jr., the other new black    candidate.

     So, in terms of numbers, blacks will have about the same official
influence in the affairs of the county as they have had for the last    several
years.

     "I am disturbed and appalled at the lethargy" this represents in    the
black community in Hillsborough, Lowry said.

     Lowry, who has served on the board for 12 years, said there are    several
possible explanations.

     "I think the feeling of blacks running," said Lowry, is that ".    . . any
black outside (certain largely black districts) stands a very      small chance
to be elected.

     "They think it's a waste of time to spend the money."

      Adding to this is a certain feeling of futility, according to    Lowry.

     "Those in power," Lowry thinks many believe, "will do what they    want
anyway."

      Another factor, which Lowry said is important, is the absence of    any
shared agenda between whites and blacks in the county. Lowry    believes many
people recognize this and are working on it, but at the    moment there isn't a
consensus.

     Without it, voters focus on the messenger, not the message. With a
largely white electorate, that works uniquely against blacks.

     Finally, Lowry said, there is "just too much jealousy" among    black
factions.

     There is a feeling that "not another black (can be supported) in a
position."

     Bennie Small, Lowry's opponent, generally agrees with him but    focuses
particularly on money and incumbency as culprits in this    matter.

     "I think more blacks should run for office," Small said, "but    the method
of raising funds" is very difficult. "And, you have to    raise a lot of money."


     "It's hard to beat an incumbent," he said, and with so few    districts
where blacks stand a chance, "you also don't want to split    the black votes."

     Then why run against Lowry?

     "He flip-flopped. He said he wasn't going to run, then he got    in."

     Would Small have run if he understood Lowry was going to run again?

     "No, I wouldn't have."



   - John Costa is editor of the Tampa edition of the St. Petersburg    Times.



LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              791 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            February 12, 1993 Friday
                                  ALL EDITION

TENNIS CHAMP ARTHUR ASHE;
BECAME HERO OF BLACKS, POOR

BYLINE: Knight-Ridder

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 519 words


EDITOR'S NOTE: Reader Friendly is written on a level with beginning readers in
mind. If you have a friend who needs help learning to read, you can give it to
him with this page. PNEUMONIA (Say it: New-MOAN-ya): Sickness in the lungs

Arthur Ashe Jr. was a sports star who never stopped helping people.

Ashe died last Saturday in New York City at the age of 49. He died of pneumonia
after his body was weakened by AIDS.

Ashe was a champion at tennis, a sport that very few black people played. He was
the only black man who ever won the United States Open or the Wimbledon title in
England.

Thanks to Arthur Ashe, there are many more black tennis players now. He was a
hero to black people and to poor people around the world.

Ashe was a mild man, but he said what he believed. He fought against racism
everywhere. He gave hope to youths who saw how hard he had worked.

Ashe grew up in Richmond, Va. His father was a park guard at a tennis court, and
that is where he learned to play. But on many days, he was chased away from the
courts because he was black.

When Ashe was 14, a doctor helped him to spend more time on his tennis game. He
began to win tournaments against other teen-agers. He went to college at UCLA.

When Ashe was 20 he joined the U.S. Davis Cup team. This small group of players
competes against men from other countries. The winning country keeps the Davis
Cup for one year. (Ashe played on 10 Davis Cup teams. After he retired, he was
the U.S. team's coach for four years.)

Ashe won the U.S. Open in 1968. The next year, he wanted to play in South
Africa. He was kept out because he was black, but he kept trying. Four years
later he played in South Africa, and worked for integration while he was there.

When Ashe won at Wimbledon in 1975, it was still rare to see a black man playing
tennis. He said he often felt left out because of his color. But other players
respected the way he acted. Many women players said they also felt left out.
Ashe was a voice for them, too.

In July of 1979, Ashe had a heart attack after teaching tennis to poor kids in
New York.

Ashe had heart surgery later that year, and retired in 1980. In 1983, he had
more surgery on his heart. His doctors now believe that he got AIDS from bad
blood during the operation.

Ashe kept raising money to help poor people. He opened up tennis camps and
courts in many cities.

In 1988, Ashe found out that he had AIDS. But he kept quiet about it. Then a
year ago, a magazine was ready to write the story about his illness. Instead, he
talked about AIDS himself.

At first he was angry. But soon, he went back to work - raising money for AIDS.

The AIDS didn't seem to bother Ashe for a long time. But recently, he became
ill. He gave a speech about AIDS on Feb. 2, but he became very sick. It was just
four days before he died. Questions:

1. Arthur Ashe first played tennis (a) at UCLA (b) in Richmond, Va. (c) in New
York.

2. He played for the (a) Davis Cup (b) Stanley Cup (c)Ryder Cup.

3. Ashe learned that he had AIDS (a) in 1983 (b) in 1988 (c) last year.

Answers:

1(b) 2.(a) 3.(b).

Talking point: What should sports heroes do after they stop playing?

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  FILE Arthur Ashe, shown during the peak of his career in the 1970s,
died last Saturday at 49.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 1993 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              792 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Suspects wearing masks rob 2 north county businesses

BYLINE: BEN WEATHERS bweathers@capgaznews.com

SECTION: A; Pg.6

LENGTH: 327  words


Anne Arundel police are investigating two holdups by masked robbery suspects
over the weekend in north county.

When officers responded to Village Liquors in the 700 block of Church Street in
Brooklyn Park at 3:30 p.m. Sunday, an employee told them that a masked man
entered the store and demanded money.

The man indicated that he was armed but did not show a weapon. After taking an
undisclosed amount of cash, the man ran north on Church Street, police said.

He was seen getting into a gold minivan near Disney Avenue that then headed
toward Baltimore City, police said.

The robbery suspect is a black, around 6 feet 1 inches tall, with a medium
build. He was wearing a mask, a black hooded sweatshirt with gray on the inside
and gloves.

Just before 8 p.m. Saturday, officers were called to the Checkers in the 100
block of Mountain Road in Glen Burnie. Police said two masked men armed with
handguns entered the restaurant. One of the men jumped over the counter and
demanded money from the cash register. The other man reached over the counter
and removed an undisclosed amount of cash from the registers.

As both men started to run away from the restaurant, a witness chased after
them. He was able to catch up to one of the robbers and grab him by the arm, but
was struck in the face by the man, police said.

Officers searched the area but were unable to locate the suspects.

One is black and in his late teens, between 5 feet 5 inches and 5 feet 8 inches
tall and weighs between 180 and 200 pounds. He was wearing a black sweatshirt,
black jeans, black shoes with white trim, black gloves and a black mask.

The other suspect is black and in his 20s around 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighs
between 190 and 210 pounds. He was wearing a brown jacket, black jeans, black
shoes, black gloves and a black mask.

Anyone with information on either incident is encouraged to call the Metro Crime
Stoppers Hotline at 1-866-7LOCKUP or text "MCS" plus a message to CRIMES
(274637).

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 5, 2009 Saturday

Robber hits second Sheetz

BYLINE: Ted Potts, Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 415 words


Dec. 5--INDIANA -- A second Sheetz convenience store in Indiana County was
robbed at 12:45 a.m. Friday.

This time the robber hit the Sheetz along U.S. Route 119 in Center Township near
Homer City.

The first heist was at 6:50 a.m. Monday at the store at Warren and Ben Franklin
roads in White Township, just outside Indiana.

Police believe both robberies are the work of the same person, state Trooper
John R. Matchik Jr. said Friday afternoon from the Indiana barracks.

Money is all that was taken in both, said Matchik, the public information and
community services officer for Troop A, headquartered in Indiana.

On Friday, the robber entered the Homer City Sheetz and ordered a clerk to place
money in a black bag the robber had brought into the store.

He fled out the rear entrance and headed on foot toward the nearby Hoodlebug
Trail, said Trooper Jim Goodyear, who also is investigating the first Sheetz
robbery.

The Monday morning robbery was particularly brazen, Matchik said, because that
time the store is generally busy, with customers coming in for coffee,
newspapers and other items.

The descriptions of both men are similar, he said.

A witness told police the Friday robber may have been armed, possibly with a
handgun, Matchik said.

No weapon was raised or pointed at anyone in that robbery.

A man with a silver handgun robbed the White Township Sheetz, Goodyear said.

That robber also ordered a clerk to put money in a black bag he was carrying and
then fled on foot. He was last seen on Warren Road near the back entrance to
Indiana Mall.

The Friday robber was described as thin, short and wearing sneakers, blue jeans,
a black puffy coat, gray hoodie, black hoodie with purple trim, black gloves and
a Halloween mask with a black mesh cloth front.

The Monday robber was described as 5 feet 8 inches tall and was wearing a black
hooded jacket, jeans, sneakers, black gloves with white markings on the back and
a purple face mask.

Anyone having any information that could help in the investigations should call
the state police at (724) 357-1960, Matchik said.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20091205-JO-Robber-hits-second-Sheetz-1205

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2009 The Tribune-Democrat


                              794 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

'Gujarat will rally against graft'

BYLINE: Ahmedabad Mirror Bureau

LENGTH: 691 words


BJP supporters turned out in large number to welcome Advani's yatraAmid reports
and contradictions over 'cold vibes' between him and Chief Minister Narendra
Modi, senior BJP leader L K Advani on Monday said that the reception which his
Jan Chetna Yatra received in Gujarat was 'uprecedented and overwhelming'.
"Looking at the enthusiasm and response, I am of the firm belief that people of
Gujarat have strong sentiments against corruption,'' said Advani, while
addressing the gathering, soon after entering the city at CTM crossroads. Advani
added that no one knows the importance of black money in foreign banks as much
as people of Gujarat, while continuing his tirade against black money stacked in
foreign banks. CM Narendra Modi was not present to receive Advani when the yatra
entered the cityStating about Rs 25 lakh crore was deposited in the foreign
banks, he asked when the US, Germany, France and other countries like Peru and
Nigeria have taken back the money, why was not there any attempt by the Indian
government to build pressure to get back the money. "Is there an agreement to
protect the corrupt?

Such questions will be raised during the parliament session and pressure will be
built on the government to bring back the black money,'' said Advani. Later
addressing a gathering at Ghatlodia, Advani mentioned that already Swiss
government has brought an Act, with regard to giving back the black money and
the USA has already got it back. Alleging that the Congress government was
trying to protect those with black money, he demanded a white paper on the black
money. He also added that it was after the initiative of BJP that other parties
joined in and forced the government to form a joint parliamentary committee.
Advani's call against black money was joined by his supporters amid slogans,
"Bhrashtrachar mitayenga, kala dhan wapis layenge" and "bharat desh naya
banayenge.'' Modi joins tirade on black money Modi while addressing the
gathering said Congress government had been involved with corruption since
beginning. "Be it the tenure of the then prime minister Indira Gandhi, Rajiv
Gandhi or now Manmohan Singh, the Congress has been involved in scams,'' he
alleged. Raising the issue of black money, he mentioned that the entire nation
wants that the money should be brought back. "But the Congress is not willing as
most of the money belongs to its leaders,'' he said. Advani enters sans Modi in
city Advani's yatra entered the city from CTM crossroads at around 7.50 pm on
Monday. Modi, who later joined him at Ghatlodia, however was not present to
receive the senior leader. Already hard pressed to ward off the reports of rift
between Advani and Modi, state BJP president R C Faldu was quick to clarify that
the chief minister was preoccupied with the arrangements about appointment and
swearing in ceremony of new Chief Justice of Gujarat High Court, slated for
November 8. Modi was present in the gathering later at Ghatlodia Dharmesh
Chauhan, the injured son of Congress MLA from Savlin in Vadodara, displays the
identity card of a BJP worker who assaulted himCongress protests Meanwhile
around 90 Congress workers waived black flag at Amraiwadi near Ashima mill. They
were later detained by the police. Cong workers beaten up, detained in Vadodara
Earlier in the morning, son of senior Congress leader and Savli MLA Khumansinh
Chauhan was beaten up badly by a group of young BJP workers in the presence of
the police at Vadodara. Dharmesh Chauhan was detained by the police after he was
trying to stop Advani's yatra near the Sam Alarm Maunder. Dharmesh received
stitches above his eye after he was hit by the BJP youths. He alleged that the
BJP youth group hit him on the face in the presence of the police and also some
of them looted his chain. The police detained about 195 people, including city
Congress president Narendra Rabat, in order to prevent them from protesting
against the yatra. Advani entered Vadodara with his Jan Chetana Yatra and
addressed a public gathering at the Ayyapa temple ground. He praised the Surat
response ahead of Vadodara which raised many eyebrows in the local BJP
fraternity.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Mirror Publications

                            November 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                Ahmedabad Mirror

'Gujarat will rally against graft'

BYLINE: Ahmedabad Mirror Bureau

LENGTH: 691 words


BJP supporters turned out in large number to welcome Advani's yatraAmid reports
and contradictions over 'cold vibes' between him and Chief Minister Narendra
Modi, senior BJP leader L K Advani on Monday said that the reception which his
Jan Chetna Yatra received in Gujarat was 'uprecedented and overwhelming'.
"Looking at the enthusiasm and response, I am of the firm belief that people of
Gujarat have strong sentiments against corruption,'' said Advani, while
addressing the gathering, soon after entering the city at CTM crossroads. Advani
added that no one knows the importance of black money in foreign banks as much
as people of Gujarat, while continuing his tirade against black money stacked in
foreign banks. CM Narendra Modi was not present to receive Advani when the yatra
entered the cityStating about Rs 25 lakh crore was deposited in the foreign
banks, he asked when the US, Germany, France and other countries like Peru and
Nigeria have taken back the money, why was not there any attempt by the Indian
government to build pressure to get back the money. "Is there an agreement to
protect the corrupt?

Such questions will be raised during the parliament session and pressure will be
built on the government to bring back the black money,'' said Advani. Later
addressing a gathering at Ghatlodia, Advani mentioned that already Swiss
government has brought an Act, with regard to giving back the black money and
the USA has already got it back. Alleging that the Congress government was
trying to protect those with black money, he demanded a white paper on the black
money. He also added that it was after the initiative of BJP that other parties
joined in and forced the government to form a joint parliamentary committee.
Advani's call against black money was joined by his supporters amid slogans,
"Bhrashtrachar mitayenga, kala dhan wapis layenge" and "bharat desh naya
banayenge.'' Modi joins tirade on black money Modi while addressing the
gathering said Congress government had been involved with corruption since
beginning. "Be it the tenure of the then prime minister Indira Gandhi, Rajiv
Gandhi or now Manmohan Singh, the Congress has been involved in scams,'' he
alleged. Raising the issue of black money, he mentioned that the entire nation
wants that the money should be brought back. "But the Congress is not willing as
most of the money belongs to its leaders,'' he said. Advani enters sans Modi in
city Advani's yatra entered the city from CTM crossroads at around 7.50 pm on
Monday. Modi, who later joined him at Ghatlodia, however was not present to
receive the senior leader. Already hard pressed to ward off the reports of rift
between Advani and Modi, state BJP president R C Faldu was quick to clarify that
the chief minister was preoccupied with the arrangements about appointment and
swearing in ceremony of new Chief Justice of Gujarat High Court, slated for
November 8. Modi was present in the gathering later at Ghatlodia Dharmesh
Chauhan, the injured son of Congress MLA from Savlin in Vadodara, displays the
identity card of a BJP worker who assaulted himCongress protests Meanwhile
around 90 Congress workers waived black flag at Amraiwadi near Ashima mill. They
were later detained by the police. Cong workers beaten up, detained in Vadodara
Earlier in the morning, son of senior Congress leader and Savli MLA Khumansinh
Chauhan was beaten up badly by a group of young BJP workers in the presence of
the police at Vadodara. Dharmesh Chauhan was detained by the police after he was
trying to stop Advani's yatra near the Sam Alarm Maunder. Dharmesh received
stitches above his eye after he was hit by the BJP youths. He alleged that the
BJP youth group hit him on the face in the presence of the police and also some
of them looted his chain. The police detained about 195 people, including city
Congress president Narendra Rabat, in order to prevent them from protesting
against the yatra. Advani entered Vadodara with his Jan Chetana Yatra and
addressed a public gathering at the Ayyapa temple ground. He praised the Surat
response ahead of Vadodara which raised many eyebrows in the local BJP
fraternity.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Black farmers look to settle up

BYLINE: William M. Welch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 864 words


According to agreement, Congress must set aside funds by March 31

After juggling odd jobs to keep his Mississippi farm going for more than half a
century, Harvey White figures help from the federal government is long overdue.

White, 78, of Prentiss, Miss., is one of thousands of black farmers hoping to
receive financial aid, including debt relief, as part of a $1.25 billion
settlement with the federal government announced last week in a longstanding
case of racial discrimination by the U.S. Department of Agriculture.

White says the USDA over the years rejected at least five applications for
operating loans for his farm where he raises cattle and grows wheat and beans,
and a loan to buy a tractor and combine to expand his crops.

As a result, White says, he was forced to sell timber and do odd jobs to raise
money to buy seed and fertilizer every planting season, and he had to reduce the
acreage he could afford to plant.

"They said they didn't have any money for such as that," White says, recalling
his loan applications in the 1970s and 1980s. But at the same time, he said, the
Agriculture Department was making loans to white farmers in rural Jefferson
Davis County, Miss.

"I know three white guys who got it," White said.

Closing a 'sordid chapter'

The settlement, announced by the Obama administration, stems from a 1997
class-action civil rights lawsuit filed by three African-American farmers who
said the Department of Agriculture discriminated against black farmers by
denying or delaying loans and other assistance.

It is the second round of damages from the lawsuit, which was settled in April
1999. The latest agreement is to provide money for farmers such as White who
were denied earlier payments because they missed deadlines for filing for
compensation.

President Obama said last week that the deal would bring "long-ignored claims of
African-American farmers to a rightful conclusion." Agriculture Secretary Tom
Vilsack said the agreement should close a "sordid chapter" for the department,
noting that blacks often lost their land or went deep into debt after being
denied loans routinely awarded to white farmers.

Under the 1999 settlement, the government paid more than $1 billion to about
16,000 farmers. John Boyd Jr., a third-generation farmer from Baskerville, Va.,
and founder of the National Black Farmers Association, says his group pressed
for more aid because as many as 80,000 farmers didn't know about the settlement
and missed filing deadlines.

Boyd, 44, says he experienced discrimination firsthand: In 1994, the agency's
county supervisor "tore up my (loan) application and threw it in the trash while
I was sitting there."

The cause of justice for black farmers has resonance beyond the families
directly involved, Boyd says, as it reflects the historic roots and struggles of
black Americans in the century and a half since the end of slavery.

Boyd's own farm has been in his family since immediately after the Civil War,
when his great-grandfather became a free man and received a piece of the
plantation he worked on.

"Every black person in this country is only two or three generations from
somebody's farm," Boyd says.

Administration officials, including Vilsack, are calling on Congress to set
aside money by a March 31 deadline in the agreement. Boyd is lobbying
congressional leaders to budget the money.

'Couldn't get a loan'

Sen. Chuck Grassley,  R-Iowa, who is also a farmer, pushed for legislation
included in the 2008 farm bill, co-sponsored by Obama when he was in the Senate,
to give farmers excluded from the first settlement "another bite at the apple."

Grassley said funding was uncertain but he believed Congress ultimately would
provide it. "I think it (the settlement) is a pretty good indication they'll get
justice," Grassley said. "I'm not going to give up until we get a good ending
for it."

That's what Mary Shepard, 67, is hoping for. She spends her days working at the
B.B. King Museum at Indianola,  Miss., after giving up the bean and wheat farm
she ran for her aunt. She says federal officials wouldn't consider her requests
for loans to buy seed and fertilizer.

"Every time you'd go to USDA ... they always would tell you, 'We don't have any
more applications.' So what do you do? You come back and it's the same thing
every time," she says. "You couldn't get a loan."

She says she missed the first filing deadline because of a serious family
illness.

Glenn Slade, 60, of Surry, Va., has been able to keep the farm where he has
grown peanuts, corn, soybeans, wheat, cotton and beef cattle since 1972.

He applied for payment in the first settlement but was denied because he was
told his paperwork was not in order. He said he did receive some loans from the
USDA during the 1970s, but "they were just really slow and required excessive
collateral."

He is now the Surry County agriculture extension agent, helping provide
university research to farmers, but still has farm debts of $170,000. He hopes
the settlement will help him pay them off.

He says many other black farmers he knew weren't as fortunate.

"In a lot of cases, farmers died or quit farming," Slade said. "I've had several
friends who lost their homes, lost everything."

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, David Bundy, The Montgomery (Ala.) Advertiser
PHOTO, B/W, Delta Research and Cultural Institute
PHOTO, B/W, Paul Morse for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  April 24, 2001 Tuesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

P.A. ORGANIZERS CANCEL BLACK AND WHITE BALL

BYLINE: TRUONG PHUOC KHANH, Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 493 words


Daunted by the cooling economy and reeling from a year in which they made no
money, organizers of Palo Alto's Black and White Ball have canceled the 15th
annual benefit party.

The Palo Alto Recreation Foundation, which has organized the annual shindig for
the past 14 years, is taking a pause this year to reassess its mission.

Last year's event, attended by 1,200 people, grossed $176,000. But none of the
money ended up going to recreational and cultural programs in the city -- the
ball's beneficiary. All of it went to cover expenses, said Ann Mottola, Palo
Alto's special events coordinator. The event, whose theme was "It's Magic!"
featured six bands, two illusionists and an androgynous creature in a tuxedo and
feather boa, dancing on stilts.

"We just want to make sure we raise more money next year," Mottola said.

Raising money this year was looking pretty daunting.

Witness last weekend's Silicon Valley Charity Ball, the region's largest annual
black-tie function. Ticket sales were down about 30 percent from 2000, and the
fundraiser was in danger of not making its $1.5 million commitment to non-profit
organizations until a last-minute gift saved the day.

"This year was off to a difficult start. The response we were getting was clear
that we would have a difficult time getting sponsorship," Mottola said. "It's
really hard to fundraise in these economic times."

The Palo Alto Recreation Foundation board members will meet Thursday to
strategize the future for the ball, which would have been held Oct. 27.

"It's time to sit down, take a year off and replan it," said Beth Trailer, a
foundation board member. "Who knows what this year holds, so let's use it as
planning time."

She added: "I don't think anyone will be devastated. They might, on theother
hand, look forward to the next one a little bit more."

In even-numbered years, Palo Alto's Black and White Ball costs $75 a person,
draws bigger crowds and is held on the University Avenue Loop, a public street
downtown, and at the Palo Alto Sheraton Hotel nearby. The odd-numbered-year
balls are sit-down affairs held at other locations that cost $150 a person.

Palo Alto's ball skirted disaster in 1999 when the formal affair was held the
same night as the Silicon Valley Charity Ball. Partygoers' loyalty was tested.
Some 3,250 people attended the San Jose Convention Center event and about 1,000
gathered for the Palo Alto ball at the SAP Labs campus.

Last year, to avoid a repeat, Palo Alto held its ball in September, when,
luckily, the forecast for rain didn't materialize.

Still, turnout was lower than regulars remembered from past balls. At its peak
in the early 1990s, the ball drew 3,000 revelers.

It is not clear if any programs will lose funding now that the ball has been
canceled, but one foundation board member said financial support for the city's
recreation department would continue, as the board still has funds.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 18, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Tradition of Inequity;
States Are Urged to Show Less Favoritism To University Systems' Flagship
Campuses

BYLINE: By WILLIAM CELIS 3d

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 5; National Desk; Education Page

LENGTH: 888 words


A series of lawsuits and court decisions charging discrimination have put
pressure on states to distribute more fairly the money they give to various
campuses in state university systems.

The equitable financing issue, now being contested in four states, is steeped in
both tradition and bias. In most states, legislatures for decades have given
more money to one university than others in the same system, arguing that the
state needs a showcase institution of higher education. But civil rights groups
and individuals who have brought lawsuits in Mississippi, Texas, Alabama and,
three weeks ago, in New York assert that these states' allocations for public
university systems are rooted in racial and ethnic discrimination.

The newer campuses tend to have more students from minority groups, fewer
professors with doctorate degrees and fewer or no graduate divisions or
professional schools. Whether this is due to discrimination or to tradition is
an issue that could land more states in court, say many education consultants
and analysts.

"You can make an argument on both sides," said Caspa L. Harris, president of the
National Association of College and University Business Managers.

Finding Racism in Budgets

In December, a Federal judge ruled that Alabama's university system had vestiges
of racial discrimination and that two historically black universities had been
shortchanged by about $10 million each. The Legislature was ordered to revise
its distribution of education money. Mississippi is awaiting a Supreme Court
ruling in a similar case.

Last month in Texas, a judge ruled that the state's method of financing its two
university systems was unconstitutional because universities in South Texas,
which have a predominantly Hispanic enrollment, did not receive enough state aid
and did not offer enough advanced degree programs. The universities in South
Texas are 30 to 40 years old, with less history than the century-old University
of Texas at Austin and Texas A&M University, the flagship universities in the
two different state systems.

And three weeks ago a lawsuit was filed against New York State by more than 250
professors and students in the City University of New York system, where the
majority of students are black or of Hispanic descent. The suit contends that
state officials allocate more money for the State University of New York system,
whose enrollment is mostly white, and that the disparity is discriminatory.

"What we have all begun to realize in the past 20 years in civil rights work is
that the barriers that exist are no longer de jure sorts of barriers," said
Susan E. Brown, a lawyer in San Francisco for the Mexican-American Legal Defense
and Education Fund, which brought the equity suit in 1987 against the Texas
Higher Education Coordinating Board, which supervises the state's 116 public
institutions. "What exists now are more subtle mechanisms, and funding is one of
the more pervasive in terms of lack of equality."

Less Money to Pacify

In healthier fiscal eras, states sidestepped the equity issue and claims of
discrimination by giving institutions with mostly minority enrollments more
money every budget year. But this still did not lift them to parity, and now the
recession has made it more difficult to mask a flawed system of state
appropriations to public universities.

"Institutions got a little bit during the good times, but they still have not
received the funding and the programs that would make them competitive and equal
institutions," said Julius Chambers, director counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense
and Educational Fund in New York.

But to charge that discrimination is the only factor in the debate over equity
is simplistic, others argue.  Many state university systems have long focused
their energy on one or two leading institutitions, building up law schools,
medical schools and professional schools.

As public university systems have grown, campuses have been created near major
industrial and economic centers, often dictated by employer needs. In the Texas
suit, the Mexican-American legal group asserted that the six public universities
near the Mexican border had been discriminated against in state appropriations.
But that region of the state is largely rural, with little industry.

Re-Slicing a Smaller Pie

"Education tends to follow the economy and not the other way around," said
Dennis Jones, president of the National Center for Higher Education Management
Systems, a private, not-for-profit management consulting group in Boulder, Colo.
"You aren't going to find many engineering schools in places where there isn't a
lot of industry. That's a function of 100 years of evolution."

That evolution is difficult to reverse. As a result, Mr. Jones said, it is
unrealistic for public universities that are not the flagship university to
expect to get the same financing and the same academic programs.

But because state education budgets are shrinking and opposition to the current
distribution system is growing, education experts say, legislatures around the
country may be forced to give the flagship campuses less and others more. That
approach is not expected to be popular among the universities that have grown
accustomed to advantages. "Reallocation," said Mr. Jones, "comes hard."

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              799 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                            July 19, 2007, Thursday

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P04A

LENGTH: 594 words


-Michigan would

be nuts to lock

up fewer people

AMONG the 68 U.S. cities with 250,000 residents or more, Detroit is the
second-most crime-ridden. Only Baltimore is more dangerous.

That's not good enough for Democrat Jennifer Granholm, the governor of Michigan.
To save money, she wants to lighten the sentences for crimes and imprison fewer
people.

Reducing the penalties for crimes is an invitation to criminals to relocate to
the Motor City.

The 10 million people in her state spend $2 billion a year on prisons. That is
about $200 per citizen. To me, that's a small price to pay for peace of mind.

Granholm wants to "save money" by lightening the penalties for crime.

For example, Granholm's proposal would force criminals to steal at least $5,000
before it would be considered a felony and make the thief eligible for prison.

The threshold now is $1,000.

Why not just remove all the locks from all the doors in Detroit while she is at
it?

All that reducing the prison population does is shift the cost of these
criminals from the taxpayers to the victims who get robbed, beaten, raped or
murdered by those who are released from prison.

While liberals will throw money away on every cockamamie idea that come down the
pike - Tamarack, anyone? - liberals oppose a program that works: locking up
criminals so they do not harm people again.

What is incredible about this drive to reduce prison populations is that
according to Department of Justice statistics, the most likely victims of
violent crimes in America are the poor.

Blacks are more likely than whites to be victims of crime. Men are more likely
to be crime victims than women. And people 18-24 are more likely to be crime
victims than any other age group.

Why do liberals hate poor, young, black men?

Granholm is making the same argument heard in West Virginia, that money spent on
prisons could be better spent on education.

Of course. And society surely could use more college-educated black men.

But unless we lock up the killers, our young black men will not be graduating
from college.

Remember the murder of Reginald T. Seamon Jr.? He was the West Virginia State
student who was killed on his 22nd birthday by Maurice "Ramel" Lundy, 19.

Lundy had pleaded guilty less than two years earlier to manslaughter and was
sentenced to a minimum of three years in prison. But the state put him on work
release after just seven months.

That was how West Virginia saved money back in 1990.

Let's not cost some other father his junior by going through that again.

The government spends billions every year on programs for the poor and programs
to rehabilitate cities.

The No. 1 problem the poor and people in cities face is crime.

Opening the prisons to "save money" condemns the poor who cannot escape the big
cities.

Michigan's prison population averaged 31,240 in 1990. By 2005, it had climbed to
48,591.

That's roughly half of 1 percent of Michigan's population.

But in 1990, Michigan suffered 73,468 violent crimes.

By 2005 that had dropped to 55,877 violent crimes.

So let us see, 17,351 more inmates and 17,591 fewer violent crimes.

What's the problem?

Actually, as mine editor pointed out, that should read 17,351 more inmates and
17,591 fewer victims.

It seems to me that Michigan needs to double its prison space. If it threw
another 48,951 people in prison, Michigan's crime rate would be so low that
Detroit would have to lay off police officers.

Or have the police handle the traffic as residents pour back into the Motor
City.

Surber may be reached at donsurber@dailymail.com His blog is at
http://blogs.dailymail.com/donsurber/.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Charleston Newspapers


                              800 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             March 11, 1994, Friday

REGION IN BRIEF Black prof to head Ole Miss law school

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 4

LENGTH: 527 words


For the first time, the University of Mississippi has chosen a black scholar to
serve as an academic dean.

Louis Westerfield has been named dean of the law school at the Oxford campus,
subject to the likely approval of the state board of trustees, which is
scheduled to consider the nomination next week.

Westerfield, 41, is dean of Loyola University School of Law in New Orleans and
is a former Ole Miss law professor. He is to take over the dean's post July 1.

"I am well aware of the historical significance of the University of Mississippi
selecting its first African-American dean," Westerfield said. "I appreciate
those who are willing to give me this opportunity and the many others, black and
white, who have labored through the years to allow us to progress to this
point."

A SHOW OF REMORSE? Serial killer Danny Rolling cried in a Gainesville, Fla.,
courtroom as prosecutors played tape-recorded farewells he allegedly made for
his family before going on a murder rampage in the college town. Rolling has
pleaded guilty to killing five students in 1990. The tape was played for the
jury that will recommend whether he should be put to death for the crimes or
serve life in prison.

GETTING TOUGH? The gutsy Tennessee Legislature has passed a law that would
forbid a time-honored Southern practice: drinking while driving. But the
measure, dubbed the "pass the bottle bill," would still allow passengers to
drink (and hold more than one drink). In Virginia, lawmakers approved a bill
that would allow the seizure of a vehicle if the owner is found to be driving on
a license revoked because of a drunken driving conviction. And motorists younger
than 21 could lose their driver's licenses if they are found to have any trace
of alcohol in their bodies.

HOT OFF THE PRESS: A textbook on blacks' role in South Carolina history drew
favorable reviews when unveiled for members of the Legislative Black Caucus.
"African-Americans and the Palmetto State" traces the history of black South
Carolinians from village life in Africa through slavery and into the 20th
century. It includes reports on former slaves Prince Rivers, who became a judge,
and the Rev. Charles Jaggers, who started the first old folks home for blacks,
and such 20th-century figures as astronaut Charles Bolden. It was written by
faculty members of the University of South Carolina at Aiken and published by
the state Department of Education.

ELSEWHERE The NAACP denounced a proposal to add the Black Liberation flag to the
dome of the South Carolina State House, saying the Confederate battle flag
should be removed instead. . . . Donald Hubbard, 54, became mayor of Talladega,
Ala., following the conviction of Larry Barton on fraud and money-laundering
charges. . . . A man defending himself on a murder charge in Charlotte, N.C.,
was banished to a jail cell - and given a closed-circuit TV set so he can follow
court proceedings - after repeated run-ins with the judge. . . . The Alabama
Supreme Court will hear oral arguments Monday in former Gov. Guy Hunt's appeal
of the felony ethics conviction that led to his ouster from office last April.

Compiled by Mike Smith

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940710090

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              801 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                              June 5, 2012 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Black seeks dismissal of convictions; 'Deceptive affidavit'

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO . Conrad Black's lawyers have filed a motion asking to have his
remaining convictions dismissed on the basis prosecutors "intentionally
deprived" the former media baron of his right to an attorney.

The request, filed Monday in a U.S. district court, centres on law enforcement's
seizure of proceeds from the sale of his New York apartment, which Lord Black
bought from his company Hollinger in 2000 for US$3million and later sold for
US$9-million.

His lawyers argue prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two warrants to seize
the assets by concealing information that would have undermined their case for
taking the money.

The former press magnate sold the Manhattan dwelling for US$9-million, with the
intent of paying for counsel to defend him against allegations of improper
conduct at Hollinger International. Because the money from the sale was not
available, his lawyers argue that denied him his right to counsel.

"Conrad Black was intentionally deprived of his right to the counsel of his
choice by knowing of false statements made to the courts by the government as to
its right to seize property," lawyer William Kane argues in the filings.

"The deceptive affidavit in support of the pre-indictment seizures of Mr.
Black's assets spun a tale of fraud surrounding the purchase and transfer of the
Manhattan apartment by and between Mr. Black and his company as a basis for
seizing the apartment proceeds."

The filing accuses prosecutors of leaving out two key documents that
contradicted their claims Lord Black defrauded Hollinger in setting a purchase
price of US$3million for the apartment, the same amount Hollinger had paid for
it initially, even though it had appreciated in value.

Carolyn Gurland, one of Lord Black's lawyers, said Monday the government knew
Lord Black had put US$4.6-million of his own money into the apartment, thereby
raising his investment in it to US$7.6-million, but didn't include documents
that reflected that.

Lord Black, who was released from prison last month, would be cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his lawyers' request is successful.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             August 4, 2008 Monday
                                  Main Edition

SCHOOL CHOICE: Status quo hurts black youths

BYLINE: GLENN DELK; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: @ISSUE; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 637 words


Sen. Barack Obama's mantra of "Change We Can Believe In" helped him clinch the
Democratic nomination and may help elect him America's first black president.
Whether you support Obama or Sen. John McCain, a shocking report recently
published by the Schott Foundation must serve as a wake-up call for all of
Georgia's taxpayers, business leaders and black parents.

"Given Half a Chance" by the Schott Foundation for Public Education graphically
describes how the country's system of government-run education, while spending
hundreds of billions of taxpayers' money annually, has created a situation in
which "the rate at which black males are dropping out and being placed in
special education far exceeds the rate at which they are graduating and reaching
high levels of academic achievement."

The report chronicles the pervasive and systemic failure of our society to
educate black male students to realize their potential. The Schott Foundation
claims, based upon its research, that: "Black males have consistently low
educational attainment levels, are more chronically unemployed and
underemployed, are less healthy and have access to fewer health care resources,
die much younger, and are many times more likely to be sent to jail for periods
significantly longer than males of other racial/ethnic groups."

Georgia fares just as badly in educating black males, according to the Schott
report. Only 40 percent of black males in Georgia graduate from high school, the
42nd-worst ranking in the country. In fact, Richmond County (Augusta) is one of
the 10 worst-performing larger districts in the entire country, graduating only
31 percent of black males.

Atlanta Public Schools barely escaped the list of worst districts by graduating
34 percent of black males, Clayton County graduated 36 percent, Fulton 44
percent and DeKalb 47 percent. Suburban counties such as Cobb, with 57 percent,
and Gwinnett, 58 percent, significantly outperformed the other metro counties.

According to the Schott report, the academic achievement of black males in
Georgia was just as shocking as the low graduation rates, with 90 percent of all
black eighth-grade males reading and performing math at the basic or below-basic
level --- 30 points worse than white eighth-graders.

Lack of money is clearly not the reason for the low graduation rates and poor
academic achievement of black males in Georgia. For instance, according to a
recent letter by Atlanta School Board member Mark Riley, the Atlanta public
school system spends $770 million annually, or $15,400 per student, to graduate
34 percent of black males, with 95 percent of all black male eighth-graders
attending APS scoring at basic or below basic in reading and math. Georgia now
spends more than $10,000 per pupil, or almost $16 billion annually on its K-12
system of public education.

The Schott Report must serve as a wake-up call to all Georgians that we cannot
as a society continue to maintain the status quo in education. If the current
system spends $16 billion of taxpayers' money annually to graduate four out of
every 10 black male students, we need to change the system. First, black parents
all over Georgia must demand that they be given more educational choices,
whether they be charter schools or tuition tax credits. Second, Georgia's
business leaders must show the courage and will to demand our political leaders
understand that the Schott Report has exposed a national and statewide crisis
and disgrace.

Finally, Georgia's taxpayers must demand better results for their huge financial
investments. Atlanta's taxpayers should take the lead by demanding that the
Atlanta Board of Education require Atlanta Public Schools to begin competing for
tax dollars with established quality charter operators such as KIPP, Edison and
others.

* Glenn Delk is an Atlanta attorney.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Glenn Delk is an Atlanta attorney./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              803 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      July 12, 2001 Thursday, Home Edition

Lewis sees need for limiting donations;
Georgian working to sway black caucus

BYLINE: MELANIE EVERSLEY

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 805 words


Washington --- John Lewis is sticking to his conscience.

Even though fellow House Democrats worry that campaign finance reform could
crush their ability to raise money, the Atlanta congressman fully supports
limits on soft-money donations.

Lewis spent part of Wednesday on the House floor trying to talk some of his
colleagues into voting with him for the Shays-Meehan bill.

"I've taken up a position that the political process must be open, and it cannot
be just the big and large contributors," Lewis said. "It just cannot be for the
high rollers. It has to be for the average American."

House Democratic Caucus Chairman Martin Frost (D-Texas) is concerned that the
current form of the bill might hurt state and local efforts to raise money for
voter registration and getting people out to vote.

Some members of the Congressional Black Caucus have pointed out that they rely
heavily on soft money and that their grass-roots efforts, while energetic, do
not reel in amounts as large.

Lewis, the House deputy minority whip, said, "It's not just what is right for
the CBC or for a particular district, but what I think is right and good for
America."

Americans need to believe that politicians are beholden to their constituents,
not to the biggest campaign donors, he said.

"I just think as minorities, we have no business whatsoever being opposed to
campaign finance reform," Lewis said. "If we want to level the playing field, I
think this is a direction we must go."

Many House Democrats, including members of the black caucus, are split over the
issue, said Rep. Elijah Cummings (D-Md.), vice chairman of the caucus. Cummings
said he plans to vote for the bill.

Lewis "makes some very good arguments that, No. 1, big money does not help us in
getting our constituents' voices heard," Cummings said.

Martin Frost, speaking through a spokesman, said that his working relationship
with Lewis would not be affected by the fact that they do not completely agree
on the reform bill.

"Lewis is a personal hero of Congressman Frost and a good friend," Frost
spokesman Tom Eisenhauer said.

And there are those who agree with Lewis.

On Tuesday, Rep. John Conyers (D-Mich.) sent out a letter to members of the
black caucus asking them to support Shays-Meehan.

Lewis and Rep. Harold Ford (D-Tenn.) also signed the letter.

Lewis said: "You don't look at what is good for the Democratic Party, the
Democratic caucus or the black caucus. It's good for America. It's good for the
political process to have campaign finance reform."

END 279

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              804 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 17, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

AROUND THE NATION;
Atlanta Getting U.S. Money For Youth Recreation

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 28, Column 6; National Desk

LENGTH: 105 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, May 16


Atlanta will receive Federal money to expand recreation programs this summer to
keep children off the streets and safe from the killer or killers of 27 young
blacks, Vice President Bush's office says.

''There is no question'' that Atlanta, as well as Fulton and DeKalb counties,
will receive some money, Pete Teeley, Mr. Bush's press secretary, said
yesterday.

A missing person alert for Robert Lee Dennis, a 20-year-old black, was canceled
by the police. Officers said Mr. Dennis had apparently returned home. The State
Crime Laboratory said ''colored textile fibers '' on six bodies were the only
evidence linking the cases.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              805 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 26, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Money maven teaches Wall Street success Financial values, planning key for
blacks, women

BYLINE: Sandra Block

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 12B

LENGTH: 1269 words


As the 1990s come to a close, Americans have much to celebrate.
Thanks to the roaring bull market in stocks, many investors have
seen modest savings grow into small fortunes. Flush with stock
options and well-funded retirement plans, people are retiring
early to pursue second careers. There's a chicken in every pot
and an SUV in almost every garage.

But a lot of African-Americans missed the party. A 1998 study
by Yankelovich Partners found that only 26% of blacks had most
of their money in stocks or mutual funds vs. 51% of whites.


And many blacks, particularly women, aren't saving enough for
retirement. According to the Employee Benefit Research Institute,
only 48% of African-American women have saved for retirement vs.
70% of all women surveyed.

Enter Brooke Stephens, 55, a Wall Street veteran, author, civil-rights
activist and occasional troublemaker. Stephens spends much of
her time these days talking to African-Americans, and women in
particular, about saving and investing. "There are two things
nobody teaches women about: money and sex," she says. "So we
end up with bankruptcy and babies."

No one will ever confuse one of Stephens' seminars with Wall
Street Week. During a conference in Delaware, she was distressed
to discover her talk followed a discussion of banking on the Internet.
Fearing her audience was nodding off, she asked the audio technician
to crank up the old O'Jays tune For the Love of Money and
ordered participants to get up and celebrate financial empowerment.
"Get out of your seats!" she commanded. "If your butt's asleep,
your brain's not working."

Early lessons

Stephens got her first lesson in money management when she was
9. Her mother gave her an allowance of $ 5 a week. She was expected
to use it for bus fare and school lunches.

One Thursday, she spent most of her allowance on candy and hair
ribbons. The next morning she realized that she had enough for
bus fare to school, but nothing for lunch or the trip home. Her
mother's response: Wear comfortable shoes because it's a long
walk.

During her two-hour hike in the Florida sun, Stephens learned
a lesson: Make money last until you know where the next dollar
is coming from.

It's a message she returns to repeatedly. Despite gains, African-Americans
continue to lag whites financially. The disparity reflects decades
of discrimination, but Stephens writes in her first book, Talking
Dollars and Making Sense, "some of that lack of net worth
is our own fault, the result of excessive and reckless spending
and marginal financial values." She says the problem is particularly
acute among young black women, who forgo 401(k) plans for visible
badges of success: costly hair styles, manicures, clothes and
shoes. And when African-Americans do save, they frequently put
too much into passbook savings accounts, certificates of deposit
and other low-interest products, Stephens says. Until a few years
ago, Stephens' mother kept her savings in CDs and a passbook account.
"I finally persuaded her to give me $ 25,000 to manage," Stephens
says. She invested the money for five years and boosted the total
to $ 46,000. When she returned it to her mother, "Her first question
was, 'Is this legal?' " Stephens says.

She says distrust of Wall Street leads many black women to put
their money in low-interest, federally insured bank deposits.

A reluctant pioneer

Stephens didn't set out to be a financial maven. The daughter
of a librarian, her first love was books. She wasn't allowed to
watch television until she was 14, so she spent her spare time
reading. Stephens' brownstone in Brooklyn, N.Y., is crammed with
more than 3,000 books. She hasn't owned a TV since 1986. "I decided
I wanted my brain back," she says.

She finished high school early, and at 15 entered Fisk University
in Nashville. It was the early 1960s, and the civil-rights movement
was spreading. At first, Stephens admits, she and her friends
attended demonstrations "mainly to meet boys." Her attitude
changed after the Ku Klux Klan disrupted a demonstration in Nashville.
A white student from Oregon suffered permanent hearing damage
after a woman hit him in the ear with her umbrella. "Then some
guys beat him up and threw him down a flight of stairs," Stephens
says. "That's when I became politicized."

At Fisk, Stephens studied English literature and dreamed of becoming
a novelist. Her mother argued that was no way to make a living.
Stephens finally pursued a degree in library science and a paying
job that would keep her close to books. After three years, "I
was bored out of my mind," she says.

Around that time, a friend at the prestigious Harvard Business
School encouraged Stephens to apply. Harvard was accepting minorities,
and before long, she was enrolled.

But Stephens quickly realized that admittance and acceptance are
miles apart. "That was my first encounter with the most refined
kind of racism and sexism I had ever dealt with," she says. She
was one of four African-American women at the school, and several
professors made no secret of their disdain for women and minority
students. "One professor pulled me aside and said, 'You're going
to have to work three times as hard as anybody else to show me
you deserve to be here,' " she recalls.

After a year at Harvard, Stephens landed in the hospital with
an ulcer. She decided to drop out, but she didn't return to the
library. Instead, she decided to spend some time on Wall Street
and discover whether she wanted to remain in the business world.

She got a job as an international credit analyst at Chase Manhattan
Bank. That was in the early 1970s, and the only other black women
at the company "either took stenography, worked in the cafeteria
or mopped the floors," she says. She stayed at Chase eight years,
watching other employees win promotions for which she felt she
was qualified. Finally, she joined a class-action lawsuit with
other women who felt they had been victims of discrimination.
Chase settled the lawsuit, and Stephens used the money to go out
on her own.

The power of money

Since then, she's worked as a stockbroker, insurance agent, consultant
and financial planner. She's written two personal-finance books
and edited a collection of essays by African-American women.

Financial success has given Stephens the freedom to pursue her
dream of writing fiction. She's working on a screenplay and hopes
to write a historical novel. She'd like to delve into the black
history of Savannah, Ga., offering a perspective largely absent
from the best-selling Midnight in the Garden of Good and Evil.
"Part of what everybody has to accept is that life will go through
changes, but whatever you do will require money," she says. "Whether
it's moving, taking care of elderly parents, having children --
all those things require money."

Avoiding missteps

Five investing mistakes from Wealth Happens One Day At A Time:

* Expecting too much, too soon. Invest for the long haul.

* Not understanding where you put your money. If you can't explain
to a 10-year-old where you invested and why, reconsider your investment.

* Following hot tips. Quick hits can turn ugly just as fast.

* Going for the greed. Chain letters, multilevel marketing schemes
and "insider information" rarely deliver on their promises.

* Doing nothing. Leaving your money in a low-interest savings
account until next year means losing another year of growth and
investment returns.



LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Brian Branch-Price, AP, for USA TODAY (2); PHOTOS, Color
(2); Stephens: The Wall Street veteran says, 'There are two things nobody
teaches women about: money and sex. So we end up with bankruptcy and babies.'
Fighting fear: Stephens says distrust of Wall Street leads many black women to
put money in federally insured accounts.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              806 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      MARCH 3, 2003 Monday CITY-D EDITION

Adversity in the party of diversity;
In the 2004 election, Democrats are unsure of 2 black candidates for the
presidency.

BYLINE: Dick Polman INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1252 words


Help wanted: Political party seeks black leader to run for president. Must have
experience in elective office, preferably as a senator or governor, or a
military leader; a proven ability to raise national money; a proven appeal to
white voters; a scandal-free resume.

But the Democrats can't seem to find anyone who meets all those criteria.
Instead, in the race for the 2004 presidential nomination, they have the Rev. Al
Sharpton and former Illinois Sen. Carol Moseley Braun. For many activists, both
whites and blacks, that's a problem.

They're privately terrified that Sharpton, a civil-rights activist with a long
history of racial polarization, will drive independent white suburbanites to the
Republican Party. Sharpton scored poorly among whites in a 2000 national poll.

And Democratic activists don't see Moseley Braun as a model candidate, either,
given that she was a one-term senator accused of ethical lapses and criticized
for visiting a Nigerian dictator who committed human-rights abuses.

Skeptical Democrats acknowledge that Sharpton and Moseley Braun will raise
issues of interest to minorities and women that otherwise might receive scant
attention.

But they argue that the party shouldn't be in this position. And although
they're loath to discuss this publicly, here's what many are asking one another:

Why does the party of diversity - the party that vowed 30 years ago to "achieve
full participation of minorities . . . in all party affairs" - have such a thin
bench of black elected officials with the credentials and resources to run for
president?

"You have one candidate who is nationally known, but he's the skunk in the room
that nobody in the party wants to talk about," said Ron Walters, a former
campaign aide to ex-presidential candidate Jesse Jackson. "And the other has a
different problem. Joe Six-Pack in the black community doesn't know who she is."

Journalist Jonetta Rose Barras, author of The Last of the Black Emperors: The
Hollow Comeback of Marion Barry in the New Age of Black Leaders, said: "It's an
insult to the African American community that these are the best that the
Democrats have to offer."

Regarding their thin bench, Democrats cite the facts: There are no black U.S.
senators; the last was Moseley Braun, who was defeated in 1998. There are no
black governors; the last was Virginia Democrat Douglas Wilder, who left office
in 1994. And no black person has ever won a Senate or gubernatorial nomination
in Pennsylvania or New Jersey.

Many black Democrats have been nominated for those posts elsewhere, only to
falter in the general election.

In Texas last November, Dallas Mayor Ron Kirk won 43 percent of the vote for
U.S. Senate; in the New York governor's race, H. Carl McCall won 33 percent; for
Nevada governor, Joe Neal won 22 percent. During the '90s in North Carolina,
Charlotte Mayor Harvey Gantt lost twice trying to unseat Sen. Jesse Helms.

More typically, black Democrats have sought their party's nomination and failed
- last year, in the Oregon and Illinois governors' races, for example, and in
1994, when State Rep. Dwight Evans of Philadelphia finished second in
Pennsylvania's gubernatorial primary. (Wilder, the Virginia governor, even tried
running for president in 1992 but couldn't raise enough money.)

All told, Democratic pollster Jef Pollock said, "there are lots of reasons why
someone like Sharpton can step into the void and run for president." And the
reasons are interconnected:

Wary white voters. A majority of white voters are still reluctant to support
black candidates in major statewide races.

In the Texas Senate race, Kirk was a moderate Democrat highly touted for his
close ties to the business community - yet, in key counties, he drew only 30
percent of white voters.

Pollock said, "Sometimes the problem is still racism, pure and simple, and to
deny it is to sweep it under the rug.

"With a level playing field, Kirk would be a star in Washington today and
presidential material eight years down the road. You need one of the top jobs
before you can run credibly for president."

Democratic Congressman James Clyburn is the man to see in South Carolina's black
community. The white presidential candidates are courting him in advance of the
state's 2004 presidential primary. But he has twice failed to win statewide
office, and recently acknowledged race: "We don't like to admit that people are
just more comfortable with people who look like them."

Wary donors. Walters said, "Blacks face a tremendous uphill battle raising
money. They can't pick up the phone and make that $100,000 call, because the
person on the other end wants someone who is instantly credible as a 'winner.'

"And if the donors don't think you can win over white voters, then there is
pressure for you to step aside for the white candidates who they think can win
over black voters."

Blacks also are less likely than whites to have close associates with deep
pockets, or to have great personal wealth themselves - a major asset, because
rich people can spend unlimited amounts of their own money in a Senate race.

The liberal label. Some believe that ideology, not race, is the big obstacle for
blacks seeking higher office.

They say that, fairly or not, black candidates are still associated with tax
hikes and high spending on urban social programs. (Kirk's opponent invoked the
liberal label in the Texas race.)

Merle Black, a Georgia political analyst, said, "In Southern states, especially,
you can't even get white liberals elected to statewide office."

Bruce Buchanan, a Texas analyst, said, "To attract middle-of-the-road voters,
you can't feature a candidate who's visually representative of the liberal wing.
A black candidate still has a lot of traditional baggage to overcome in order to
be perceived as centrist."

In the South, especially, black Democrats in Congress hail from districts where
most citizens are black. Tennessee analyst John Geer said, "African American
districts tend to be liberal on many issues, which means the congressmen have
liberal voting records. That makes it tougher for them to run for top offices
statewide."

But some ambitious black leaders are trying to scale that wall. Most notably,
Tennessee Congressman Harold Ford Jr., a 1992 graduate of the University of
Pennsylvania, has been wooing whites by crafting a moderate record (pro-growth,
low taxes) with an eye on the 2006 Senate race - and perhaps a later
presidential bid.

But that's all in the future. Democrats are more focused on the current
political minefields in their midst.

If Sharpton scores well during the primaries - starting in South Carolina, where
40 percent of the Democratic voters are black - party leaders and rival
candidates may be tempted to denounce him (citing the Tawana Brawley case from
the late 1980s, for which he hasn't apologized) to show white voters they aren't
pandering.

But denouncing him might tick off his black voters - and Democrats can't win the
election without a strong biracial coalition.

This is where Democrats miss Bill Clinton, who was able to bridge racial
divides. But David Bositis, an expert on black politics, said it was a waste of
time to pine for Clinton or for black presidential candidates with more
electable credentials.

"If the eventual nominee can't handle Al Sharpton," Bositis said, "then he
probably doesn't deserve to be president."

Contact staff writer Dick Polman at 215-854-4430 or dpolman@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Analysis

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
Carol Moseley Braun, a former senator from Illinois, is largely unknown to
voters.
CHARLES KRUPA, Associated Press
The Rev. Al Sharpton (right) with other Democratic presidential hopefuls: Sen
Joseph I. Lieberman and Howard Dean (left), former governor of Vermont.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 2, 1989, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Challengers have their work cut out for them

BYLINE: Wendy Buchert

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 423 words


Tom Bradley is running for his fifth term as mayor of Los Angeles. His
challengers are City Councilman Nate Holden and former newscaster and former Los
Angeles County Supervisor Baxter Ward.

According to a poll conducted by The Los Angeles Times, more than half the
people surveyed in the city said they had no impression at all of Holden or
Ward. But nearly everyone had heard of Bradley.

The poll, conducted between Feb. 11 and Feb. 14, surveyed 873 Los Angeles
residents. About 57% said they wanted Bradley to run for a fifth term this year.
Main reason: his experience.

When asked whom they would vote for if the mayoral election were held today, 57%
said they would vote to re-elect Bradley. Only 5% said they would vote for
Holden, while 4% said they would vote for Ward.

Baxter Ward, who has not won an election since 1976 and is trying to run without
money or campaign staff, thinks there's a great difference between polls and
what the people say.

He says the people are very dissatisfied. The people are saying ''that there
hasn't been anything good happening for 16 years and there has to be a change.''

They want a change, says Ward, ''because they're tired of the crime, tired of
being scared to go outside their houses because the gangs have declared war, and
tired of not being able to drive anywhere because of the congestion.''

Ward is not accepting campaign contributions and he says he's not concerned
about the money.

''Either people want you or they don't, and money won't change that,'' he says.

''You wouldn't believe the freedom that not accepting campaign contributions
gives you,'' Ward says. ''If I took contributions, I'd be obligated to the very
people I want to fight.''

Holden, who also suffers from a lack of money, campaign organization and public
identity, represents a widespread view among blacks in Los Angeles that Bradley
has neglected his fellow blacks to serve the cause of growth and the white
business establishment.

''The current mayor is not listening to the people,'' Holden says. ''We all love
and respect the mayor,'' and ''he is a symbol of unity, but a symbol of neglect
underneath it.''

Yet in the Times poll, whites and blacks said almost equally - 70% of whites,
68% of blacks - that they have a favorable impression of Bradley after all these
years.

What is needed in Los Angeles, Holden says, is to ''control our traffic, make
our neighborhoods safe, improve the quality of our air.

''We need to get rid of the gangs that dominate our neighborhoods and give the
police the support they need to do that job.''

As far as winning the election goes, Holden thinks his chances are ''very
good.''

Holden remembers that when Bradley ran for his first term as mayor, he ran
against incumbent Sam Yorty, who had been in office for eight years. Bradley
told campaign watchers that eight years was enough.

''Now,'' says Holden, ''I'm saying 16 years is enough.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; b/w (Nate Holden); PHOTO; b/w (Baxter Ward)

CUTLINE: Nate Holden CUTLINE: Baxter Ward

TYPE: Inquiry

Accompanies; Topic; MAYOR OF L.A.; I'm running hard, and I'm confident I'll win

                      Copyright 1989 Gannett Company Inc.


                              808 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 21, 2002, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Know when to sell, diversify, look to basics

BYLINE: Matt Krantz

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1055 words

Search for dividends: Imagine if you were paid for every minute you had to wait
in line to get a driver's license or at the doctor's office. The process would
still be unpleasant but a lot more tolerable.

That's the theory of buying stocks that pay dividends, says Scott Black,
president of Delphi Management. Hold these stocks while you wait for the market
to recover, and you'll get money each quarter in the form of a dividend payment.
Even if the stock doesn't move, you make money. "At least you get paid while you
wait," Black says


But be careful. Even if a company pays you a dividend, you can still get whacked
if the stock falls apart. That's why Black prefers buying shares of real estate
investment trusts and energy firms. They pay large dividends, and their stocks
tend to be stable.

Stocks that fit the bill, Black says, include some he owns, such as suburban
office building owner Duke Realty, oil pipeline operator Teppco Partners and
petroleum shipper Enbridge Energy Partners.

Sell, before it's too late: Investors have been so conditioned to "buy and
hold," they often suffer staggering losses that are difficult to recover from.
That's why professional investors, such as Robert Wibbelsman of Strome
Securities, sell stocks before losses get insurmountable.

Choosing when to cut losses often is the tough part. Wibbelsman suggests selling
a stock once it drops below a low that has held in the past. For instance, he
sold shares of Univision shortly after they sliced below $ 38 a share -- which
had been their floor since early February. It's a good thing, because shortly
after falling below $ 38, they dropped further. The shares closed at $ 32.17 on
Thursday.

Some suggest even more concrete selling rules. Gerald Loeb recommended investors
sell stocks when they drop 10% below their purchase price in his classic book,
The Battle for Investment Survival, which was partially written shortly after
the great stock market crash of 1929.

Look for low volatility: If you don't have the stomach for a wild ride on Wall
Street, pay attention to something called beta. This statistical measure shows
you how much more or less volatile a stock is than the S&P 500.

If a stock has a beta of 1, that means it's equally as volatile as the S&P.
Likewise, if it's greater than 1, it's more volatile. And less than 1 means it's
less volatile.

To find out what the beta of a stock is, go to the Money section of
usatoday.com.

Diversify: The more stocks you own, the less exposed you'll be to an accounting
blowup or executive shake-up at one company. For that reason, Glenmede Trust's
Val de Vassal urges investors to own 40 to 60 stocks. If you don't want to
monitor that many stocks, de Vassal suggests keeping a portfolio of fewer
individual stocks but putting the rest of your money into mutual funds that own
50 or more stocks.

Getting investors to diversify so much has been difficult, says Frank Gleberman,
a financial adviser and principal of Los Angeles-based Century Benefits Group.
Most investors have fixated on specific stocks that have done well, rather than
spreading money between large and small firms as well as a broad range of
industries.

That was a trap Walter Guertler fell into in 2000. He'd plunked his money into
stocks in just a few sectors, including tech, that eventually tanked. Now, he
wants to spread his money into stocks in other industries, such as
pharmaceuticals and consumer staples (toothpaste and soap makers, for example).

Hunt for basic products: Bob Basel, a managing director and trader at Salomon
Smith Barney, says shares of companies such as PepsiCo, Coca-Cola and Procter &
Gamble that make things people use every day have been much more secure during
the downturn.

"These are stocks that don't go down 20% in one day," Basel says, "Although, I'm
knocking on wood."

To be sure, S&P's household and personal products industry group was one of the
10 out of 23 groups that have gained during the past 52 weeks. (Best-performing
companies, see chart, right.)

Seek out abundant cash: With a little work, you can gain a bit of peace of mind
by finding companies that generate more cash than they report in net earnings.
All you need to do is look up a company's financial statements at the Securities
and Exchange Commission's Web site www.sec.gov.

Make sure that a company's "cash flow from operations" on the cash-flow
statement is greater than its "net income" reported on the income statement,
says Jim Margard, chief equity strategist at Rainier Investment Management.

If you buy only companies that generate more cash than they report in net
income, you can avoid many that have lower-quality earnings. That's because it's
harder, although not impossible, to manipulate the cash-flow statement.


Hefty dividends

Profitable companies that pay annual dividend yields of at least 8% are paying
higher dividends than their five-year average. Also, these companies' stocks are
no more than 10% below their 52-week highs.

Company

Div. yield

Aegis Realty

8.5%

America First Apartment

8.7%

Cornerstone Realty Income

10.0%

Great Lakes REIT

9.1%

Highwoods Properties

8.4%

iStar Financial

8.7%

KeyCorp

8.7%

NovaStar Financial

9.9%

Redwood Trust

8.6%

Thornburg Mortgage

11.2%

Source: Multex

Low beta stocks

These profitable companies have stocks with betas of less than 0.9, meaning they
are less volatile than the market, and are trading no more than 5% below their
52-week highs.

Company

BetaYellow

0.89

Ross Stores

0.89

Albemarle

0.88

UnitedHealth Group

0.88

Hibernia

0.87

Bank of Hawaii

0.87

Pfeiffer Vacuum

0.85

Oxford Health Plans

0.85

M/I Schottenstein Homes

0.85

Humana

0.83

Source: Multex

Household safety

Top-performing stocks in Standard & Poor's Household & Personal Products
industry group the past 52 weeks

Company

52-week change

Procter & Gamble

50.5%

Pennzoil-Quaker State

47.1%

NBTY

45.2%

Dial

44.3%

Church & Dwight

39.6%

Source: Standard & Poor's

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Marcie J. Moline for USA TODAY

TYPE: MANAGING YOUR MONEY

                      Copyright 2002 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              809 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 24, 1986, Monday, Final Edition

Fund Cuts Spur Md. Black Leaders' Fast

SECTION: Metro; B6

LENGTH: 175 words


* In response to cuts in community programs and black institutions under the
Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit reduction law, 20 black community leaders from
Maryland held a 12-hour fast Saturday in Baltimore.

The fast was sponsored by the Maryland Federation of Organizations, a committee
of about 100 state groups, and by the Young Democrats of Baltimore.

It was held at the Baltimore office of Rep. Parren Mitchell (D-Md.) and was
considered a dry run of a 24-hour fast scheduled for May 10 at the Community
College of Baltimore's Liberty Campus. Organizers said they hope to raise
$150,000 at the two events.

Mitchell said he wants to raise money during the fasts to help civil rights
organizations because "it is unreasonable for the NAACP to go begging for money.
"

One-third of the money the group hopes to raise would be used to buy medical
supplies for African relief.

The rest would assist the Maryland Food Committee and the Black Leadership
Family Plan, a program designed to promote black development and survival in
Maryland.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              810 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               May 27, 1998, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Schools can seek magnet grants

BYLINE: SHELBY OPPEL

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 560 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Melrose Elementary and Hopkins Middle School can compete for federal money to
open as magnet schools this fall, a judge ruled Tuesday.

Hours away from a deadline to compete for the money, U.S. District Judge  Steven
Merryday approved the Pinellas School Board's plans for Melrose, 1752  13th Ave.
S, and Hopkins, formerly Sixteenth Street Middle.

"That's a relief," said Jacqueline Lestoric, PTA president at Melrose.  "That's
all we're asking for, for a fair shot."

Merryday's approval of the magnets as part of the district's desegregation  plan
is necessary for the schools to compete for up to $ 7.5-million to pay for
teacher training and equipment over three years.

If the schools win the grants, the money will create a  communications-themed
magnet at Melrose and expand a magnet program at Hopkins  to include all
students in arts, communications or global studies courses.

School officials planned to fax the judge's order Tuesday to the federal  Office
of Civil Rights in Washington, D.C., allowing Melrose and Hopkins to  compete
for the money against schools in 200 other districts.

"We are very pleased. It would have been most unfortunate to deny us the
opportunity to seek $ 7.5-million to put into two schools in south St.
Petersburg," said School Board attorney John Bowen.

Last month, plans for the new magnets were jeopardized by an objection from  the
NAACP Legal Defense Fund, which represents black students in a 1964  lawsuit
against the School Board.

The lawsuit claimed the district operated inferior schools for black  students
and prompted a federal busing order in 1971, which has required  cross-county
busing to desegregate schools according to strict racial ratios.

Last month, after the School Board voted to seek release from the busing  order,
the Legal Defense Fund asked Merryday to block the creation of the new  magnets.

Some board members said their vote to seek release from the order was a
response to community cries for an end to busing for desegregation and a  return
to neighborhood schools.

If so, the Legal Defense Fund contended, the board should not be turning
schools in black neighborhoods into magnets, which receive federal money in
part because they feature special themes and extra resources that draw white
students into predominantly black areas.

Merryday held hearings last week to hear from school officials and from  Enrique
Escarraz, an attorney for the Legal Defense Fund.

Escarraz said Tuesday he was not surprised by the judge's decision.

"I got an indication from the judge while the hearing was going on that  that
was (what) he was thinking. (The ruling) basically allows them to  continue with
their application and allows us to continue checking on them and  how they use
it," he said.

Merryday's ruling included recognition of the Legal Defense Fund's right to  ask
the judge to review the magnets and their consequences for the district at  a
later date.

All current students at Melrose and Hopkins will be able to attend the new
magnets, but no others have been accepted yet through a lottery. That's  because
the district will not know until late summer whether it will receive  the money
for the new programs. If the district had missed the Tuesday  deadline, the next
chance to compete for magnet money is in 2001.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); Judge Steven Merryday (ran City & State,
Metro & State); Enrique Escarraz (ran City & State, Metro & State)

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              811 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            February 17, 2012 Friday

Pennsylvania wants to reunite $72,000 with owners

BYLINE: Chris Togneri

LENGTH: 298 words


The state Treasury holds more than $72,000 in unclaimed property belonging to
black-run organizations that officials want to return during Black History
Month.

The values range from less than $100 to about $15,000 designated for Lincoln
University in Chester County, the office said on Thursday.

The state considers unclaimed property to be any asset untouched for five years
that is left with a holder. It can include bank accounts, stocks, uncashed
checks and valuables in safe deposit boxes or police department stolen-property
files.

After five years of inactivity, holders must send the abandoned property to the
Treasury Department, where officials are legally required to try to contact
rightful owners, said spokeswoman Elizabeth Foose.

"The top goal is to reunite the money (with the owner) because it's not the
state's money, it's your money," Foose said.

A staff of 80 researchers tries to find the owners, Foose said. The state has
more than $1.5 billion in unclaimed property and last year returned $99 million
to 72,000 people.

Among black-run institutions the office identified are 100 Black Men of Western
PA Inc. and the Greensburg-Jeannette branch of the NAACP. Officials with those
groups could not be reached.

An official with the PA Black Conference on Higher Education said she was
unaware of unclaimed property but eager to call the Treasury to find out more.

Foose said the office works year-round on unclaimed property returns and
occasionally adopts a theme to raise awareness.

During the holiday season, for example, researchers targeted individuals rather
than organizations, offering unclaimed property as an unexpected Christmas gift.
After State Treasurer Rob McCord visited a school district in Erie, staff began
targeting educational institutions, Foose said.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 29, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Ewing fiasco: Shame on N.Y.

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 563 words


What a sad and ignoble end to the career of Patrick Ewing, one
of the best of the new generation of basketball players. It's
a shame that the people of New York, with their usual attitude,
painted such a shadow on Ewing's career. I've followed Patrick's
career and became a Knicks fan after he put on their uniform.
Like Ewing, it's time to move on to greener pastures.

Kevin Swiger

Weston, W.Va.

Bonds and pressure: Chuck Johnson's "touchy-feely" article
on Barry Bonds ("Family Bonds," Aug. 9) is all well and good.
However, if my team is in a close game in the ninth inning of
the seventh game of the World Series, I don't want Bonds in the
outfield or at bat. He couldn't handle the pressure.

Ted McKissick

Hollywood, Fla.

Where fine should go: Ray Lewis should pay his fine. However,
the NFL certainly does not need the money. Right? The NFL should
give this money to playgrounds, YMCA, etc., in Baltimore. This
way, young boys and girls can benefit from the programs this money
would support. Ray Lewis can afford the money, the NFL doesn't
need the money.

Margaret Hook

Cumberland, Md.

No big deal: The breasts of Jenny Thompson are the least
impressive thing about her body. So what's the big deal? They
aren't even exposed. When are we going to accept the female as
a beautiful, natural thing as we do the male body ("Women athletes
need to keep their clothes on," Aug. 14). Seeing the female being
is not immoral. As long as society says this is wrong, we are
feeding the "old stereotype."

Jennifer Weiss

Glendale, Ariz.

'Wonderful' role model: Christine Brennan's editorial ("Role-modeling
opportunity lost," Aug. 17) on Anthony Ervin was a demonstration
of a reporter who is misguided, misinformed and missed a few lessons.
As the mother of an 8-year-old boy who wholeheartedly idolizes
Anthony, I sleep well at night knowing that my son has a wonderful
role model. Not once have I stopped to question whether Anthony's
3/8 African, 1/8 American Indian, 1/4 Jewish and 1/4 Italian makeup
was adequate for my 1/4 Mexican, 1/4 Hungarian, 1/4 Irish, 1/4
French son. Anthony became my son's hero not only because of his
outstanding character but because he truly is a good person. Role
models should not emphasize race more than character. Michael
Jordan is a role model to white as well as black basketball fans
because of his character and ability. This is why the attack on
Anthony is unjustified and insidious.

Adina Neale

Newhall, Calif.

Marketing practices: On Aug. 15 you published my letter
to the editor. In the process of trimming for space, my meaning
was drastically altered. The published version says: "Did you
know there's a drinking crisis among African-American women? They
need a role model, and (Lisa) Leslie, a graceful, athletic, beautiful
black woman, fits the bill." My facetious point in the original
letter is that the "crisis" is strictly from the point of view
of alcohol manufacturers. I pointed out that no sizable demographic
drinks less than black women. For instance, as I point
out, black female college students are three times less likely
to be frequent binge drinkers than their white sisters. My letter
was intended as a sarcastic swipe at the marketing practices of
Anheuser-Busch.

Dennis Hans

St. Petersburg, Fla.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              813 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 20, 1994, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SORORITY REAFFIRMS ITS MISSION; MEETING HERE STRESSES COMMITMENT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 419 words


If you've been anywhere near downtown this week, you've seen them: thousands of
black women dressed in red and white.

All are members of Delta Sigma Theta sorority. About 7,000 of them have been in
St. Louis this week sharing ideas, stories, memories and hopes. But more than
anything, they are rededicating themselves to their cause: helping the needy.

Twenty-two women adopted the philosophy when they organized the predominantly
black sorority at Howard University in 1913. Today, the sorority has 175,000
members around the world. They include women from many different professions,
although most are teachers. For many, the sorority's mission has become a
lifetime commitment.

Felicia Wintons, 35, has been living the principle since she pledged at the
University of Southern Florida 20 years ago.

"If you're not giving, you can't receive," Wintons said Tuesday after attending
a conference luncheon at the Regal Riverfront Hotel downtown. "That's why I come
to these meetings every two years, to get refueled."

The convention ends today.

For Wintons, this week's speeches and workshops have revived her to resume
activities that help her graduate chapter in Tampa, Fla., raise money for
scholarships. She finds time for the work during off hours from a bookstore that
specializes in African-American merchandise.

She says the most significant message she has absorbed at this convention is
that blacks "need to love each other more."

La Cannon, 21, is a senior at Wake Forest University in Winston-Salem, N.C. She
plans to become a sports and entertainment attorney.

"That's where much of the African-American community's money goes," she said. "I
want to direct the money back by encouraging my clients to invest in the black
community."

Cathryn Smith of Detroit is a retired teacher who joined Delta Sigma Theta at
Wayne State University 50 years ago. At home she works with her graduate chapter
on health and education programs.

"It's the legacy of those 22 women that you're seeing," she said. "I'm so
impressed that when I get home, I'm going to do a little bit more volunteer
work."

At Tuesday's luncheon, PBS correspondent Charlayne Hunter-Gault said membership
in the sorority helped her cope with racism at the University of Georgia, where
she was one of the first black students in the early 1960s.

It helped her see that whites' perception differed from her vision of the world.

It still allows her to stay focused "on the dream rather than reality," she
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; (1) Color Photo By Odell Mitchell Jr./Post-Dispatch - La Cannon
tells what it means to belong to Delta Sigma Theta sorority, meeting here this
week. (Same photo as above) La Cannon, A Wake Forest University student, tells
what it means to belong to Delta Sigma Theta sorority, meeting here this week.
(This cutline ran in the 3* edition only) (2) Color Photo By Odell Mitchell
Jr./Post-Dispatch - Cathryn Smith of Detroit is a retired teacher who joined
Delta Sigma Theta 50 years ago. (Same photo as above) Cathryn Smith of Detroit
is a retired teacher who joined Delta sigma Theta 50 years ago at Wayne State
University. (This cutline ran in the 3* edition only)

TYPE: PROFILE DELTA SIGMA THETA SORORITY

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              814 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                            April 29, 2009 Wednesday

Police Beat

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 765  words


PASADENA

2 hurt in crash

Two people were seriously injured Monday night after a crash on Solley Road near
Heather Lane, county Fire Department officials said.

Firefighters were called to the crash at 8:10 p.m. in the 8100 block of Solley
Road. They found a two-vehicle, head-on crash.

A 20-year-old man had to be freed from a vehicle. He was taken with serious
life-threatening injuries by ambulance to Maryland Shock Trauma Center in
Baltimore, officials said.

The other person, a 69-year-old woman, was also taken to the hospital by
ambulance with serious, but not life-threatening injuries.

Vacant home burns

Firefighters battled a fire at a vacant home in Pasadena for more than one and a
half hours Thursday afternoon, county Fire Department officials said.

Firefighters were called to the 400 block of Greenland Beach Road in the Orchard
Beach area at 5:11 p.m. and found smoke coming from the building, said Capt.
Debbie Bowen, a Fire Department spokeswoman.

It took 26 firefighters until 6:46 p.m. to get the fire under control, Bowen
said. The home has been vacant for about four months and its owners are
deceased, she said.

The fire originated on the porch and was electrical, Bowen said. It caused
$250,000 worth of damages and also damaged a home next door. A damage estimate
for that house was not available.

Toddler falls

A toddler was seriously injured when he fell from a third-story window in
Pasadena Friday night.

Fire Department officials said the 3-year-old boy was taken to the Johns Hopkins
Children's Center with serious but not life-threatening injuries after he fell
through a window in a building in the 7500 block of Brightwater Beach Road.

The circumstances of the fall were not clear.

Gas station robbed

A man robbed the BP gas station in the 8000 block of Ritchie Highway in Pasadena
Monday night, county police said.

Officers were called to the station at 9:01 p.m. for the report of a robbery.
The clerk said a man came into the store, showed her a knife and demanded money,
police said.

The clerk handed over some cash and the man ran south. Officers weren't able to
find him.

The robber was described as a black man with a black and gray beard and
mustache, 6 feet 2 inches tall and 200 pounds. He was wearing a black hooded
sweatshirt and black pants, police said.

glen burnie

7-Eleven robbed

Two men robbed the 7-Eleven in the 7300 block of East Furnace Branch Road in
Glen Burnie Monday night, county police said.

Officers were called to the store at 10:53 p.m. for the report of the robbery.
When they arrived, the store clerk told them that a man came into the store and
approached the counter, as if to buy something. The man flashed a chrome
revolver from his waistband and demanded money, police said.

Then a second man came into the store, walked behind the counter and took money
from the cash drawers, police said.

Both men ran away and officers were not able to find them.

One robber was described as a black man, 18 to 20 years old, 5 feet 8 inches
tall to 5 feet 10 inches tall, 150 pounds. He was wearing a black shirt and dark
pants, police said.

The other robber was described as a black man, 18 to 20 years old, 6 feet tall,
180 pounds. He was wearing a black ran jacket and dark pants, police said.

Royal Farms robbed

Two men walked into the Royal Farms Store early Sunday morning, pulled a gun and
demanded money from the clerk, police said.

Police said the men entered the Royal Farms at 200 Oak Manor Drive about 3:23
a.m. and pretended to buy something. One of the men brandished a silver revolver
while his accomplice walked behind the counter and took money from the cash
drawer.

The men were last seen running towards the Woodhill Apartments. Witnesses
described both robbers black men in their early 20s, 5 feet, 6 inches tall with
medium builds. One had a mustache and was wearing a black, Fubu hoody. The other
was wearing a black, vinyl hoody.

jessup

5 injured in crash

Five people were injured in a multiple-car crash early Saturday morning in
Jessup on the southbound lanes of the Baltimore Washington Parkway near Route
175, officials said.

An 18-year-old woman suffered "multiple system injuries" and was taken to
Maryland Shock Trauma with serious, life-threatening injuries. Her identity was
not disclosed by Saturday evening, and her condition is unknown.

Also, a 30-year-old man and a 35-year-old woman were taken Maryland Shock Trauma
with serious, but not life-threatening, injuries, fire department officials
said. Two other people suffered minor injuries.

The cause of the crash in under investigation by the U.S. Park Police, which
patrols the roadway.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 14, 2001 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Helping Blacks Overcome Barriers to Homeownership

BYLINE: Michelle Singletary

SECTION: FINANCIAL; THE COLOR OF MONEY MICHELLE SINGLETARY; Pg. H01

LENGTH: 921 words


The U.S. Census Bureau tells us that the rate of homeownership for all Americans
is 67 percent. But among African Americans it is only 47 percent.

Now for many families, their biggest asset is their home. Borrowing against the
equity in that home can send children to college, pay off credit card bills or
help a family weather a financial crisis. Not owning a home puts many blacks at
a financial disadvantage.

That's why I applaud the efforts of Freddie Mac, one of the largest providers of
mortgage money to lenders, to target potential African American homeowners by
creating CreditSmart, a "financial literacy" program designed to teach consumers
how to acquire and maintain good credit. The ultimate goal of the initiative is
to increase the homeownership rates of black Americans. Eventually, Freddie Mac
will roll out the program for Hispanic Americans and then all consumers.

"Across the board, there are financial literacy issues for all Americans," said
Deborah Hyman, a spokeswoman for Freddie Mac. "We chose to focus first on blacks
because that is where the greatest deficiency is in homeownership."

But one of the biggest barriers to homeownership for many African Americans is
poor credit, Hyman said. That doesn't mean blacks are inherently deadbeats.
Consider these facts from the Census Bureau:

* Blacks had a median household income of $ 30,439 in 2000. Although that was an
all-time high, it still lagged significantly behind the $ 45,904 median income
for non-Hispanic whites.

* African American families tend to be larger than white families. For example,
21 percent of African American married-couple families had five or more members,
compared with 12 percent of their non-Hispanic white counterparts.

* Among African Americans age 16 and over who were employed, only 22 percent
worked in managerial and professional specialty occupations, compared with 33
percent of whites. On the other hand, 23 percent of blacks worked in the service
industry, compared with 12 percent of whites.

What do these statistics tell us? That blacks have to make do with less money
while financially supporting more people. In fact, 27 percent of African
American households support friends or family beyond those living with them.
That's compared with 12 percent of white households, according to a survey by
Charles Schwab & Co. and Ariel Capital Management.

Add all the above factors to the lack of understanding of how credit works and
you have a population in which many members have credit trouble.

To help blacks understand, build and maintain better credit, Freddie Mac
developed a curriculum about credit in partnership with five historically black
colleges -- Benedict College, Clark Atlanta University, Florida A&M University,
Howard University and Saint Augustine's College.

The courses offered under CreditSmart are being taught nationwide by affiliates
of the colleges and other sponsoring groups, including the National Urban
League, the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition, One Thousand Churches Connected, HomeFree-
USA and the American Homeowner Education and Counseling Training Institute,
which helped develop the CreditSmart curriculum.

"Any help we can get to overcome some of these credit issues is very welcome,"
said Marcia Griffin, president and founder of HomeFree-USA.

Griffin said a lack of information often leads to poor credit choices by blacks.
As an example, Griffin, who is black, said she recently shopped for a car. When
it came time to talk about financing, the salesman said all he could offer was
an 18 percent interest rate because she had a "few dings" on her credit report.

"I told him he had to be crazy," Griffin said. "I knew my credit score was
almost 700. But what would have happened had I not known I had good credit?"

Until recently, many consumers did not have access to their credit score, the
numerical measure lenders use to determine creditworthiness. Nicolas Retsinas,
director of the Joint Center for Housing Studies at Harvard University, said
that a third of all consumers, unaware of their good credit standing, use
subprime lenders, which command higher interest rates and less-favorable lending
terms.

"It's not that their credit is impaired, but for many people it's the perception
it is impaired," Retsinas said.

In the past, Retsinas said, it was the lack of a down payment that was the
principal barrier to blacks' owning a home. Today, with a variety of lending
products that require little or no money down, poor credit is the critical
barrier.

Whether blacks actually have bad credit or the perception that they do, the key
to getting a home will be becoming better-informed about how credit works.

Ultimately, as Retsinas said, having and maintaining good credit comes down to
this: Make sure when you borrow that you pay on time. And don't borrow for wants
but needs.

Now that's being credit smart.

Send in an original haiku -- a short, three-line poem -- about why you want to
have a simpler, less-expensive holiday season. The first-place winner will
receive $ 100. Second- and third-place winners will receive $ 50 and $ 25,
respectively. To enter the Holiday Haiku contest, please mail or e-mail entries
by Nov. 9. You must include a daytime and evening telephone number, name, and
address. E-mail your entry to singletarym@washpost.com, or mail it to me in care
of The Washington Post, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071.

While Michelle Singletary welcomes comments and column ideas, she cannot offer
specific personal financial advice.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2001 The Washington Post


                              816 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 15, 1996, Sunday, Final Edition

A Collective Source of Black Power

Courtland Milloy

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01; COURTLAND MILLOY

LENGTH: 914 words


When the Rev. Jonathan L. Weaver wanted to borrow $ 50,000 for a new worship
center a few years ago, his bank balked. Weaver's loan request would be
considered, the bank told him, only if the old building was put up as collateral
and only if no fewer than three trustees would guarantee the loan.

For Weaver and his congregation at Greater Mount Nebo AME Church in Upper
Marlboro, which had just paid off a 30-year mortgage in seven years, the bank's
response amounted to a slap in the face.

But instead of turning the other cheek, as so many black churches have done
under similar circumstances, Weaver threatened to take the church's business
elsewhere. Confronted with this new stand, the bank reconsidered and Weaver got
the loan.

Weaver also got an idea: Maybe, just maybe, the days of African Americans with a
hat-in-hand mentality were over. Perhaps, with the venerable black church as
their guide, black people could harness their economic potential for the
empowerment of their communities, as other people do.

Weaver's idea has materialized into an organization, the Collective Banking
Group of Prince George's County and Vicinity Inc. At a two-day community
empowerment conference that ended yesterday, the three-year-old group announced
that it has signed a covenant with four banks -- three black-owned and one
white-owned -- that have demonstrated a commitment to investing in the black
community. Churches in the collective, along with their members, are encouraged
to transfer their accounts to those banks. In return, they receive special
considerations when applying for such things as mortgages and business loans.

The collective's membership includes 80 black churches in the Washington area
and 35 in Baltimore that cross 19 denominations. The member churches represent
more than 200,000 African Americans who put about $ 20 million a year,
conservatively speaking, in church collection plates. The group has funneled
nearly $ 60 million into the four banks, Weaver said.

"There has been a paradigm shift," said Weaver, who holds a master's degree in
business administration from Harvard University and is president of the group.
"Our churches have transcended politics to focus on improving the economy of our
communities."

It is a historic transformation, rooted in the moral vision of the black church
and the enormous, untapped economic resources of black America.

Requests for blueprints of the collective's plan are pouring in from black
church groups in other states. Given the similarities of the crisis in black
communities throughout the United States, the hope is that thousands of black
churches will support one another, as they did during the civil rights movement,
by pooling their financial resources in the name of economic justice.

"Instead of picketing and protesting for fairness, we are taking a proactive,
business approach," said the Rev. Joaquin Willis, vice president of the group
and pastor of Amistad United Church of Christ in Kettering. "We are saying, 'No
more begging. We have the power. We have the clout. And if you don't do business
the way we want, we won't do business with you.' "

As the ministers see it, money is a tool that African Americans should learn to
use instead of being used by it. They hope to replace the legendary exploitation
of the black consumer mentality with a mind-set for investment,
entrepreneurship, savings and collective bargaining.

At a retreat to develop a vision of how to use the money, the ministers
discovered that the more they talked, the more they were able to put ego and
pride aside. They came to trust one another, shattering that age-old obstacle to
black progress: suspicion whenever money is involved.

"Money became secondary," Willis said. "Our first principle became bringing
God's agenda into the business community and thereby raising the ethical
standards of the whole environment. Our approach calls into question the purpose
of money. What is the best way to help a community in need of healing?"

The group identified underemployment, not just unemployment, as one of the
biggest problems facing African Americans. One of the group's missions is to
better use the gifts and skills of the African Americans of Prince George's
County, the nation's richest black-majority suburb.

The efforts are paying off. One church member who owns a consulting company was
about to lose a $ 20 million government contract he had won because his bank had
refused to give him a $ 1 million line of credit -- even though his company is
worth $ 17 million. But through the collective and its covenant, the man
obtained the credit through a participating bank, was able to hire more people
and is now making good on his government deal.

The banks involved with the collective are Industrial Bank of Washington, Harbor
Bank of Maryland and Enterprise Savings and Loan, all black owned, and Riggs
National Bank of Washington.

It is important to note that all financial institutions are given an equal
opportunity to compete for the collective's money every two years and that
preference is given to those who demonstrate a commitment to self-sustaining
economic empowerment for African Americans. "We believe that with God in the
house, we have a savior for our economic plight," Willis said. "In this climate
of concern about welfare and economic disparities in American life, we want
people to know that there are options, and the church is a viable one."

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              817 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Star News (Wilmington, NC)

                             March 26, 2006 Sunday

Will Dems go down with Jim Black?

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 531 words


The leader of Democrats in the N.C. House now is being investigated for possible
criminal violations of the election law. But whether Jim Black is indicted or
convicted is beside the point.

Black presides over a system in which people and organizations that want favors
from the legislature believe they can buy them from Black and the legislators -
Republicans as well as Democrats - that he buys with their "campaign
contributions."

On the same day the State Board of Elections voted unanimously to ask a
prosecutor to investigate Black and the optometrists and video poker operators
who may have broken the law when they gave him money, the state Board of Ethics
took up yet another hairy matter in which Black played a role.

The head of the obscure Board of Electrolysis Examiners sought "campaign
contributions" of $5,000 apiece from hair-removal specialists to help pass a
bill that would let them use lasers.

The Democratic legislator who sponsored the bill allowed the lobbyist for the
electrolysis industry to help write the bill - though the Honorable had no
earthly idea that money might have been spent to smooth the way. Perish the
thought.

In any case, despite the apparent unease of the medical profession about the use
of potentially dangerous lasers by hair-zapping folks, the House passed the bill
93-20. It awaits action in the Senate.

In a solicitation to colleagues in the follicle-frying fraternity, Trudy Brown
explained that the last time they needed political help - when the Honorables
established the electrolysis board - it cost $100,000.

Care to guess who appointed Brown to that board? You're catching on.

Understand: If Black were to be convicted of breaking one of the laws he and his
buddies wrote, the penalty would be piddling. Black and like-minded statesmen in
Raleigh have seen to it that violations of the election laws are misdemeanors.

What matters is what North Carolinians have learned in recent months about how
Black does business, and with whom.

About how he uses public money to create state jobs for people who help him keep
power.

About how he sneaked into law a requirement that children get full-scale eye
exams that would benefit his own profession, and how some people in that
profession sent stacks of incomplete checks to him to use where they would do
the most good.

About how he protects the video poker industry, which a good-government
researcher says is "engaged in laundering illegal profits ... and converting
them into political donations ... which have the purpose of protecting the
illegal machines."

About how he cut the budget of a state agency that had fined his son, a
pesticide operator.

About how his "unpaid political adviser" was on the payroll of a company that
wanted North Carolina to pass a lottery so it could get a piece of the action.
And about how Black appointed another company "consultant" to the board that
runs the lottery. (He resigned when his cover blew.)

If after these revelations - and heaven knows how many more to come - House
Democrats don't refuse Black's dirty money and don't replace him as their
leader, they will announce to the voters that they are willing - nay,
enthusiastic - accomplices to corruption.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Black says U.S. lacks authority to prosecute

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, National Post; CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E11

LENGTH: 257  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO - Conrad Black is seeking to have criminal charges against him
dismissed, arguing the United States does not have jurisdictional authority to
prosecute him and there is not enough evidence to convict him.

In court papers filed in Chicago late Friday, the former media baron said most
of the misconduct alleged by the U.S. attorney for the northern district of
Illinois took place in Canada, not the United States.

"The acts alleged to form the offence occurred in Canada. Not only does the
United States lack jurisdiction to prosecute Mr. Black ... but the venue in the
northern district of Illinois is improper," the filings say of a wire-fraud
charge stemming from a transfer of money from a Toronto bank.

The filings also argued that racketeering charges should be dropped on
jurisdictional grounds.

"Of the five individuals alleged to be components of the 'enterprise,' four are
not United States citizens," say the documents, which characterize other
allegations against Black as "irrelevant, inflammatory and prejudicial."

Last November, Black was indicted on mail and wire-fraud charges, which were
later broadened to include money laundering, racketeering and obstruction of
justice.

The criminal indictment accuses Black and a handful of former top executives of
diverting tens of millions of dollars from the Hollinger publishing empire, and
accuses Black of "fraudulent misuse" of perks, including $40,000 toward a
birthday party for his wife and a South Pacific vacation in which the couple
flew to Bora Bora on a corporate jet.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        York Daily Record (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Police release video of East Prospect bank robbery suspect

BYLINE: Ted Czech, York Daily Record, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 279 words


Aug. 25--Update, Aug. 25:

Pennsylvania State Police, along with the FBI, have released a surveillance
video of a man who robbed a bank in East Prospect in April, in hopes of
identifying the man.

(See the video here.)

Anyone who can identify the suspect or has any information is asked to call
Crime Stoppers at 1-800-4PA-TIPS. A reward up to $2,000 is being offered for any
information leading to the arrest and prosecution of the suspect. Callers can
remain anonymous, according to a news release.

The robbery occurred just after 10 a.m. on April 24 at the Susquehanna Bank in
East Prospect. The suspect is a white male, wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt,
black workout pants with white stripes, a black knit ski mask, and black knit
gloves.

Previous report:

State police are looking for the man they said robbed an East Prospect bank of a
"large amount of money," according to a news release.

The man entered the Susquehanna Bank at 1 S. Main St., around 10 a.m. Friday,
with a two-tone semi-automatic handgun and demanded money.

The money was placed in a white and gray plaid pillowcase, which the man brought
with him, according to police.

The man told employees to face away from him until he left, and police were
unable to locate him.

The man was about 5-feet-8-inches tall, and was wearing a dark gray hooded
zip-up sweatshirt, black face mask, black gloves, black pants and black shoes,
police said.

Police said he fled northbound. Anyone with information is asked to call state
police at 717-428-1011.

Click here for more photos from this story.

___ (c)2015 York Daily Record (York, Pa.) Visit York Daily Record (York, Pa.) at
www.ydr.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150825-YO-Police-release-video-of-East-Prospect-bank-robbery-suspect-0825-2015
0825

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YO


                        Copyright 2015 York Daily Record


                              820 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Black fails to get remaining convictions dropped

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: CANADA / WORLD; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 270 words


Conrad Black has lost a bid to have his remaining convictions dismissed on the
basis that prosecutors "intentionally deprived" him from hiring the defence
lawyers he wanted.

The filing, made last year in a U.S. District Court in Chicago, centred on
claims that law enforcement's seizure of $9 million of proceeds from the sale of
his New York apartment left Black without enough money to retain lawyers Brendan
Sullivan and Gregory Craig of Williams & Connolly LLP in Washington.

The former media baron purchased the apartment from his company Hollinger in
2000 for $3 million US and later sold for $9 million US. His lawyers argued that
prosecutors deceived the court to obtain two warrants to seize the assets by
concealing information that would have undermined their case for taking the
money.

Black said that without the money he couldn't afford the services of the two
high-profile lawyers. Sullivan served as defence counsel for U.S. Marines
Lieutenant-Colonel Oliver North during the Iran-Contra scandal. Craig worked on
Barack Obama's White House Counsel, represented John Hinckley, Jr. when he was
acquitted of an attempted assassination of Ronald Reagan, and represented
Goldman Sachs in 2010.

On Tuesday, Illinois Justice Amy St. Eve, the same judge who presided over
Black's initial fraud charges, denied the motion.

Black, who was released from prison last May, would have been cleared of two
remaining fraud counts if his motion was successful.

Black served 37 months of a 42-month sentence in a Florida prison and returned
to Canada last year under a special temporary permit because he is no longer a
citizen.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    APRIL 17, 1996 Wednesday SFCITY EDITION

WILL MONEY BLOCK GREAT CATCHER'S HONOR?< ROY CAMPANELLA WENT TO GRATZ.< HE MAY
BE IN LINE FOR A PLAQUE THERE, IF THE CASH CAN BE RAISED.

BYLINE: Laura J. Bruch, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 737 words


Roy Campanella was one of the first dominant black baseball players in America,
a three-time MVP, a Hall of Famer and . . .

A homeboy.

It's one of those sometimes-overlooked facts about the Brooklyn Dodger who was
the greatest catcher of his time that a life filled with success (and its share
of sorrow) unfolded early on right here in Philadelphia.

Today, the Pennsylvania Historical and Museum Commission will decide whether he
and 74 others are deserving of those blue and gold historical markers that the
state gives out to commemorate significant people, places or events.
Pennsylvania has 1,650 such markers already.

Even if Campanella gets the nod, however, there is one problem.

There's not enough money to purchase the $1,050 marker, which would be placed at
Simon Gratz, the inner-city high school Campanella attended. Gratz could surely
use the boost.

"It's a big deal for the school, as we honor those who have attended and those
who have added to the greatness of the school," Gratz assistant principal James
Slaughter said yesterday.

Harrisburg normally has some money to put toward historical markers, but there
is no more available this year, said Robert Weible, chief of the commission's
division of history. Private groups often pick up the slack.

So nix the state.

Celeste A. Morello, who submitted the nomination - and eight others - to the
historical commission, doesn't have the money, either, although she has tried to
raise it. The Italian Market historian got Gratz to set up a trust fund in
March.

So far, there's nothing in it.

"I've been receiving several calls . . .," Slaughter said hopefully.

When Morello asked the Dodgers to make a donation, she said, they stiffed her.
She got a call in March from a Dodgers spokeswoman saying the ball club simply
didn't have the money in its budget.

Officials did not return a call placed yesterday to the office of Los Angeles
Dodgers president Peter O'Malley.

Campanella grew up in Nicetown, the son of a black mother and a father of
Italian descent who owned a produce shop on Rising Sun Avenue.

At Gillespie Junior High, at 18th and Pike, he went out for baseball. Everyone
else wanted to be an infielder, outfielder or pitcher, legend has it. Campanella
was the sole applicant for catcher.

As a 15-year-old sophomore at Gratz, Campanella started playing weekends with
the Bacharach Giants, a Negro League team based in Atlantic City. During a trip
to New York, he got an offer from the manager of the Baltimore Elite Giants. At
$60 a month, the money was too good to pass up, and Campanella left Gratz
without graduating.

He joined the Dodgers in the middle of the 1948 season, the fourth black man to
play big-league ball in the modern era. For the next 10 years, he compiled a
record of acclaim. He played in five World Series, was named the National
League's Most Valuable Player in 1951, 1953 and 1955, and set major-league
records for catchers with 41 homers and 142 RBIs in 1953.

Tragedy struck on a January night in 1958 as Campanella was driving to his Long
Island home. His car skidded on ice, slammed into a telephone pole and
overturned. He was left a quadriplegic, immobilized from the chest down.

Though his playing career was over, he continued to coach for the Dodgers, now
relocated to Los Angeles. In 1969, he was elected to the Hall of Fame.

Twenty-four years later, Campanella, 71, died of a heart attack at his home in
Woodland Hills, outside L.A.

His sister Doris Coursey, who operates Milord's Specialty Shop in West
Philadelphia, thought to be the oldest business run by a black woman in the
city, said yesterday she was surprised by the interest in a historical marker in
honor of her brother "at this late date."

She was also surprised by the choice of Gratz as the site for the marker, since
her brother never graduated. She and her sister did.

Still, she thought Campy would approve.

"I appreciate the thoughtfulness, and I'm sure he would be quite proud," she
said.

Even if Morello and others can't get the money for the marker now, they can
still do it later, according to the historical commission's Weible. Approval is
what counts.

But Morello is determined. She likes to think big, as in a dedication ceremony
at Veterans Stadium when the Phillies play the Dodgers on May 29.

"I don't care if it takes me a year," she said. "We're going to do it."

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO (1)
1. Roy Campanella went from Simon Gratz High School on to a Hall of Fame
baseball career with the Brooklyn Dodgers. (Associated Press)

                  Copyright 1996 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        August 1, 1997 Friday 2D EDITION

Group told to support fellow blacks Take control of industries that rely on your
money, publisher urges

BYLINE: By Robert Schwab, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 546 words


As blacks undertake an economic revolution aimed at making themselves employers
rather than employees, they should take control of industries that rely on their
money, a Chicago author and book publisher told the National Black Chamber of
Commerce on Thursday.

"Shaq and Ewing and Jordan," said Jawanza Kunjufu, referring to professional
basketball players Shaquille O'Neal, Patrick Ewing and Michael Jordan, "should
say, 'We aren't going to play anymore unless you start cutting us in on some
deals."'

Kunjufu, who employs 21 people at African American Images, his publishing house,
preached economic self determination to the 200 people opening the chamber's
fifth annual convention at the Adam's Mark Hotel.

From the National Basketball Association, where 86 percent of starters are
black, to the black hair-care industry - "We're the only consumers of black
hair-care products, and we don't control the industry," he said - Kunjufu urged
his audience to use their money to affect the second Reconstruction of the
nation's black community.

"We talk black, but we don't spend black," Kunjufu said. "We spend 97 percent of
our money outside of black businesses."

He said 150 of the nation's largest black organizations spend $ 16 million each
year at hotels like the Adam's Mark, Hyatt, Marriott or Hilton. He suggested the
groups hold their meetings at lower costs on the campuses of black colleges for
a year, invest the savings in four regional black-owned hotels, then schedule
their future business where it will help fuel more jobs for more
African-Americans.

"Eighty-five percent of black businesses don't employ anybody but themselves,"
he said referring to sole-proprietorships. "You need to make yourself a thriving
business."

Among the audience at that first session were 80 local young people who had been
offered chamber "scholarships" to attend the three-day convention for free and
to witness what was happening in the black business community. About 600 people
are expected at a tribute dinner tonight honoring Dr. Arthur Fletcher, former
chairman of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights. It will be keynoted by former
Ambassador to the United Nations Andrew Young.

At a question-and-answer session before Kunjufu's remarks, chamber chief
executive Harry Alford said the group had rejected several offers to settle a
discrimination suit the chamber filed in 1996 against US West, the regional
telephone company. The suit accuses the company of a practice of denying
contracts to black businesses in the company's 14-state service area.

"What we're proposing to the chamber will create even more opportunities for
African-American firms at US West," said David Beigie, a company spokesman.
Alford said the company's offers haven't been "relevant to our suit."

A competitor of US West, MCI Communications Corp., which is to begin offering
local phone service in Colorado by Oct. 15, announced it had chosen RMES
Communications Inc., a Denver telecommunications company, as its fourth
minority-owned protege company.

The company program is designed to recruit minority-owned partners to help MCI
enter local markets dominated by huge regional telephone companies. RMES is
owned by Herman Malone, current chairman of the National Black Chamber.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Denver Post/Dave Buresh Author and publisher Jawanza Kunjufu
preached economic self determination to the attendees at the National Black
Chamber of Commerce convention Thursday in Denver.

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Library Journal Reviews

                                 April 15, 2016

Mavericks, Money, and Men: The AFL, Black Players, and the Evolution of Modern
Football

BYLINE: Boyd Childress

SECTION: REVIEWS; Arts and Humanities;  Vol. 141 No. 7

LENGTH: 267 words


Ross, Charles K. Mavericks, Money, and Men: The AFL, Black Players, and the
Evolution of Modern Football. Temple Univ. May 2016. 200p. notes. bibliog.
index. ISBN 9781439913079. $19.95. SPORTS

The tumultuous 1960s were a decade marked by racial and social issues across the
gamut of American life, not just in sports. However, the emergence of the
American Football League (AFL) created an excitement unmatched in professional
sports. Lamar Hunt, founder and owner of the Kansas City Chiefs, and Bud Adams,
former Tennessee Titans owner, initiated the new league in 1959. For the next
ten years the AFL slowly rivaled the more established National Football League
(NFL), resulting in a merger in 1970. But during the 1960s, the AFL
revolutionized professional football, both with the game experience and the
social "experiment" of drafting and hiring black players. Ross (African American
Studies, history, Univ. of Mississippi; Outside the Lines) focuses on the
league's recruitment of black players from historically black colleges and
universities (HBCUs) such as Grambling State, Florida A&M, and North Carolina
Central. Racial attitudes and racism prevented most NFL teams from adding black
players, but many future stars and hall-of-famers found opportunities in the
AFL, partially owing to more creative ownership and partially to fill out team
rosters. Ross's narrative runs dry at times, but he aptly documents the
evolution of the current NFL and how the integration of professional football
paralleled the social integration of American life.--Boyd Childress, formerly
with Auburn Univ. Libs., AL

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                      Copyright 2016 Library Journals, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           October 27, 1994, Thursday

Brooks' firm is paid $ 52,000 by state GOP

BYLINE: By Ben Smith III STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 1

LENGTH: 358 words


The Georgia Republican Party is paying $ 52,000 to a firm owned by state Rep.
Tyrone Brooks, a black Atlanta Democrat who crossed party lines Wednesday to
endorse Guy Millner, the Republican nominee for governor.

The disclosure drew stiff criticism from other black Democrats, including former
Sen. Eugene Walker of Decatur, who called Brooks a "political mercenary."

Brooks strongly denied that he had sold his endorsement and said he was unaware
of the deal. "Money is not my motive," he said.

Don Bolia, state GOP executive director, confirmed that the party was paying the
sum to Brooks' company, African-American Business Systems, which Brooks
described as a consulting firm. The party is also paying $ 15,000 to Jackson
Heath and Associates, a black-owned public relations company, he said.

Bolia said the money was an unprecedented effort to underwrite a campaign to get
traditionally Democratic black voters to the polls to cast Republican votes.
"It's the first time we're saying that we believe we actively want to go into
the African-American community and get their vote," he said.

But Republicans have long criticized Democrats for spending large sums, commonly
called "street money," to black leaders to get out the vote. For example, Mayor
Bill Campbell's 1993 campaign spent $ 100,000 to get out the vote.

A spokesman for Gov. Zell Miller declined to comment. Millner aides defended the
spending.

"I don't just defend it, I'm proud of it," said Rep. Matt Towery, (R- Vinings),
a top Millner adviser.

But Rep. Bob Holmes (D-Atlanta), who is black, said the payments created the
appearance of the Republicans having bought an endorsement.

"It looks like using one's position to get money," he said.

At an afternoon news conference in which Brooks and other leaders of the group
Coalition Vote '94 endorsed Millner, Brooks angrily deflected questions about
whether he was being paid to help Millner.

"We are not going to get into that mud game," he said.

The group criticized Miller for his "two strikes" anti-crime proposal and for
firing George Napper, former head of the Department of Children and Youth
Services.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH943010178

GRAPHIC: Color photo: The Rev. Joseph Lowery (left) and Rep. Tyrone Brooks
express their displeasure with Gov. Zell Miller during a rally Wednesday./
PHILIP McCOLLUM / Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              825 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            October 5, 2006 Thursday

Ride gets more thrilling

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3a

LENGTH: 686 words


n Keene, N.H.

These sign vandals have a conscience.

Two weeks ago, when about 100 stop signs in Keene were tagged with anti-war
stickers, Public Works Director Kurt Blomquist estimated it cost $110 to clean
them.

Tuesday morning, the culprits paid up - sending a letter claiming responsibility
and a money order to the city via the Keene Sentinel.

"We are responsible culprits, and we don't want to cost the city money as we
wage peace," read the letter to the newspaper, which contained no names and was
signed: "Respectful culprits."

The culprits, who posted the letter from a Keene zip code, said they are
"committed to using any and all non-violent means available to us to keep the
cost of this immoral war in front of our community and urge our fellow citizens
to rise up and demand from our government the development and implementation of
an immediate exit strategy."

They also promised to continue reimbursing the city for the cost of damage to
signs as long as estimates are published, which works out for Blomquist, who
said the initial $110 figure may have been a little low.

* Jackson, Miss.

The poisonous brown widow spider that is a cousin to the well-known black widow
is now calling the Mississippi Gulf Coast home, state officials say.

Jerome Goddard, entomologist with the Mississippi Department of Health, said his
office has been receiving many phone calls reporting buildings and grounds
heavily infested with the spider.

"This spider is in the same family as the black widow and is poisonous to
humans," Goddard said. "I first heard of a collection of this spider at Keesler
Air Force Base in Biloxi in early 2005 and figured it was probably just an
isolated incident."

The Health Department said the brown widow can grow to 11/2 inches long. It is
brown or grayish-brown instead of black and has an orange-to-yellow hourglass
design on its underside, as opposed to the familiar red hourglass design on the
black widow.

Goddard said there is a positive note: the brown widow is not as aggressive as
the black widow. And although some scientific reports claim the brown widow is
twice as poisonous, Goddard said that was doubtful.

* Los Angeles

Owners of a Rottweiler and other dogs have sued a company called Hollywood Paws
for failing to help turn their pooches into stars.

More than a dozen pet owners contend the company collected tens of thousands of
dollars but never delivered on promises to get film and television auditions for
their pets.

"I lost a lot of money," said Rachel Armstrong, owner of Goliath the Rottweiler.

Armstrong said she believed her dog had the "cool" factor that would get him
into music videos and paid nearly $2,000 to Hollywood Paws LLC for training.

All she got was a rejection from "The Tyra Banks Show."

Attorney Cynthia Mulvihill filed the suit in Superior Court last month.

"Who wouldn't want to be told, 'Hey, your member of the family is beautiful and
should be in the movies?'" she asked.

Hollywood Paws offers training in such media skills as getting a pooch or cat to
crawl, freeze or scratch on command.

On its Web site, the company warns: "Completing these courses won't guarantee
that your house pet will become a screen pet."

* Tulsa, Okla.

A bungee cord on a thrill ride broke, leaving a man dangling 25 feet off the
ground for a half-hour until he was rescued by firefighters.

Steve Alan Stone, 48, was not seriously hurt in the incident Monday at the Tulsa
State Fair. A ride worker also was helped down by rescuers.

The ride, called the Ejection Seat, consists of a two-seat chair that is
suspended from two towers by bungee cords. Passengers are propelled as much as
200 feet high at speeds of about 60 mph.

Shortly after Stone was launched, one of the cords broke, leaving the seat
dangling sideways near one of the towers, Tulsa County Sheriff's Capt. Fred
Cotton said.

Stone said he didn't fully realize what was happening until he saw that he was
suspended sideways about 25 feet above the ground.

"I was talking myself through a lot, and they (emergency and fair workers) were
talking to me, too," he said. "I wasn't scared of dying. I had the utmost
confidence in them."

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    October 10, 1995, Tuesday, ALL EDITIONS

WASHINGTON IN BRIEF;
GOP-controlled Congresscuts IRS budget 2 percent

BYLINE: Compiled by Ernie Freda;
contributing: Mark Sherman; Larry Lipman

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 671 words


On the theory that it takes money to make money, the Clinton administration
asked Congress to increase the IRS budget by 10 percent. Instead, the
Republican-controlled Congress is cutting it by nearly 2 percent.

That will translate into staff reductions, fewer taxpayer phone calls answered,
and trouble shrinking the agency's $ 150 billion backlog of uncollected taxes,
said Internal Revenue Service Commissioner Margaret Milner Richardson.

Congress has agreed on a $ 7.35 billion 1996 budget for the IRS, down from $
7.48 billion in 1995. The administration had requested $ 8.23 billion. That
would mean a loss of as many as 8,000 of the agency's 114,000 full-time
positions.

Congressional Republicans say the IRS wastes money and continues to expand while
other agencies have been forced to cut back.

MOUNTAIN BIKE PATROL: The Secret Service has launched a mountain bike beat, with
Sgt. Doug Tuxbury patrolling from the seat of a sleek mountain bike. In a silver
helmet, black combat gear and comfortable shoes, Tuxbury will spend his shift
atop a $ 2,400 Trek two-wheeler cruising the three-block radius of the White
House compound. The space- age white bike with black wheels has 24 gears, a
Secret Service seal in the middle of the frame, a black handlebag with the tools
of the trade inside - the contents of which he won't discuss - and a midframe
shock absorber for off-road pursuits.

PRESIDENTIAL WARS

PAT BUCHANAN: The conservative commentator, in Atlanta on Monday for a private
talk to a restaurant industry convention, said the O.J. Simpson trial revealed
deep racial divisions that he would try to close by ending affirmative action
programs and halting immigration. "The trial was a travesty; justice was not
done," he said. "We have got to start looking out for own country and our own
people because we are deeply divided." He said he would eliminate "racial
entitlements on any side." Temporarily stopping immigration would tighten the
labor market and force American businesses to hire Americans and pay them more,
he said.

COLIN POWELL: The retired general went international with his book tour, meeting
with British Prime Minister John Major in London. He also signed copies of the
best-selling "My American Journey" at London stores and visited with relatives
from Jamaica. A cousin is a London bus conductor.

BOB DOLE: The Kansas senator, with California Gov. Pete Wilson removed from the
race, picked up two key California endorsements: Attorney General Dan Lungren
and former governor George Deukmejian. And posing with drivers at the Charlotte
Motor Speedway in North Carolina, Dole criticized President Clinton's plan to
ban name-brand cigarette advertising at sporting events.

PHIL GRAMM: The Texas senator strolled through the South Carolina State Fair
over the weekend, and nobody had any idea who he was. But he predicted that
would change as he spends more time in the state.

ELSEWHERE

While most of the federal government was closed for the Columbus Day holiday,
the House Ways and Means Committee began discussing the massive bill that would
restructure the Medicare program, and partisan bickering surfaced immediately. .
. . Edward Gillespie, a top aide to House Majority Leader Richard Armey
(R-Texas), is leaving to become director of communications and congressional
affairs at the Republican National Committee. . . . Anna Perez, press secretary
to first lady Barbara Bush before heading to the Creative Artists Agency in Los
Angeles, is following her boss, Michael Ovitz, to the Walt Disney Co. and will
be a California and D.C. lobbyist.

IT'S A FACT

More than 750,000 ballots were cast for "uncommitted" in the 1992 Democratic
presidential primaries. And if the vote for uncommitted next year reaches just
15 percent in a district or state, it qualifies for a share of the national
convention delegates.

COMING UP

TODAY: The resignation of Rep. Norman Mineta (D-Calif.), leaving for a job with
Lockheed Martin Corp., takes effect.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              827 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 9, 1983, Friday, Final Edition

Jackson to Decide by October

BYLINE: By James R. Dickenson and David S. Broder

SECTION: First Section; Political Notes; A2

LENGTH: 211 words


The Rev. Jesse L. Jackson told a responsive crowd of fellow Baptists in Los
Angeles yesterday that he will decide by October whether "we have the machinery,
the masses and the money" to seek the Democratic nomination for president.

Jackson also asked pastors and other delegates to the National Baptist
Convention, the largest black organization in the United States and the
country's third biggest Protestant group, to help him register 3 million new
voters and defeat President Reagan.

He said that 10 million of about 18 million eligible black voters were
registered.

Jackson said he will decide "later this month or early next month" whether to
run for the nomination, and said that his decision will depend on whether "we
have the machinery, the masses and the money."

"So far," he conceded, "we do not have the money to mount a credible campaign."

Jackson said he was "seriously considering" the race, however, because of
support from such black leaders as Mayor Richard Hatcher of Gary, Ind., and Rep.
Louis Stokes (D-Ohio). On Wednesday, Rep. Edolphus Towns (D-N.Y.), former
attorney general Ramsey Clark and former Manhattan Borough president Percy
Sutton said they were forming the New York Jesse Jackson for President
Exploratory Committee.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                              828 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              June 24, 2011 Friday
                                  Main Edition

HIGHER EDUCATIONMetro;
Historically black colleges discuss their role, challenges

BYLINE: Laura Diamond; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1026 words



HIGHLIGHT: Money issues worse at HBCUs than elsewhere. Also, they must compete
with colleges that once banned black students.


As the president of Clark Atlanta University, Carlton Brown knows the problems
plaguing the nation's historically black colleges and universities.

Like other public and private colleges, these institutions, known as HBCUs,
struggle financially because of drops in endowments, cuts in state funding and
increased demand by students for financial aid. They also face unique challenges
as black students enroll elsewhere and are recruited by colleges that once
barred them.

Brown and five other college presidents spoke Thursday about these challenges
and also the opportunities before them as universities work to reach President
Barack Obama's goal to have the world's largest share of college graduates by
2020. To hit that target, colleges must reach out to students who think higher
education isn't for them. HBCUs have long provided students with a nurturing
environment and often teach those who are the first in their families to go to
college, Brown said.

"Yes, we're going after the same high-quality students as Georgia Tech and
Georgia State, but the beauty of higher education in this country is that there
is an institution for everyone," Brown said in an interview. "Part of college is
being somewhere other than where students have always been. For some students,
we are the largest collection of black students they've ever seen. But some
students says they've never seen so many white folks."

Brown later participated in a round-table discussion Thursday with other college
presidents as part of the Southern Education Foundation's annual HBCU Governance
and Institutional Effectiveness Seminar, which continues through Saturday in
Atlanta.

Atlanta has some of the country's most prestigious HBCUs. The Atlanta University
Center, which includes Clark Atlanta and Morehouse and Spelman colleges, is
considered the nation's largest contiguous consortium of blacks in higher
education. Georgia is also home to Albany State, Fort Valley State and Savannah
State universities, three public historically black colleges.

When HBCUs opened, they were the only option for black students. In 1960, 65
percent of black students attended historically black colleges. Today, only 12
percent do, although HBCUs award 30 percent of the baccalaureate degrees earned
by all black students, federal data show.

Walter Kimbrough, president of Philander Smith College in Little Rock, said
there is potential to have a greater reach, but HBCUs must be more aggressive in
setting the country's college completion agenda. The colleges must be "on the
offensive" by explaining and substantiating their success, said Kimbrough, who
graduated from Atlanta's Mays High School.

To play a critical role several college presidents said they must convince
governments and philanthropic groups to invest in their schools.

Historically black schools tend to have lower endowments than other colleges,
making less money available for scholarships. This money is critical, as the
colleges serve many low-income and first-generation students who need more
financial aid and academic support if they are to graduate.

Several colleges struggled financially, including Atlanta's own Morris Brown
College, which lost its accreditation in 2003 because of financial mismanagement
and is struggling to pay down nearly $30 million in debt.

Financial concerns have led some politicians to recommend merging public HBCUs
with other schools.

A Georgia lawmaker in 2008 suggested the University System merge Savannah State
and Albany State with majority-white institutions. The move would save money and
close an "ugly chapter" in the state's segregated history, Sen. Seth Harp,
R-Midland, said at the time. This spring, leaders in Louisiana discussed merging
Southern University at New Orleans, an HBCU, with the traditionally white
University of New Orleans, but later pulled the proposal.

Some students and employers seek out HBCUs. Rashad Lewis started his college
career at the University of West Georgia but transferred to an HBCU, North
Carolina A&T State University, and graduated with a degree in biology last
month.

"I was finally around people who looked like me, and that made me feel safe; and
it made it easier to find out who I was," he said. "I just fit in there in a way
I didn't before."

Gaming companies, such as Electronic Arts, recruit graduates from Morehouse and
Spelman. MetLife selects nine Clark Atlanta students to work as interns in their
corporate headquarters each year and for the past three years hired each intern,
Brown said.

College presidents said they're working to improve their outreach.

Less than half of Clark Atlanta's students come from Georgia, although the
college attracts a steady stream of students from Southern California, Brown
said. Over the next couple of months the college will start advertising around
metro Atlanta, he said. A big challenge was securing the money to advertise in
the expensive market, he said.

"Money is the biggest piece of the puzzle," Brown said. "It's money, the
tightness of money, more than anything else."

Georgia's black colleges

A public or private college is considered an HBCU if it was founded to educate
black people before the Civil Rights Act of 1965. Georgia is home to the
following:

Albany State University (Albany): Founded in 1903.

Clark Atlanta University (Atlanta): Founded in 1988 by merging Clark College
(founded in 1869) and Atlanta University (founded in 1865).

Fort Valley State University (Fort Valley): Founded in 1895.

Interdenominational Theological Center (Atlanta): Founded in 1958, it is a
consortium of six seminaries and an at-large fellowship for students who are not
affiliated with the six denominations.

Morehouse College (Atlanta): A men's college, founded in 1867.

Morehouse School of Medicine (Atlanta): Founded in 1975 as a program at
Morehouse College and in 1981 became an independent college.

Morris Brown College (Atlanta): Founded in 1881.

Paine College (Augusta): Founded in 1882.

Savannah State University (Savannah): Founded in 1890.

Spelman College (Atlanta): A woman's college, founded in 1881.

Source: White House Initiative on Historically Black Colleges and Universities,
college websites.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              829 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            January 9, 1990 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

'A BLACK MAN DID IT', AND WHITE BOSTON DIDN'T DOUBT IT

BYLINE: DEBORAH CAMERON Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 594 words


NEW YORK, Monday: Charles Stuart was a liar and a good one. Even with a bullet
in his belly and his dying wife gasping for breath beside him, he stuck to his
story that they had been robbed and shot by a black man.

Last October the tape-recording of his call from his car-phone to police begging
for help gripped television viewers throughout the United States. In his home
town of Boston, the tape terrified people and led to the city's biggest manhunt.

To the white-dominated establishment of Boston, the attack gave substance to
their secret nightmares. Who else but a violent, drug-crazed black could do such
a terrible thing?

Stuart's 30-year-old wife became a symbolic victim of urban violence, which in
the national media in the US means only one thing - black violence.

But three days ago - when the 29-year-old Stuart committed suicide by jumping
from a bridge into Boston Harbour - the real story began to emerge.

Police now believe that Carol Stuart, seven months pregnant, was murdered by her
husband as part of an elaborate plot to collect life insurance money. Her son,
delivered by caesarean section, died 17 days later.

Stuart had shot himself - more severely than he intended - in order to cover
himself.

Stuart's story about a black man jumping into the back of their car, robbing
them and then opening fire was not doubted until his brother Matthew went to
police late last week saying that he had known of the plot to kill Mrs Stuart.

A lawyer for Matthew Stuart said that he had come forward after his brother had
identified a black man in a police line-up as closely resembled the assailant.

Refusing to go along with his brother's attempt to have an innocent man
convicted, Matthew Stuart went to the police with his sister-in-law's engagement
ring, which had allegedly been stolen in the robbery.

It has been reported that Matthew told the police that he had a rendezvous with
his brother on the night of the shooting and had taken a bag containing a
wallet, jewellery and other valuables and thrown it into Boston Harbour.

The brothers had also agreed to split the insurance money, which totalled about
$US500,000 in several policies. About $US80,000 has already been collected and
the most recent of the policies was taken out about two weeks before the murder.

Police say there are rumours that the brothers were involved in drugs and
gambling and may have needed quick money for a payment.

In all accounts of the murder up until this week, the Stuarts were presented as
a happy, normal couple who were excited about the impending birth of their first
child.

They lived in a nice neighborhood where Mr Stuart was a successful furrier and
his wife a lawyer.

Stuart kept up his hoax even from his hospital bed where, recovering from a
serious stomach wound, he wrote a moving eulogy which was read at his wife's
funeral.

"For us to truly believe," he wrote, "we must know that (God's) will was done
and that there was some right in this meanest of acts. In our souls, we must
forgive this sinner because He would, too."

The bizarre twist in the case has focused attention on the competence of the
Boston police and prompted outrage from black citizens who say they were
harassed and victimised because of Stuart's unfounded allegation.

A Boston church leader said: "This was a story that moved beyond any normal
bounds, and the only reason was the issue of racial paranoia.

"Black people in particular have to look at it and wonder what hope we have for
justice in a country that took this man's lie and made him and his family a
symbol of national mourning."

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO ILLUS: Carol Stuart ... pregnant when killed by her husband.
Charles Stuart ... played on white America's fears.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1990 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              June 23, 1999, Wednesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition
                              Correction Appended

Police: Robber hit two banks in 45 minutes

BYLINE: LEANORA MINAI

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Detectives say they are searching for a robber who held up a bank, ditched some
of the money because a red dye pack exploded and then hit a second bank 45
minutes later.

No one was injured during the robberies Tuesday at First State Bank, 2832 Fourth
St. N, and SunTrust Bank, 2350 34th St. N.

"At this point in time, we feel that it's the same person going in the banks,"
said St. Petersburg police Detective Steve Corbet. "Maybe because he dropped
some of the money in the first one, he had to go get money at the second one."

Police did not disclose how much money was taken.

The robbery at First State Bank occurred at 11:05 a.m., when a man entered the
bank, implied he had a gun and demanded money.

Then came a hitch. After the robber got in the getaway car, the bank's
anti-theft dye pack exploded as the suspect was driving out of an alley behind
the bank.

"Witnesses told police they saw at least two subjects with their heads out the
window and red smoke billowing out the window," police spokesman Bill Doniel
said.

The two people tossed a few hundred bills out of the window, and several patrol
officers were called to collect the money before it blew away.

The second robbery happened at 11:47 a.m. about 30 blocks away.

At the SunTrust Bank, a man presented a note, flashed a gun that was tucked in
his waistband and demanded money.

"He was in and out of the bank real quick," Corbet said.

The suspect is described as a black man in his 20s or 30s. He was last seen
wearing a black T-shirt and may have been wearing eyeglasses in the second
robbery. He may be driving a late '80s or early '90s model dark blue Chevrolet
Celebrity. Police said one or two accomplices might have waited in the car.

Anyone with information is asked to call Corbet, (727) 893-7252, or Detective
Jessie Isidore, (727) 893-7580.


LOAD-DATE: June 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 25, 1999

CORRECTION:
 SouthTrust Bank, 2350 34th St. N in St. Petersburg, was robbed Tuesday by a man
who is a suspect in three recent robberies. Another bank was incorrectly named
in stories Wednesday and Thursday.

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; BLACK AND WHITE MAP; bank robbery suspect;
locates banks on 4th St. N and 34th St. N, robbed Tuesday

                    Copyright 1999 Times Publishing Company


                              831 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 6, 1981, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Desegregation by Carrot

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 521 words


What an inventive idea the Justice Department and the St. Louis school board
have come up with to encourage school desegregation: every inner-city black
student who shifts to a suburban school and every white suburban student who
shifts the other way would qualify for a half-year's free tuition at a Missouri
state college.

In the abstract, it's a welcome notion. All along the difficult desegregation
road, Government has been quick to seek compulsion, slow to try incentives; this
looks like a genuine Reagan Administration carrot. But it is twice flawed and,
on inspection, looks more like a stunt.

For one thing, the Federal-city plan involves a lot of money. If even a minimum
number of 2,700 students participate, that would mean a bonus of $894 for four
college years, costing $9.6 million a year.  But neither sponsor offers any part
of that $9.6 million, leaving the state to pay. Missouri, however, declines; it
proposes its own plan.  The Federal-city proposal is, in other words, a fantasy.

Even if there were money to pay for it, this plan should be recognized for what
it is: an attempted quick fix in court, not a national policy by an
Administration trying to help desegregation succeed. Indeed, the evidence runs
the other way. There already exists a sizable Federal carrot to ease
desegregation - the $107 million emergency school aid program. The Reagan
Administration is working to bury it, in an education block grant.

A larger tragedy is also being obscured. To hear the strident critics of school
busing, one would think that every public school in America has been suddenly
overwhelmed with 70 and 80 percent poor black children, altering the character
of public education. The critics need to remind themselves that the black
population of the United States is 11 percent and it is gradually spreading more
evenly across the country.

Yes, there are vast concentrations of minority children in the largest cities;
the difficulty of desegregation there can be truly daunting. But in many smaller
cities, the black school population is more like 15 or 20 percent. In settings
like these - Minneapolis, Seattle, Pontiac, Tampa, Las Vegas - desegregation has
a realistic opportunity to succeed, benefiting white and black children alike.

What is needed is a national policy flexible enough to address Minneapolis
differently from Bedford-Stuyvesant. Yet so far, society has left it all to the
courts, and they are not ideal instruments of such policy. Judges are bound to
protect constitutional rights in big-city ghettos just as in smaller cities.
What would work better is an administrative policy, applied reasonably and
variably. And that requires an executive branch willing to experiment.

Would that not mean steps just like tuition carrots? Absolutely.  But if the
Reagan Administration truly aspires to fill a grievous, gaping national need, it
will have to do better than propose ways to spend other people's money.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              832 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           February 10, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Green's hurdle was cash, not colour

BYLINE: RANDY PHILLIPS, The Gazette

SECTION: SPORTS; Tee To Green; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 979  words


Rodney Green doesn't want to be known as the first black director of golf in the
United States and, probably, North America. He wants to be the best at what he
does, period.

Green is the director of golf at Innisbrook, a Salamander Golf & Spa Resort in
Tampa, Fla. There are fewer than 90 African-American golf professionals among
more than 25,000 certified in the U.S. by the PGA of America. Next to Tiger
Woods, Green is arguably the most high-profile black in the game. The
48-year-old has spent his life in golf, and took over as director at Innisbrook
in December 2008 after 13 years as head pro at Walt Disney Golf Courses in
Orlando.

Sheila Johnson, a philanthropist and the first African-American female
billionaire in the U.S., is CEO of Salamander Hospitality, a company she founded
in 2005. She hired Green to head day-to-day operations at Innisbruck, a
residential golf resort with four 18-hole championship courses, including
Copperhead, site of the PGA Tour's Transitions Championship.

Johnson's company bought Innisbrook in 2007. She also is an owner or partner in
three professional sports franchises in Washington: the National Basketball
Association's Wizards, the WNBA's Mystics and the National Hockey League's
Capitals.

Green has myriad responsibilities at Innisbrook, overseeing operating budgets,
the course superintendent and staff, pro shops, merchandise, aspects of food and
beverage, and golf instruction. The club has more than 700 active members,
including a high percentage of Canadians who own about one-third of the condos
on site.

Green told The Gazette his priority when he first came to the resort was to wrap
his arms around all the responsibilities the director of golf has at this
resort.

"I don't want to say it was the deer in the headlights my first year, but you're
trying to get a grasp of everything that you're responsible for," he said.

"Now that I'm more comfortable and competent with all those things, it's about
growing the business. We're just trying to take this to the next level."

Green considers himself "blessed" to be doing what he does, but it's also the
culmination of the lifelong passion he's had for the game. He grew up in a
golfing family -his uncle was a pro near where he lived as a youngster, his
father was an assistant pro, another uncle was the course superintendent, and an
aunt ran the snack bar at the course.

Green said he'd "never ever seen anything but black people playing golf" when he
was growing up. So the seemingly sudden awareness that blacks actually did play
the game -in the wake of Woods exploding on the PGA scene more than a dozen
years ago -was not representative of what was actually going on.

"At the time, I was going like, 'Duh! We've been playing for a long time,' "
Green said. "I think what Tiger did was make it more of an awareness for other
people in the world."

November of this year will mark the 50th anniversary of the PGA of America
removing the "Caucasian-only" clause that until 1961 prohibited blacks from
playing in professional tournaments. As many as 14 blacks were on the PGA Tour
at one point during the mid-1970s, but there are only two this year - Woods and
Joseph Bramlett, a 22-year-old from Saratoga, Calif., who is the first
African-American to graduate from PGA Qualifying School in 25 years.

But Green sees no shortage of blacks, and other minorities, aspiring to play
professional golf. He says the real issue -one he faced more than any other
while trying to reach the PGA Tour, and one that affects even "young white
golfers" -is a lack of money.

"When you talk of the obstacles I faced coming up, it was not having money from
a sponsorship standpoint to be able to play enough golf, and

where I wasn't concerned about how much money I was making," said Green, who
played on a scholarship at South Carolina State before venturing out on various
mini-tours.

"A lot of the guys when I was coming through, the ones who were successful,
maybe their daddy had money," he added. "Or members at the club put up enough
money for them to go down to play on some of the mini-tours and different
developmental tours. They didn't have worries about how they were going to pay
rent, make a car payment, or eat.

"My biggest challenge - aside from the fact I wasn't playing as well as I would
have liked to -was that I was always concerned about where I was going to get
some money from. I was in my early to mid-30s when I said, 'Okay, I'm tired of
being broke.'

"It's tougher to get out there than people realize. When I get a call from
someone wanting to know if they can use my driving range (for free) to hit balls
-and I get calls like that all the time -I know exactly what they're going
through. I won't say it's not ever going to change, but it still going to very
tough."

Green also can't say with certainty why there aren't more African-Americans in
positions like his.

"I'm blessed," he said. "Very fortunate to have got to where I am. I've kind of
been in the right place at the right time all my life. That being said, I think
it is my responsibility to see to it that I am able to make an impact so that
there are some opportunities for others. That I can make a difference."

Green admits he faced

some obstacles while working his way up the corporate side of the golf industry,
but says it would be a waste of time to focus on such things because he's "seen
it all, done that, and got the T-shirts."

"My focus now is trying to learn and grow and become better at where I am right
now, and I do it every single day," he said. "I cannot really speak as to why
there aren't more Rodney Greens in these positions. All I know is that now that
I am here -and particularly because of whom I work for, and she and I have had
numerous conversations about it -that we are in some ways are obligated to make
an impact because we are in significant roles."

rphillips@montrealgazette.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: CO URTE SYOFINNISBROOK RESORT; "I'm blessed.  Very fortunate to
have got to where I am," says Rodney Green, golf  director at Innisbrook Resort
in Tampa, Fla.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column; PROFILE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                           January 15, 2005 Saturday

Steelermania runs rampant

BYLINE: Paul Paterra

LENGTH: 819 words


Stacy Clemmer could be attending today's Steelers playoff game against the New
York Jets with her brother.

However, she will not be joining him.

Clemmer is the director of conferencing at the University of Pittsburgh at
Greensburg, which has its annual La Cultura planned tonight. La Cultura is the
primary fund-raiser for the school's travel fund, and Clemmer is on the prize
and sponsorship committee.

"I was a little disappointed at first, but I knew that this was for a good
cause," Clemmer said. "I'll probably be making sure I'm getting score updates."

Yes, Steelermania has taken hold of western Pennsylvania. That's what happens
when you're 15-1.

The condition seems to have affected attendance for La Cultura. Karen Gavula,
UPG's secretary of university relations and institutional advancement, said 175
people are expected, down from last year's capacity crowd of 240.

"We think it has had an effect," Gavula said. "We don't know positively. They
haven't actually called and said they are going to the game." She did say
scoring updates will be provided by students carrying placards during the
cocktail hour only from 6-7 p.m.

Greensburg YMCA has begun raising money for this year's Strong Kids Campaign for
disadvantaged youths, day camps and child care.

Executive Director Rick Nedley said Patti Peters, administrative assistant,
suggested riding this Steelers wave and raising money for Strong Kids at the
same time.

If any of the YMCA's 225 employees wear Steelers garb on Fridays while the Black
and Gold stays alive in the playoffs, they donate $1.

"We could raise about $600," Nedley said. "It's kind of a fun way to get psyched
up for the Steelers and raise money for Strong Kids."

That psyched-up feeling seems to be hitting schools as well.

Friday was Steelers Day at Dr. Robert F. Nicely Elementary School, in
Greensburg. The lunch menu was loaded with Steelers fare, such as
"Roethlisburgers," hotdogs with "Cowher" kraut, Randle El barbecued rib
sandwiches, Bettis baked beans, fries with "Hines Ward" ketchup, Polamalu
pineapple, black and yellow Jell-O and a black-and-gold Steelers cake.

Students, teachers and staff alike wore the black and gold.

"It's just a lot of fun," said Principal Dr. Luanne Matta. "It was really neat
to see them coming off the bus. It gets the kids excited and makes them part of
something happening in the area. "

Speaking of menus, restaurants too are capitalizing on the team's season.
Several have sandwiches named for rookie quarterback Ben Roethlisberger, such as
the Big Ben wrap at Mr. Bones in Greensburg.

Then there's the "Steeler Burger" at This and That Coffee bar in Punxsutawney.
The creation by co-owners Patricia Stewart and David Miller contains beef, hot
sausage, grilled onions, mushrooms, American cheese and honey mustard and is
available Mondays and Fridays.

An ounce of beef is added with each consecutive victory, bringing the current
total to 14 ounces. "David and I were watching the game when they won their
sixth straight," Stewart said. "We got all excited and said, 'Let's add an ounce
every time they win.' We never make it until the day we need it. I don't want to
jinx it."

Steelers paraphernalia is sprouting up everywhere.

But it's always present in the yard of Regis Klimchok, of Youngwood, which has
held a Steelers sign for some 20 years. Among the current messages: "This is the
Year."

"We never take it down," Klimchok said. "We leave it up because we believe in
the Steelers."

Jerseys, hats, pennants and, of course, the Terrible Towel, are available at
several outdoor stands.

Joe Sprinko traveled to Steelers Country from Florida to "sell T-shirts" and
other items. He's been doing just that for a few weeks in the parking lot of the
Sheetz convenience store along Route 22 in Murrysville.

"Everybody's on pins and needles. They're waiting for the Steelers to start
winning (playoff games)," Sprinko said. "We'll be here as long as the boys keep
winning. It's up to the Steelers how long we stay."

Leo Hammer, of Big Top Sports.com, has set up shop in the parking lot of Choice
Cigarette Discount Outlet on Route 22 in Murrysville for five weeks. "It was
huge before Christmas," Hammer said. "With the playoff games coming, they're
into it big time."

They seem to be, indeed, which experts feel is a great thing.

Dr. Audrey Guskey, professor of marketing and consumer trends expert at Duquesne
University, said the timing is perfect because bad news has been prevalent in a
city where retailers have been closing and population has dwindled.

"I think it has a huge impact," Guskey said. "It boosts everybody in the city.
Post-holiday is a real downer for everybody. This comes at a wonderful time to
give people something to look forward to and follow carefully. It's putting
Pittsburgh in the winner's bracket across the country. It's just phenomenal.
It's great for the city economically and psychologically."

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2005 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 3, 1996, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Clinton Seeks Money to Halt Church Fires

BYLINE: By STEVEN A. HOLMES

SECTION: Section A;   Page 16;   Column 2;   National Desk

LENGTH: 359 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, July 2


Declaring that he wanted to "maintain a wall of protection" around Southern
black churches, President Clinton said today that he would seek Congressional
permission to spend $6 million to help the local authorities halt a recent wave
of arson attacks that has struck black houses of worship.

"These attacks against African-American churches and other houses of worship are
an affront to our most basic beliefs of religious liberty and racial tolerance,"
Mr. Clinton said in a ceremony in the White House Rose Garden.

The announcement is the latest effort by the White House and other government
institutions to show concern over the epidemic of fires and vandalism that has
burned down or damaged 73 black churches since the beginning of 1995. Congress
will soon consider a $24 million appropriation over two years for the Bureau of
Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms to investigate church fires.

Last week Congress passed legislation that would allow Federal prosecution of
people who burn houses of worship and permit Federal judges to sentence those
found guilty to 40 years in prison -- double the average maximum term for state
arson charges. Mr. Clinton said he would sign the bill.

Administration officials said the $6 million initiative announced today would be
directed to 12 Southern and border states: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky,
Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Oklahoma,
Tennessee and Virginia. Mr. Clinton said the money would allow every county in
these states to hire a new police officer for the summer, or could be used for
other purposes like hiring private security guards.

There are 1,037 counties in the 12 states; thus, each county will receive about
$5,785 if the money is divided evenly.

"These new officers, working with local police and Community Watch groups, can
maintain a wall of protection to ward off people who would strike out in hate at
a house of worship," the President said in announcing the new spending.

Congressional Republicans said they had not yet seen details of Mr. Clinton's
proposal and therefore could not say how well it would fare on Capitol Hill.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              835 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    January 30, 2002 Wednesday CITY EDITION

CRITIC DOUBTS WATKINS' PLAN;
EX-COLLEAGUE SAYS SIMILAR PROJECT NEVER CAME THROUGH

BYLINE: ARON KAHN and CHARLES LASZEWSKI, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 697 words


Is Donald Watkins' plan for a privately funded Minnesota Twins ballpark an
innovative proposal of national importance, or an instant replay of an alleged
poorly conceived project down home?

The Alabama businessman, who's trying to negotiate a purchase of the Twins, has
said repeatedly he would finance a Twin Cities ballpark himself if he gets title
to the team.

But a hometown adversary said Tuesday that Watkins' plan seems very similar to
one he pitched at Alabama State University -- a plan the critic said was no more
than a castle in the sky.

"It was a hoax and a joke," said Joe Reed, who was on the university's board of
trustees with Watkins for two years until May.

Supporters of Watkins, a controversial trial attorney who made his share of
enemies over the years, defended the Alabama State stadium effort as a
farsighted attempt to elevate the university to national prominence -- an
attempt squelched by conformist thinkers.

"He was committed to do it and back it up," said John Knight, an Alabama state
legislator and now assistant vice president for planning and development at the
university. "The way to prove it was a hoax was to give him the green light and
let it go forward and see for themselves. But it never happened."

Reed said Watkins' proposal involved a mysterious financier who never was
identified, and because of that the proposal went nowhere.

That monetary masked man was supposed to provide $100 million for construction
of the football stadium and a museum commemorating black athletes -- which would
help raise money to support the stadium, Reed said. As part of Watkins' vision
for a Twin Cities ballpark, he foresees a museum honoring baseball's old Negro
Leagues.

Nobody ever heard from Watkins' source of the funds, Reed said. Instead, the
trustees wasted a lot of time in committee meetings before it "became obvious
nothing was going to happen."

Reed laughed at the notion that Watkins has the money or can get financing to
purchase the Twins and build them a ballpark. "I don't think he has that kind of
money and can put that kind of package together. There ain't a lottery that
big," he said.

Watkins is pursuing the Twins for the publicity, said Reed, who is still a
trustee. Watkins resigned after the stadium dispute.

"He is nationwide now," Reed said. "Now people know there is a black man from
Alabama who wants to buy the Twins. I think he will withdraw and say he is no
longer interested."

Reed is black, also. So is Knight. And Knight isn't buying the attack on
Watkins.

Knight said Watkins was outvoted on the board of trustees from the beginning and
could never get enough votes for the project, which was part of his effort to
elevate Alabama State to Division 1-A, the highest competitive level of
intercollegiate sports. He said a mysterious financier never existed.

"It never got to the point where he was required to put up some money," Knight
said. "He had agreed to raise the money, and if he could not raise the money, he
was going to back it up with the equity in some of his companies. There would be
no need to get to know that (mysterious) person. That person was Donald
Watkins."

Watkins said the stadium experience at Alabama State persuaded him to minimize
the role of elected and appointed government officials in all his subsequent
projects. That is why he wants to build a Twins stadium without involving public
funds, if he can avoid it, he said.

A large investor in energy, Watkins said he can't talk about his proposed
investment in the Twins right now because of a confidentiality agreement he
signed with team owner Carl Pohlad. But he said his pursuit is not phantom.

"If I go after something, I'm going to get it," Watkins said. "I've been in the
bosom of Major League Baseball for the past 4 1/2 months now. They have my
application. I met with them in New York, and they have my financial disclosure.
I don't think they would have passed me to the Pohlads if I didn't have the
finances," he said.

Aron Kahn can be reached at akahn@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5569.

Charles Laszewski can be reached at claszewski@pioneerpress.com or (651)
228-5458.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: See related story: "WATKINS EMISSARY TO MEET MAYORS TODAY"

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    JANUARY 30, 2002 Wednesday CITY EDITION

CRITIC DOUBTS WATKINS' PLAN;
EX-COLLEAGUE SAYS SIMILAR PROJECT NEVER CAME THROUGH

BYLINE: ARON KAHN and CHARLES LASZEWSKI, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; TWINS STADIUM; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 697 words


Is Donald Watkins' plan for a privately funded Minnesota Twins ballpark an
innovative proposal of national importance, or an instant replay of an alleged
poorly conceived project down home?

The Alabama businessman, who's trying to negotiate a purchase of the Twins, has
said repeatedly he would finance a Twin Cities ballpark himself if he gets title
to the team.

But a hometown adversary said Tuesday that Watkins' plan seems very similar to
one he pitched at Alabama State University -- a plan the critic said was no more
than a castle in the sky.

"It was a hoax and a joke," said Joe Reed, who was on the university's board of
trustees with Watkins for two years until May.

Supporters of Watkins, a controversial trial attorney who made his share of
enemies over the years, defended the Alabama State stadium effort as a
farsighted attempt to elevate the university to national prominence -- an
attempt squelched by conformist thinkers.

"He was committed to do it and back it up," said John Knight, an Alabama state
legislator and now assistant vice president for planning and development at the
university. "The way to prove it was a hoax was to give him the green light and
let it go forward and see for themselves. But it never happened."

Reed said Watkins' proposal involved a mysterious financier who never was
identified, and because of that the proposal went nowhere.

That monetary masked man was supposed to provide $100 million for construction
of the football stadium and a museum commemorating black athletes -- which would
help raise money to support the stadium, Reed said. As part of Watkins' vision
for a Twin Cities ballpark, he foresees a museum honoring baseball's old Negro
Leagues.

Nobody ever heard from Watkins' source of the funds, Reed said. Instead, the
trustees wasted a lot of time in committee meetings before it "became obvious
nothing was going to happen."

Reed laughed at the notion that Watkins has the money or can get financing to
purchase the Twins and build them a ballpark. "I don't think he has that kind of
money and can put that kind of package together. There ain't a lottery that
big," he said.

Watkins is pursuing the Twins for the publicity, said Reed, who is still a
trustee. Watkins resigned after the stadium dispute.

"He is nationwide now," Reed said. "Now people know there is a black man from
Alabama who wants to buy the Twins. I think he will withdraw and say he is no
longer interested."

Reed is black, also. So is Knight. And Knight isn't buying the attack on
Watkins.

Knight said Watkins was outvoted on the board of trustees from the beginning and
could never get enough votes for the project, which was part of his effort to
elevate Alabama State to Division 1-A, the highest competitive level of
intercollegiate sports. He said a mysterious financier never existed.

"It never got to the point where he was required to put up some money," Knight
said. "He had agreed to raise the money, and if he could not raise the money, he
was going to back it up with the equity in some of his companies. There would be
no need to get to know that (mysterious) person. That person was Donald
Watkins."

Watkins said the stadium experience at Alabama State persuaded him to minimize
the role of elected and appointed government officials in all his subsequent
projects. That is why he wants to build a Twins stadium without involving public
funds, if he can avoid it, he said.

A large investor in energy, Watkins said he can't talk about his proposed
investment in the Twins right now because of a confidentiality agreement he
signed with team owner Carl Pohlad. But he said his pursuit is not phantom.

"If I go after something, I'm going to get it," Watkins said. "I've been in the
bosom of Major League Baseball for the past 4 1/2 months now. They have my
application. I met with them in New York, and they have my financial disclosure.
I don't think they would have passed me to the Pohlads if I didn't have the
finances," he said.

Aron Kahn can be reached at akahn@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5569.

Charles Laszewski can be reached at claszewski@pioneerpress.com or (651)
228-5458.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: See related story: "WATKINS EMISSARY TO MEET MAYORS TODAY"

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              837 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    JANUARY 30, 2002 Wednesday CITY EDITION

CRITIC DOUBTS WATKINS' PLAN;
EX-COLLEAGUE SAYS SIMILAR PROJECT NEVER CAME THROUGH

BYLINE: ARON KAHN and CHARLES LASZEWSKI, Pioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; TWINS STADIUM; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 697 words


Is Donald Watkins' plan for a privately funded Minnesota Twins ballpark an
innovative proposal of national importance, or an instant replay of an alleged
poorly conceived project down home?

The Alabama businessman, who's trying to negotiate a purchase of the Twins, has
said repeatedly he would finance a Twin Cities ballpark himself if he gets title
to the team.

But a hometown adversary said Tuesday that Watkins' plan seems very similar to
one he pitched at Alabama State University -- a plan the critic said was no more
than a castle in the sky.

"It was a hoax and a joke," said Joe Reed, who was on the university's board of
trustees with Watkins for two years until May.

Supporters of Watkins, a controversial trial attorney who made his share of
enemies over the years, defended the Alabama State stadium effort as a
farsighted attempt to elevate the university to national prominence -- an
attempt squelched by conformist thinkers.

"He was committed to do it and back it up," said John Knight, an Alabama state
legislator and now assistant vice president for planning and development at the
university. "The way to prove it was a hoax was to give him the green light and
let it go forward and see for themselves. But it never happened."

Reed said Watkins' proposal involved a mysterious financier who never was
identified, and because of that the proposal went nowhere.

That monetary masked man was supposed to provide $100 million for construction
of the football stadium and a museum commemorating black athletes -- which would
help raise money to support the stadium, Reed said. As part of Watkins' vision
for a Twin Cities ballpark, he foresees a museum honoring baseball's old Negro
Leagues.

Nobody ever heard from Watkins' source of the funds, Reed said. Instead, the
trustees wasted a lot of time in committee meetings before it "became obvious
nothing was going to happen."

Reed laughed at the notion that Watkins has the money or can get financing to
purchase the Twins and build them a ballpark. "I don't think he has that kind of
money and can put that kind of package together. There ain't a lottery that
big," he said.

Watkins is pursuing the Twins for the publicity, said Reed, who is still a
trustee. Watkins resigned after the stadium dispute.

"He is nationwide now," Reed said. "Now people know there is a black man from
Alabama who wants to buy the Twins. I think he will withdraw and say he is no
longer interested."

Reed is black, also. So is Knight. And Knight isn't buying the attack on
Watkins.

Knight said Watkins was outvoted on the board of trustees from the beginning and
could never get enough votes for the project, which was part of his effort to
elevate Alabama State to Division 1-A, the highest competitive level of
intercollegiate sports. He said a mysterious financier never existed.

"It never got to the point where he was required to put up some money," Knight
said. "He had agreed to raise the money, and if he could not raise the money, he
was going to back it up with the equity in some of his companies. There would be
no need to get to know that (mysterious) person. That person was Donald
Watkins."

Watkins said the stadium experience at Alabama State persuaded him to minimize
the role of elected and appointed government officials in all his subsequent
projects. That is why he wants to build a Twins stadium without involving public
funds, if he can avoid it, he said.

A large investor in energy, Watkins said he can't talk about his proposed
investment in the Twins right now because of a confidentiality agreement he
signed with team owner Carl Pohlad. But he said his pursuit is not phantom.

"If I go after something, I'm going to get it," Watkins said. "I've been in the
bosom of Major League Baseball for the past 4 1/2 months now. They have my
application. I met with them in New York, and they have my financial disclosure.
I don't think they would have passed me to the Pohlads if I didn't have the
finances," he said.

Aron Kahn can be reached at akahn@pioneerpress.com or (651) 228-5569.

Charles Laszewski can be reached at claszewski@pioneerpress.com or (651)
228-5458.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: See related story: "WATKINS EMISSARY TO MEET MAYORS TODAY"

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              February 29, 2000, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

UF players were paid, indictment declares

BYLINE: MATTHEW BOEDY; JOANNE KORTH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 863 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



Agent Tank Black's indictment on federal charges causes new allegations
involving ex-Gators.

William "Tank" Black, the sports agent at the center of investigations involving
former University of Florida football players, was indicted Monday by a grand
jury in U.S. District Court, accused of scamming NFL players out of millions of
dollars since 1996.

Black, brought into court in handcuffs and leg shackles, and four associates
were charged with conspiracy to commit mail, wire and bank fraud; conspiracy to
commit money laundering; and criminal forfeiture. They face a maximum of $
750,000 in fines and 25 years in prison.

The 20-page indictment includes new allegations of agent tampering concerning
former UF players Fred Taylor, Ike Hilliard and Jacquez Green. Green is a
receiver with the Tampa Bay Bucs.

All three players were given money from Black through one of his employees
before their college eligibility had expired, according to the indictment,
unsealed by U.S. Magistrate Gary R. Jones.

"If that's true, it's disappointing," said Jamie McCloskey, UF assistant
athletic director for compliance. "When they did take the money, was anybody at
the institution aware as far as the NCAA is concerned? We believe we don't have
any concerns with the NCAA."

It is a violation of NCAA rules for athletes to accept inducements from sports
agents before their eligibility expires. At issue with the NCAA will be whether
UF exhibited institutional control, a sometimes vague concept regarding what
university officials knew or should have known.

According to the indictment, Alfred "Tweet" Twitty, Black's employee, paid
expenses for Hilliard in the fall of 1996, UF's national-championship season,
and for Taylor and Green in November and December of 1997.

That information, presented as a chain of events detailing Black's contact with
athletes whom federal prosecutors claim he swindled, indicates Black illegally
recruited UF athletes to his Professional Management Inc. agency.

Green's new agent, Hadley Englehart, said he was unfamiliar with the indictment
and would not comment.

More than a year ago, Black became the focus of a University Police Department
investigation into illegally recruiting Gator football players Jevon Kearse,
Johnny Rutledge and Reggie McGrew as clients during the 1998 season.

The UPD issued sworn complaints in October for Black and PMI employee Twitty for
violating the state's unlicensed agent activity law, a third-degree felony
punishable by up to five years in jail and a $ 5,000 fine. They are each accused
of three counts, one for each player.

The State Attorney's Office has not charged Black or Twitty. Assistant State
Attorney William Cervone, who attended the indictment hearing, said the federal
prosecution puts his case on hold.

Kearse and Rutledge said in sworn testimony they accepted cash from Twitty on
behalf of Black in exchange for their promise to sign with PMI. Rutledge, who
estimated he received $ 14,000-$ 15,000 over an 18-month period, testified Black
once asked him in a face-to-face meeting, "Is Tweet taking care of you?"

Government lawyers say Black, who turned himself in Monday to U.S. marshals in
Gainesville, defrauded his clients of between $ 12.5-million and $ 14-million,
investing their money in schemes he said were legitimate.

The indictment claims Black transferred funds from the accounts of NFL players
Taylor, Hilliard, Green, Reidel Anthony of the Bucs, Natrone Means, Duce Staley,
Robert Brooks, Terry Allen and Germane Crowell.

Last month, Taylor, a running back for the Jacksonville Jaguars, accused Black
of cheating him of more than $ 3-million.

The indictment lists two payments, one of $ 2.4-million, another of $ 650,000,
from Taylor's account at Black's agency to accounts in the Cayman Islands that
the government contends were used to launder the money.

Last week, the Securities and Exchange Commission issued a restraining order
against Black, freezing his assets. In a lawsuit filed by the SEC, Black, 42, is
accused of defrauding his clients of more than $ 5-million.

The four others indicted Monday include three employees from PMI - Black's
agency in Columbia, S.C. - and a travel agent whom Black employed. James
Franklin Jr., Twitty and Lisa Adams were employees at PMI; Linda Wilson operated
World Travel Express, of which Black was chairman and CEO.

The indictment also says Black, Wilson and Franklin lied to the SEC during their
testimony.

Only Adams, the former director of banking and finance at PMI, appeared in court
with Black.

Adams pleaded not guilty to all three counts. Black refused to offer a plea,
awaiting an arraignment scheduled for March 6. Black's wife, a deacon from his
church in Columbia and the stepfather of Toronto Raptors forward Vince Carter -
one of Black's clients - appeared in court to support Black. All declined
comment.

Jones released Black into the custody of his Tampa attorney, Peter George, on
the condition he return Thursday for a bond hearing.

George and U.S. Assistant Attorney Jerry George refused comment to reporters.

- Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.


LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Sports agent Tank Black

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              839 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

South San Francisco: Police say robbers punch man, take his cash

BYLINE: By Katie Nelson knelson@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO -- A man was punched in the face and robbed early Sunday by
three men, police said Wednesday.

Around 12:45 a.m., police said a man was sitting in his car in the 100 block of
Produce Avenue when three men approached his car and ordered him to get out.

The man got out of his car and then one of the suspects pressed a "sharp object"
against the man's side and demanded he hand over money, police said. The man
tried to resist the trio, but one of them punched him in the face.

The group took an undisclosed amount of money before they ran southbound on
Produce Avenue after they were spooked by an oncoming car, police said.

The first suspect was described as a black man, roughly 24 years old, about 6
feet 2 inches tall and with a stocky build. He had a gold grill on his upper row
of teeth and wore a black baseball cap with "SF" in white letters on the front,
a long-sleeve black shirt, black jeans and Timberland boots.

The second suspect was described as a black man, also about 24 years old, about
5 feet 7 inches tall with an average build. He had a trimmed beard and wore a
black baseball cap with a silver shield on the front, a black long-sleeve shirt
and black, sagging jeans, according to police.

The third suspect was described as a Hispanic teen between 16 and 17 years old
and about 5 feet 5 inches tall. He wore an unbuttoned black sweater, a black
shirt with a Mexican flag printed on the front and an eagle emblem imprinted in
the middle of the shirt.

Anyone with any information on the incident can contact the South San Francisco
Police Department at 650-877-8900. Those wishing to remain anonymous can call
650-952-2244 or send a tip at Twitter.com/katienelson210.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

South San Francisco: Police say robbers punch man, take his cash

BYLINE: By Katie Nelson knelson@mercurynews.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 283 words


SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO -- A man was punched in the face and robbed early Sunday by
three men, police said Wednesday.

Around 12:45 a.m., police said a man was sitting in his car in the 100 block of
Produce Avenue when three men approached his car and ordered him to get out.

The man got out of his car and then one of the suspects pressed a "sharp object"
against the man's side and demanded he hand over money, police said. The man
tried to resist the trio, but one of them punched him in the face.

The group took an undisclosed amount of money before they ran southbound on
Produce Avenue after they were spooked by an oncoming car, police said.

The first suspect was described as a black man, roughly 24 years old, about 6
feet 2 inches tall and with a stocky build. He had a gold grill on his upper row
of teeth and wore a black baseball cap with "SF" in white letters on the front,
a long-sleeve black shirt, black jeans and Timberland boots.

The second suspect was described as a black man, also about 24 years old, about
5 feet 7 inches tall with an average build. He had a trimmed beard and wore a
black baseball cap with a silver shield on the front, a black long-sleeve shirt
and black, sagging jeans, according to police.

The third suspect was described as a Hispanic teen between 16 and 17 years old
and about 5 feet 5 inches tall. He wore an unbuttoned black sweater, a black
shirt with a Mexican flag printed on the front and an eagle emblem imprinted in
the middle of the shirt.

Anyone with any information on the incident can contact the South San Francisco
Police Department at 650-877-8900. Those wishing to remain anonymous can call
650-952-2244 or send a tip at Twitter.com/katienelson210.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

South San Francisco: Police say robbers punch man, take his cash

BYLINE: By Katie Nelson knelson@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; News

LENGTH: 283 words


SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO -- A man was punched in the face and robbed early Sunday by
three men, police said Wednesday.

Around 12:45 a.m., police said a man was sitting in his car in the 100 block of
Produce Avenue when three men approached his car and ordered him to get out.

The man got out of his car and then one of the suspects pressed a "sharp object"
against the man's side and demanded he hand over money, police said. The man
tried to resist the trio, but one of them punched him in the face.

The group took an undisclosed amount of money before they ran southbound on
Produce Avenue after they were spooked by an oncoming car, police said.

The first suspect was described as a black man, roughly 24 years old, about 6
feet 2 inches tall and with a stocky build. He had a gold grill on his upper row
of teeth and wore a black baseball cap with "SF" in white letters on the front,
a long-sleeve black shirt, black jeans and Timberland boots.

The second suspect was described as a black man, also about 24 years old, about
5 feet 7 inches tall with an average build. He had a trimmed beard and wore a
black baseball cap with a silver shield on the front, a black long-sleeve shirt
and black, sagging jeans, according to police.

The third suspect was described as a Hispanic teen between 16 and 17 years old
and about 5 feet 5 inches tall. He wore an unbuttoned black sweater, a black
shirt with a Mexican flag printed on the front and an eagle emblem imprinted in
the middle of the shirt.

Anyone with any information on the incident can contact the South San Francisco
Police Department at 650-877-8900. Those wishing to remain anonymous can call
650-952-2244 or send a tip at Twitter.com/katienelson210.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              842 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 6, 2016 Sunday
                              SUN REGIONAL Edition

Time for a Holesale change of NFGoodell

BYLINE: Mark Kiszla

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 600 words


OAKLAND, CALIF.

No resident of Broncos Country is ever supposed to admit this, but we love the
Raiders, all the way to the soul of the stinking Black Hole. We love that
Oakland's franchise has risen from the dead after the deaths of Dirty Al and the
Snake.

Football is way more fun when we can define the rivalry with the Raid uhs in a
single word: hate.

"Oh, I don't know," protested Broncos coach Gary Kubiak, refusing to concede
there's real hate between Denver and Oakland. "You play everybody in this
league. That's a strong word."

But what's wrong with two NFL teams that really don't like each other,
especially when the league is searching for explanations for a 10 percent
decline in television ratings? I would argue the primary reason for growing
dissatisfaction with the product runs deeper than Colin Kaepernick's
controversial national anthem protest, the short attention span of a social
media generation, team loyalty divided by fantasy football and the obvious fact
the Chicago Cubs are way more lovable as World Series winners than the Cleveland
Browns will ever be as perennial losers.

What the No Fun League needs is more Black Hole and less Roger Goodell, the
commissioner who has slowly ripped the soul out of the game America loves best.

"The league isn't fun anymore," Seattle cornerback Richard Sherman declared last
week, in a rant that reverberated throughout NFL nation. "Every other league,
you see the players have a good time. It's a game. This isn't politics. This
isn't justice. This is entertainment. And they're no longer allowing the players
to entertain. They're no longer allowing players to show any kind of
personality, any kind of uniqueness, any individuality. They want to control the
product."

The NFL is played for the benefit of the corporate suits that ante up for big
money sponsorships and the club level folks who seem to have a difficult time
pulling themselves away from the beef carving table to actually go out in the
stadium and cheer.

The NFL is now a brand rather than a game. I get it. The NFL wants to be
Starbucks. But I drink my latte for the caffeine, and I watch football for the
violence. When San Diego safety Dwight Lowery backed off Emmanuel Sanders
instead of knocking his block off as the Denver receiver made a spectacular, 37
yard diving catch, I could hear late Raiders owner Al Davis cursing from the
Great Beyond. The league has gone soft.

Yes, the Oakland Coliseum is a dump. But the Black Hole is the best dive bar in
the NFL. It is kicking up dust in the infield dirt and the ghost of Ken Stabler
flipping the bird. It's the smell of stale beer and fans that wear costumes
straight out of a "Mad Max" movie.

I love the Black Hole because it doesn't try to be Disneyland. The NFL is all
about keeping your jersey tucked in. Jesta Raider, a die hard Oakland fan who
shows up to games dressed like the joker from a goth deck of cards, is all about
dancing like nobody's watching.

Please, don't let the Raiders bolt Oakland for all the money in Las Vegas.

Maybe the move sounds good in theory. But don't tell me the roots will run as
deep in the Nevada desert as they do in Oakland, a city that really needs the
NFL. If Cowboys owner Jerry Jones likes the idea of moving the Raiders, count me
out. Jones is all about the money. The Raiders in Vegas, however, would feel
plastic, as fake as everything on the strip from that hokey Eiffel Tower replica
to a showgirl's outrageously oversized eyelashes.

Can the NFL stop counting its money long enough to preserve its soul?

Save the Black Hole.

Mark Kiszla: mkiszla@denverpost.com or @markkiszla

LOAD-DATE: November 09, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 7, 2000, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

Lining Up, White, Then Black, for Mardi Gras

BYLINE: By The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 12; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 738 words

DATELINE: LAFAYETTE, La., March 6


Decades after the halt of the separate but equal system of racial segregation,
Mardi Gras remains an event where black and white revelers come together in the
streets here but party with their own.

Unlike New Orleans, a two-hour drive east, where social clubs, or krewes, that
participate in parades must sign anti-discrimination statements in what is at
least a nod to integration, Lafayette has no such requirements.

When more than 400,000 people gather along the route for this week's Fat Tuesday
parade here, the two biggest events will be an all-white parade and an all-black
one.

"It's a tale of two cities," said Chris Williams, one of two black city-parish
councilors here.

The first parade, called the King's Parade, is the larger and older.
Participants are from the city's south side and have been invited to join the
Krewe of Gabriel. About 400 white, wealthy businessmen and civic leaders
participate, wearing masks and tossing beads amid marching bands and flag
bearers.

The Lafayette Mardi Gras Association's parade follows minutes later. Like the
King's Parade, the association's parade has royalty and bead-throwing by the
Krewe de Caribbeans. Many people join the celebration dressed in elaborately
beaded outfits with African, Caribbean and Spanish themes as a way to
demonstrate the diverse background of the black residents of Lafayette.

Although no rules ban krewe membership by race, officials from both krewes said
the organizations remained entirely black and white. Tagg Catalon, president of
the Lafayette Mardi Gras Association, said the first black krewes formed 42
years ago, and waited five years to be able to march the same parade route as
the white krewes.

"We came together," Mr. Catalon said, "but we held our identities."

J. Allen Mouton, a former member of the Krewe of Gabriel and a member of the
Greater Southwest Mardi Gras Association, said that black or white, a person
needed money and "social standing" to belong to a krewe. The king of the King's
Parade must have the money to sponsor a ball for more than 800 people the night
of the parade, for example.

"It's just a way of life," Mr. Mouton said. "Socially, you always have your
barriers."

Despite the tradition of separate parades, tensions simmer beneath the
merriment.

Jim Caillier, an organizer for the black parade, said the shared seven-mile
route was expensive for some groups. A krewe can easily spend as much as $50,000
on beads, Mr. Caillier said, and still be empty-handed by the end of the parade.

"Seven miles is a long way, and it's just an expensive operation," Mr. Caillier
said.

Leaders of the black parade have struggled to raise money. This year, they
received $10,000 from the local government and $5,000 from the area's tourism
bureau. Crewe leaders keep their costs private.

JeNelle Chargois, a local radio talk show host, said some black marchers had not
walked the final leg of the parade route in past years because it ended at Cajun
Field, the sports home of the University of Louisiana at Lafayette Ragin'
Cajuns. Ms. Chargois said some residents felt slighted by a state commission's
decision in 1984 to name the university's sports complex after the local French
Cajun culture rather than the African and Creole populations.

"I don't see a building in this city named after any Hispanic or black," she
said. "It's not right; it's like you don't exist."

Small bands of outlaw revelers join the black parade as it passes through the
largely black north side of the city but drop out as the parade enters white
neighborhoods.

Mr. Mouton, an organizer for the white parade, also believes that the parades
should continue to run the same route primarily because together they create a
multimillion-dollar attraction for the city. But he also says the parades must
stay distinct, to preserve the heritage of the area's French Cajuns, who had
faced persecution in their own past.

"You have to preserve your race," he said. "You're white men and you mix it with
anything, it will never be white again. You have to teach your children to stay
with what they are."

Mr. Williams, the city councilor, also believes that the parades can flourish
with their separate racial and cultural identities but wonders what his son
thinks when he sees the two parades.

"The best thing I can do is explain the history," he said, and hope that
"diversity is there to be celebrated."


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: More than 400,000 people are expected today along a shared
parade route in Lafayette, La., where the biggest events will be an all-white
parade and an all-black one. Mardi Gras was in full swing there on Friday. (Brad
Kemp/The Advertiser)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              844 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                   December 23, 1999, Thursday, Home Edition

Grants to 5 black colleges will beef up fund-raising

BYLINE: Ernie Suggs, Staff

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: CityLife Atlanta (Extra); Pg. 6JD

LENGTH: 456 words

Michael Lomax knows the numbers --- he just can't get them to work in his favor.

As the president of New Orleans' Dillard University, he knows he has about
10,000 graduates spread out across America. He only knows how to get in contact
with about 7,000 of them, and only about 1,500 of them donate back to the
school.

"There is a lot of room for improvement," said Lomax, the former chairman of the
Fulton County Commission.

Money for those improvements came in a big way last week when Dillard, along
with four other historically black colleges received portions of a $ 10 million
grant to hire development officers and strengthen fund-raising efforts.

The Southern Education Foundation, an Atlanta-based foundation promoting equal
access in higher education, in conjunction with the Kresge Foundation of Troy,
Mich., picked the five schools and are funding the program.

"There has not been a real large pool of middle-class and upper-middle- class
African-Americans in this country who can support their institutions," said
Elridge McMillan, president of SEF. "This is an opportunity for a small group of
HBCU's to take the next step in their fund-raising opportunities."

The basis of the grant is simple: To create opportunities for underfunded black
colleges to build infrastructures that will allow them to identify potential
donors, whether they are graduates or outside donors such as businesses and
corporations.

No schools from Atlanta were chosen, or were among the 12 finalists for the
five-year grants, which can go up to $ 18 million if the schools reach certain
benchmarks.

Aside from Dillard, which will receive $ 2 million, money will also go to:
Bethune-Cookman College, $ 1.7 million; Johnson C. Smith, $ 2.6 million; Meharry
Medical College, $ 2.5 million; and Xavier University, $ 1.9 million.

The seven other finalists, Alcorn State, Claflin College, Fisk University,
Morgan State, Oakwood College, Voorhees College and Wilberforce University, each
received $ 100,000.

"We have learned that government support has allowed HBCUs to survive, but not
thrive," said John E. Marshall, president of Kresge. "We've learned that there
is a powerful African-American middle class that haven't supported these schools
because they can't be found."

Lomax said that his development staff, in charge of raising money and tending to
a $ 52 million endowment, consists of only two full-time professions and a
two-person support staff.

He said the grant will allow him to employ a total of eight people.

"This will enable us to significantly increase the size of our development
operations," said Lomax, one of five presidents on hand to receive the grants at
the SEF headquarters on Auburn Avenue.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Grant recipient: Michael Lomax, former chairman of the Fulton County Commission,
is president of Dillard University in New Orleans, which received a grant for
development activities. / ANNE ROCHELL KONIGSMARK / Special

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              845 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                     August 20, 2000, Sunday, Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Some Blacks' Harsh Comments About Lieberman Stir Old Tensions

Lynne Duke , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 1132 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


In a rambling diatribe on a radio broadcast, Lee Alcorn, an NAACP chapter
president in Dallas, said blacks ought to be "suspicious" of Sen. Joseph I.
Lieberman as a Jew.

At a Los Angeles news conference, Nation of Islam leader Louis Farrakhan
questioned whether Lieberman, as an Orthodox Jewish vice president, would be
"more faithful" to the United States or to Israel.

On the editorial page of New York's Amsterdam News, Wilbert A. Tatum, publisher
emeritus of the black weekly, said presidential candidate Al Gore selected
Lieberman "for the money" and that Jews around the world had bought his spot on
the Democratic ticket.

While blacks and Jews remain strong political allies, the recent spate of blunt,
insulting, even antisemitic public comments by a small collection of prominent
blacks has stirred discussion about blacks' views of Jews and has exposed an
undercurrent of black envy, even resentment, social scientists say.

To some blacks, the social observers say, Lieberman's nomination is the latest
example of how the small Jewish minority of 3 percent of the population has
become disproportionately powerful in the United States. And now, with Lieberman
in position to possibly be a heartbeat away from the presidency, Jews as a group
have gained entry to a realm that blacks have yet to penetrate, though they are
12 percent of the population and have suffered more on American soil. Those,
analysts say, are among the perceptions at work among some blacks.

Responding to Tatum's lengthy editorial on the alleged Jewish money calculus of
the Gore campaign, Abraham Foxman, national director of the Anti-Defamation
League, said in a statement that it was absurdly antisemitic.

"Tatum's assertion is insidious and an antisemitic canard employed by
antisemites, racists and conspiracy theorists through the centuries to bolster
their absurd claims of Jewish control," he said.

Black antisemitism has roiled public discourse between blacks and Jews for
years, just as anti-black Jewish racism has. Both sides are hypersensitive about
their relative "innocence" in these debates; each views its history of suffering
as a kind of moral shield against criticism, says Cornel West, a professor of
African American studies at Harvard University and the co-author, with Michael
Lerner, of "Jews and Blacks: Let the Healing Begin."

West and others attribute the outbreak of anti-Jewish sentiment among some
blacks to basic group envy. Blacks and Jews--like all other minority groups in
the United States--have been subjected to similar prejudice and xenophobia from
the majority culture. "And seeing one group soar higher, to greater successes,
the other group that has been hated even more has its expectations elevated,
meaning: Why not us?" West said.

Thomas Laurence, a professor of philosophy at the University of Syracuse who is
black and Jewish, says the dynamic at work goes deeper, to a problem of group
identity. Blacks, he asserts, carry a profound anger at their long history of
slavery and systematic discrimination, which have deprived them of a sense of
unity and belonging, what Laurence calls "peoplehood." In Laurence's view, Jews
represent what blacks lack most--cohesion and strength through group
cooperation--and this brews black resentment.

"Together, deep scars and deep anger yield quite inappropriate behavior, which
is what we have been witnessing of late," Laurence said.

Though reactions to Lieberman's nomination have sparked public dialogue about
black antisemitism, a May 1999 poll by the American Jewish Committee found that
Jews themselves perceive numerous other groups as more antisemitic than blacks.
Only 7 percent of the 1,000 respondents said they believed most blacks are
antisemitic, but 12 percent, 21 percent and 23 percent respectively said most
fundamentalist Protestants, most Muslims and most on the religious right are
antisemitic.

Since Vice President Gore's announcement Aug. 8 that Lieberman was his choice as
running mate, civil rights leaders have portrayed the selection as an advance
for all minorities and have distanced themselves from anti-Jewish comments. In
response to Tatum's editorial, Jesse L. Jackson said during the Democratic
convention in Los Angeles that "any language that would threaten our unity is
not helpful."

Some black lawmakers at the convention, however, had reservations about
Lieberman's past political rhetoric: his opposition to affirmative action, his
support for school vouchers. Had Lieberman been a non-Jewish white man,
positions such as these would have drawn howls of protest from blacks, West
said.

"Black leaders would be all over the place. Jesse would be marching," he said.

But precisely because Lieberman is Jewish and blacks want to preserve the
alliance, the criticism of his relatively conservative record was far more
muted, he said.

That is why Alcorn's outburst was so surprising to the civil rights community
and brought such a swift response: Alcorn was suspended and then resigned.

In describing Jews as suspicious and interested in money, Alcorn "picked a scab
off an old sore," wrote Philadelphia Daily News columnist Elmer Smith. Smith
described a Washington dinner party of prominent African Americans who were
angered by Alcorn's outburst and the damaging impact it would have on African
American politics. At the same time, they acknowledged there were tensions with
Jews.

"And while nobody in the room will say so for publication, it was tacitly
acknowledged that Alcorn's remarks reflected a latent distrust that bubbles just
beneath the surface of a still-important black-Jewish partnership," Smith wrote.

While Tatum says "absolutely not" when asked if he resents Jews, he adds, "There
is a degree of envy, however."

"Blacks have considered that they have contributed enormously to this country
and many of us believe that we've gotten the dirty end of the stick, that when
considerations are handed out that we are so rarely considered," Tatum said.

He said that he expects Lieberman to be "a fine vice president," but that the
selection of a Jewish candidate in this era of big-money campaigns was the
product of "a cynical move" among Democrats seeking to maximize their
fundraising potential.

What he said in his editorial in the city's oldest black weekly is: "The word
went out all over the world to Jews in every pocket of every civilization and
near-civilization, that the major protector of Jews in this world, the American
government, is now available. But in order to get it, you've got to buy it."

The ADL labeled Tatum's editorial as blatant antisemitism. Tatum denies it. He
says he's been accused of hiding behind "the skirts of my wife." His wife, Susan
Tatum, is a Jewish Holocaust survivor.


LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 22, 2000

CORRECTION: The name of Syracuse University professor Laurence Thomas was
transposed in an article Aug. 20.

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              846 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 25, 2011 Friday
                                  City Edition

MASKED MAN ROBS OKC BANK

BYLINE: STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 154 words


A masked man armed with a pistol and wearing a wig used a purse to collect money
as he robbed a bank Thursday morning in northwest Oklahoma City, the FBI
reported.

No one was hurt in the robbery, which occurred about 9:25 a.m. at a Bank of the
West branch, 5401 NW 23, according to the FBI.

The man walked into the bank with a black semi-automatic pistol and demanded
money, the FBI reported. The man told a teller, "Give me the money. No funny
money and no dye packs."

The man stuffed an undisclosed amount of cash into a black purse before running
east on NW 23, according to the FBI.

The man was wearing a surgical mask, and witnesses told investigators they think
he was trying to hide skin discoloration around his mouth, the FBI reported. The
man is about 6-feet-2 and weighs about 180 pounds. He was wearing a white zip-up
hooded sweatshirt with a design on it and a black T-shirt underneath, blue jeans
and black shoes.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A masked man robs a Bank of the West branch Thursday at 5401 NW 23 in
Oklahoma City. - PHOTO PROVIDED BY THE FBI

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                          February 28, 2007 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

State diplomacy reaches city children

BYLINE: Ashley Bishop, SPECIAL TO THE T&G

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 371 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Ron Bell, the director of the governor's new Public Liaison Office, met with a
group of important people at the Worcester Public Library yesterday afternoon.

"Children are our most important resource in this state," said Mr. Bell,
addressing a group of 20 children from the YWCA of Central Massachusetts, "and
because you are so important, guess what I'm going to do for you? I'm going to
read you a book."

Mr. Bell was in the city to read to the children as part of Black History Month,
and provided a lively rendition of the popular children's book "Chicka Chicka
Boom Boom" by Bill Martin Jr. and John Archambault, to the equally lively
audience of 4- and 5-year-olds.

"I wish reading was this fun when I was a child," said Mr. Bell, as the kids
excitedly echoed him during his reading. "You are all so smart."

Mr. Bell was hired by Gov. Deval L. Patrick to head the Public Liaison Office,
with a goal that Mr. Bell said is to "open the lines of communication between
the citizens and Gov. Patrick."

"It's good to be in the library in Worcester," he said. "It's a place where
people are civicly engaged."

Mayor Konstantina B. Lukes was also on hand for the event.

"Last November we had our own historic month in the state, when Deval Patrick
was elected as the state's first African-American governor," the mayor said
during her introduction of Mr. Bell.

The event included a presentation of a $25,000 check from Shaw's Supermarkets
and Coca-Cola to four libraries in honor of Black History Month, with $5,000
going to the Worcester Public Library. Other communities to receive library
money are Boston, New Bedford and Fall River. Brian Pijanowski, the senior vice
president of Shaw's, presented the check to the city.

The library already has an extensive collection of books about black history,
and many of them are on display throughout the library as part of Black History
Month.

"It's great. The money will be used to buy more books about African-American
history," said Penelope Johnson, head librarian. "The nice thing is that people
keep publishing new books, and this money will be a great way to expand the
library's collection.

"In the afternoons, when families come to the library, it's truly like a
mini-United Nations here."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Ron Bell, director of the governor's new Public Liaison Office, reads to a group
of children from the YWCA of Central Massachusetts yesterday at the Worcester
Public Library as part of Black History Month.
T&G Staff/TOM RETTIG

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Star News (Wilmington NC)

                             March 27, 2005, Sunday

Easley saves public's money

SECTION: Local/State; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 353 words


Gov. Mike Easley has rescued North Carolina taxpayers from a bipartisan,
bicameral mugging. In the process, he's reminded arrogant legislators that they
should never underestimate his willingness to fight them or his ability to
outfox them.

The legislators were about to "sell" - for one dollar - publicly owned property
worth $ 5.5 million or more.

But before they could rob us and give our property to a cook-training school,
Mr. Easley sold the building and land for $ 5.25 million. That saved us $
5,249,999.

Another potential bidder says he was prepared to offer $ 7 million, but there
wasn't time to arrange that deal. If the governor hadn't sped up the process and
called a telephone meeting for top elected officials to approve the sale, the
Honorables would have gotten away with the giveaway.

Even for Jim Black, the cheesy pol who leads House Democrats, this attempted
heist was jaw-dropping. He said he promised to give state-owned property in
downtown Charlotte to a private school that wanted $ 10 million, one way or
another, before it put a branch in Charlotte.

Jim Black promised, mind you; not the General Assembly, not the Commerce
Department, not the governor. Mr. Black got no guff from his Republican
sidekick, Rep. Richard Morgan, who got $ 5 million of our money to spend however
he chose to benefit him politically.

Marc Basnight, the Democratic leader of the Senate, agreed to support Mr.
Black's giveaway, and Mr. Black agreed to support Mr. Basnight's give away of
hundreds of acres of state land in his district.

In short, Mr. Black, Mr. Morgan and Mr. Basnight acted like the leaders of
organized crime families, magnanimously agreeing to dispose of property and
money that belonged to other people - in this case, you.

They didn't count on Mr. Easley playing the part of Elliott Ness.

But Charlotte's godfather hasn't given up. He says, "I gave them (the private
school, not the taxpayers) my word, and I owe my best effort to give them the $
8 million more." Of our money.

Mr. Ness had better keep his eyes open, his fedora on and his tommy gun loaded.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Copyright 2005 Star News


                              849 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday

Valley Baptist fundraiser aims to expand children's services

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 325 words


Jan. 20--Valley Baptist Medical Center will hold its popular "Black Tie Bash"
tomorrow evening to raise money for new pediatric services at its Brownsville
campus.

Money raised at the charity event will go toward expanding the range of services
for the hospital's youngest patients. The function takes place at the
Brownsville Events Center, 1 Event Center Blvd., off Paredes Line Road.

Chefs from Valley Baptist's Magnolia Grille Restaurant will provide the dinner,
and Mango Punch from Houston will provide the music. The night will include a
brief program on renovations to the hospital's pediatric department.

Judy Quisenberry, director of development for the Valley Baptist Foundation,
says Friday's event easily should raise the $80,000 or so necessary for
additions to the Brownsville pediatric unit.

In its fifth year, the Black Tie Bash always gets a big response, she said,
noting that more than 500 people are expected to attend.

"Brownsville loves this event, so they support it regardless of what exactly
we're raising money for," Quisenberry said. "The first three years we raised
money for women's services. We refurbished the labor and delivery floor. It's
not just pediatrics.

"Brownsville understands the importance of supporting our hospital, and it's
very tough to make ends meet with the charity care we do in the Valley. In order
to do additional services, quite often it takes philanthropy," she said.

For more information on this year's Black Tie Bash or supporting Valley
Baptist's Brownsville pediatric and women's services, call 389-1614 or email
judy.quisenberry@valleybaptist.net

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110120-BV-Valley-Baptist-fundraiser-aims-to-expand-children-s-services-0120-20
110120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                              850 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 19, 1994, Friday, FINAL EDITION

NAACP: New boss and renewed roots

BYLINE: Al Neuharth, USA TODAY FOUNDER

SECTION: NEWS; Plain Talk; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 288 words


The headlines are about sexual harassment and "hush money." But the substance is
survival of one of our great forces to fight bias and bigotry.

That life-or-death decision may be made this weekend by the board of the
National Association for the Advancement of Colored People.

Since it was born on the 100th anniversary of Abraham Lincoln's birthday in
February 1909, the NAACP has championed civil rights for all.

Then, dedicated blacks and whites pooled their brains and their bucks to "ensure
political, educational, social and economic equality."

Now, Executive Director Benjamin Chavis Jr. ignores those interracial roots and
courts black nationalists and militants who decry integration or cooperation.

Then, 20 blacks and 10 whites served as a powerful and effective NAACP board.

Now, 61 blacks and three whites make up that unwieldy body.

Among those who served the NAACP board with distinction back when it both
preached and practiced diversity:

-- Blacks: Ralph Bunche, W.E.B. DuBois, Medgar Evers, Benjamin Hooks, Thurgood
Marshall, Jackie Robinson, Roy Wilkins.

-- Whites: Oscar Hammerstein, Fiorello LaGuardia, Herbert Lehman, Nelson
Rockefeller, Eleanor Roosevelt.

The NAACP's heyday was the civil rights decade of the 1960s, under Executive
Director Wilkins. He insisted that only an interracial force could gain
mainstream opportunities for blacks.

"Black power is black death," Wilkins preached. That voice from their late,
great leader should be heeded by the NAACP board this weekend.

Firing Chavis would silence the hush-money scandal. But the NAACP needs more
than just a new boss. It also must renew its roots if it is to spread its wings
over the next century as it has the last.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Opinion USA

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              851 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            October 30, 2016 Sunday

Hartmans raising money for 'one good breakthrough'

BYLINE: Cathy Dyson, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 438 words


Oct. 30--Tall and thin with a penchant for exercise, Frank Hartman jogged to
stay in shape until his knees started to bother him. He took up bicycling about
1999 and started doing events to raise money for medical research--for AIDS,
multiple sclerosis and breast cancer. He guesses he raised at least $1,000 each
year.

His wife, Salli Hartman, joined him in his causes after she retired in 2013.

In April 2015, Frank Hartman was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis,
or ALS, and started raising money for research of that disease. ALS is a fatal
condition that affects nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord. People with it
lose the ability to walk, talk, eat and eventually, breathe.

When Frank Hartman's condition started to limit his movements, workers with the
Washington, Maryland and Virginia chapter of the ALS Association suggested a
tandem bike. They put him in touch with Larry Black at the Mount Airy Bicycle
Co., who loaned the Hartmans a specialized bicycle built for two.

"ALS is brutal, and if we could play even a small part for a brief moment of
joy, we had to do it," Black said.

Black got Frank Hartman set up in the bike seat, and everyone who saw him shift
from a wheelchair to a bike "was overcome with joy and emotion, as was I, as was
Frank," Black said.

Frank Hartman and other relatives formed Team Hartman to ride in the Sea Gull
Century bike ride Oct. 8 on Maryland's Eastern Shore. His younger brother, Mike
Hartman, from Arizona, planned to ride in the tandem bike with him.

"Unfortunately, Dad's body just would not cooperate," said the Hartmans'
daughter, Heidi Reichert. "It was so hard for him to decide it just wasn't safe
to ride."

But, in the next breath, the daughter said the family made the most of it. Their
team raised $10,000, about half of the total generated. Even though Frank
Hartman couldn't pedal a bike, he greeted others who did.

"People came over and shook Dad's hand and told him what an inspiration [it was]
to see him out there, cheering on the bike riders" during the rainy weather,
Reichert said. "It was a powerful day, though disappointing and a reminder of
Dad's decline."

The Hartmans plan to continue doing rides and walks to support research for ALS,
which has no cure. Salli Hartman keeps hoping for "one good breakthrough," and
that it will come sooner rather than later.

More information about the disease is available at ALSinfo.org.

Cathy Dyson: 540/374-5425

cdyson@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2016 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161030-FB-Hartmans-raising-money
-for-one-good-breakthrough-1030-20161030

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2016 The Free Lance-Star


                              852 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          November 18, 2015 Wednesday

South San Francisco: Police say robbers punch man, take his cash

BYLINE: Katie Nelson, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Nov. 18--SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO -- A man was punched in the face and robbed early
Sunday by three men, police said Wednesday.

Around 12:45 a.m., police said a man was sitting in his car in the 100 block of
Produce Avenue when three men approached his car and ordered him to get out.

The man got out of his car and then one of the suspects pressed a "sharp object"
against the man's side and demanded he hand over money, police said. The man
tried to resist the trio, but one of them punched him in the face.

The group took an undisclosed amount of money before they ran southbound on
Produce Avenue after they were spooked by an oncoming car, police said.

The first suspect was described as a black man, roughly 24 years old, about 6
feet 2 inches tall and with a stocky build. He had a gold grill on his upper row
of teeth and wore a black baseball cap with "SF" in white letters on the front,
a long-sleeve black shirt, black jeans and Timberland boots.

The second suspect was described as a black man, also about 24 years old, about
5 feet 7 inches tall with an average build. He had a trimmed beard and wore a
black baseball cap with a silver shield on the front, a black long-sleeve shirt
and black, sagging jeans, according to police.

The third suspect was described as a Hispanic teen between 16 and 17 years old
and about 5 feet 5 inches tall. He wore an unbuttoned black sweater, a black
shirt with a Mexican flag printed on the front and an eagle emblem imprinted in
the middle of the shirt.

Advertisement

Anyone with any information on the incident can contact the South San Francisco
Police Department at 650-877-8900. Those wishing to remain anonymous can call
650-952-2244 or send a tip at tips@ssf.net

Contact Katie Nelson at 408-920-5006 and follow her at
Twitter.com/katienelson210.

___ (c)2015 the San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) Visit the San Mateo
County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151118-SM-South-San-Francisco-Police-say-robbers-punch-man-take-his-cash-1118-
20151118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2015 Small Business column


                              853 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 July 18, 2000, Tuesday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Tank Black drug case set for bail hearing

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: SPORTS; SPORTS DIGEST; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 787 words



Sports agent Tank Black agreed Monday to be sent to Michigan for a bail hearing
on charges he was part of multimillion dollar drug ring.

His appearance before a federal magistrate had been delayed a week, and it only
took about two minutes for lawyers for Black and Linda Wilson, his co-defendant
and business partner, to consent to the transfer.

This month, a Michigan grand jury indicted Black, Wilson and several others on
money laundering and drug charges.

Black, wearing a suit and shackles, smiled and waved to many of the dozen people
in court in Columbia, S.C.

"Hanging in there?" someone asked.

Black, a half smile on his face, nodded slowly. He has been in jail since July
5.

Defense attorney John Hardaway, who has said Black is innocent, would not
discuss why Black agreed to go to Michigan.

Assistant U.S. Attorney John Barton said that for security reasons he did not
know when they would be moved to Michigan by U.S. marshals.

Prosecutors said Black hid drug dealers' money, moved drugs and helped dealers
get out of the country. He is accused of laundering $ 1.1-million and funneling
it into a car title loan business.

Black and Wilson also are charged with conspiracy and perjury. If convicted on
all counts, each could get life in prison and $ 4-million in fines.

He had been free on $ 1-million bond on charges in Florida he swindled about a
dozen NFL players out of more than $ 5-million.

The Securities and Exchange Commission also has sued Black.

SAILING: For the second straight year, Earth Voyager won the Port
Huron-to-Mackinac Island (Mich.) Sailboat Race. The tri-hull owned by Ray Howe
of Rochester, N.Y., arrived near Mackinac Island at 8:52 p.m. Sunday after 30
hours, 42 minutes.

COLLEGE FOOTBALL: Miami begins two-a-day practices Aug. 10 and freshmen players
report Aug. 5. Practices will be open to the public Aug. 10-18. Utah quarterback
Darnell Arceneaux was free on bail after being arrested in Honolulu for
investigation of abuse of a household member. Police arrested Arceneaux, a
Hawaiian native, early Sunday when they responded to reports of problems at a
Waikiki nightclub. In addition to the abuse charge, police also arrested
Arceneaux for an outstanding warrant. Arkansas tight end J. Strain, a redshirt
freshman, will miss the season after tearing the anterior cruciate ligament in
his left knee while working out.

SOFTBALL: Yvette Girouard, whose teams won 758 games in 20 seasons at
Louisiana-Lafayette, was named coach at LSU. She replaces Glenn Moore, who took
the job at Baylor.

HORSE RACING: Highland Stud, in a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in
Lexington, Ky., is accusing trainer Bob Baffert of helping to defraud $ 250,000
and additional stallion shares from the syndicate while trying to squeeze more
races out of 1998 Kentucky Derby winner Real Quiet. The stallion should have
retired months before he did in February, the complaint says. Baffert insisted
Real Quiet was fit for the track even though the horse's front legs were
severely injured.

COLLEGE BASKETBALL: About 150 coaches discussed concerns over the ban on summer
recruiting scheduled for 2002 during a meeting in Las Vegas. The National
Association of Basketball Coaches wants to make sure coaches are heard by the
NCAA before the legislation takes effect. Many of the coaches are in town for
the Big Time basketball tournament, which features 312 teams made up of some of
the nation's top high school players.

TENNIS: Fifth-seeded Gala Leon Garcia of Spain and Magdalena Maleeva of Bulgaria
won their first-round matches at the Polish Open women's tournament. Garcia beat
Anna Zarska of Poland 6-1, 6-0, and Maleeva defeated Karolina Jagieniak of
France 6-2, 6-3.

BOXING: Former heavyweight champion Larry Holmes said he is furious about what
he considers lenient charges against two men accused of a racist assault against
his son and two of his son's friends. Larry Holmes Jr., Jason Black and Sean
Burgio were assaulted with a baseball bat in Nazareth, Pa., on Saturday,
according to police. Black and Burgio were both hospitalized and Black has
sustained some hearing loss. Nickoles Lambert, 18, was charged with two counts
each of aggravated assault, simple assault and reckless endangerment. Charles
Kaufmann, 52, was charged with one count of simple assault and one count of
disorderly conduct.

BASKETBALL: Lionel Hollins, who has 22 years' experience as a player and coach
in the NBA, was hired as coach of the International Basketball League's Las
Vegas Silver Bandits. Brazil beat Canada 74-73 in a men's exhibition game at
Montreal marred by a bench-clearing brawl with 5:20 to play that saw three
players ejected.

- Compiled from Times wires.


LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Tank Black

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              854 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 6, 1990, Monday, FINAL EDITION

A PEEK INSIDE GOLF'S EXCLUSIVE WORLD;
Clubs with equality are in minority

BYLINE: Gene Policinski

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 1304 words


A look at discrimination in golf. Today: Course-by-course report on membership
and club rules on the PGA Tour.

 From clubhouse to fairway in the golf world, lily white has been par for the
course.

No more - at least on the courses that host major golf tournaments in the USA.

But that change might not reach into the big-money, elite world of most private
clubs or courses.

According to a month-long USA TODAY investigation, though most would agree
justice demands equal access, there's no evidence of a major push by minorities
for membership in golf's plush bastions - even after the controversy about
holding the PGA Championship at formerly all-white Shoal Creek Country Club near
Birmingham, Ala.

Golf is exploding across the USA. Twenty-three million people - up 25% from
three years ago - will play this year in the $ 26 billion industry. But there
was a different kind of explosion a month ago at Shoal Creek, a privately owned,
400-member course that will host this week's PGA Championship.

The admission by the club's founder that blacks weren't welcome as members
touched off a national storm of criticism, threats of picketing and protests and
TV sponsor withdrawals - and produced near-instant results.

Last Tuesday, the course's leaders made a decision-under-fire to admit two
blacks, one ''honorary'' member and one who will pay the standard $ 35,000
membership fee.

The move was blasted by some blacks as tokenism but hailed by others as a step
forward for the game.

In the muddled, big-money world of golf's elite courses and expansive private
clubs, both sides might be right.

An investigation by USA TODAY found:

- Eight private clubs among 143 courses and clubs that will host 1990 PGA, LPGA,
Senior PGA stops, admitted having no black members. Most estimates say as many
as 30 more might be all-white.

But most of the 143 clubs contacted said they have no rules against minorities
becoming members or playing the courses - which sidesteps the issue of whether
minorities are welcome or are encouraged to join.

One of the problems in pinning down the racial situation is very little about
membership shows up on paper.

The site of the 1993 PGA Championship, Aronimink Golf Club near Philadelphia,
has no blacks among its 325 members. It has a $ 15,000 initiation fee, plus
annual dues ranging from $ 2,500 to $ 3,500, said John Brooks, the club's lawyer
and a member.

While the club has no bylaws or rules against minorities, ''no black members had
ever applied or inquired about joining,'' he said. ''It just never happened, so
we never had any decisions to make.''

- No agency or group tracks minority membership in the nearly 5,000 private golf
clubs across the USA.

But in a special report published Sunday in the Democrat and Chronicle of
Rochester, N.Y., a survey of 17 area private clubs found only 16 blacks among
6,061 members - .03%, a figure that experts say might hold true nationally.

And a survey by the Philadelphia Daily News of 35 area clubs shows just Squires
Golf Club in Ambler, Pa., had any black members. Those members are former
Phillies star Garry Maddox and former 76ers star Julius Erving.

- Blacks - about 2.89% of all golfers in the USA - are not the only group to
face discrimination in the clubhouse and at the tee.

Women face widespread, entrenched restrictions on tee times and access to some
facilities, and membership rules are stacked against single, divorced or widowed
females.

Most common: Men-only tee times for key periods, Wednesday afternoons and
Saturday mornings; club memberships that cannot be renewed if the male spouse
dies or the marriage ends in divorce. Many smaller private clubs also retain
separate dining or lounge areas - in some areas called ''Men's Grill.''

- Megabucks initiation and membership fees - fees more than $ 20,000 are common
- and jammed membership lists provide an automatic barrier to legions of
would-be members of all genders and races.

The average fee is $ 16,550 just to join the 54 private clubs on the three main
golf tours that disclosed their fees.

There were 12 clubs with fees of $ 25,000 and more and three above $ 40,000.
Only 16 clubs had fees of less than $ 10,000. Fees of $ 40,000 to join are
common and tradition restricts not only minorities but women as well.

The current median annual income for a U.S. household: $ 32,191; for black
households, $ 19,329.

For Denver Urban League president Tom Jenkins, the situation in the Mile High
City isn't racial: ''I don't know of any problems personally. It's an economic
barrier at this point, with $ 35,000 to $ 70,000 for memberships. I don't know
of too many blacks that can put that kind of money into memberships. There has
been no controversy.''

- There is sharp division among civil rights leaders as to whether it's worth
the time, effort and money to try to open clubhouse doors for a small elite,
when more pressing problems are at hand.

Clarence Jackson, a member of the national board of directors for the Congress
of Racial Equality, is critical of the attention and energy focused on Shoal
Creek.

''I want to deal with more important social problems than beach clubs and golf
clubs,'' Jackson said. ''There are higher priorities that black folks need to
deal with, things like drugs and education, these are the things that bother
me.''

But Women's Sports Foundation president Deborah Anderson called breaking down
the race barrier at Shoal Creek an important step.

''After golf will come tennis. And we can't stop with golf courses that (are
host to) tournaments. There are a lot of (discriminatory) golf courses that
don't want tournaments.

''Sport is a microcosm of total life. Just as we advocate equal opportunities in
the business world ... we need to do that in the places where we recreate.
Otherwise we send mixed messages to our youth,'' Anderson said.

- There has not been a single legal move to force minority membership in any of
the clubs on the '90 tours, according to a USA TODAY survey of local civil
rights groups.

There was a protest at only one event - the LPGA's U.S. Women's Open, at the
Atlanta Athletic Club course in Duluth, Ga. - over the fact the club has no
black members.

''What would Nelson Mandela say about our Atlanta Athletic Club?'' said Bill
Crossman, leader of the ARISE (Against Racism in Sports Events) Coalition, the
group that picketed the event.

Planned protests at Shoal Creek were canceled this week when the club agreed to
admit a black businessman as an ''honorary'' member and to act favorably on an
application by another black for regular membership.

A recent two-part report in Golf Digest said private clubs face legislation or
legal action in eight states by women hoping to gain full access either to tee
times or men-only dining areas.

The magazine also said several states or municipalities - ranging from the state
of Maryland to San Francisco - now have laws aimed at forcing an end to
discrimination at clubs with more than 400 members.

But the report said the impact is sketchy so far, and settlements have come only
after expensive and lengthy legal maneuvering.

While CORE's Jackson would rather see blacks moving on other areas, he doesn't
entirely dismiss the Shoal Creek controversy.

''Black folks have to understand that racism is well and alive in America,''
Jackson said.

''For those who think we have done so much to get rid of it, we have not. We
have just begun the real fight.

''It is not just public facilities we are dealing with from this point on. It is
going to be those things that sustain our livelihood and our life.''

 Contributing: Reid Cherner, Don Cronin, Peter Brewington, Harry Blauvelt,
Valerie Lynn Dorsey, Mariolga Fernandez, Steve Hershey, Carol Herwig, Rick
Preiss, Jon Saraceno, Peter Williams

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; color, Mike Clemmer (Golf Course, Shoal Creek Country Club)

TYPE: Cover Story

Accompanying story; Golf clubs by the numbers; Colo. club fails to meet new
standard

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              855 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Independent on Sunday (London)

                            January 11, 2004, Sunday

FOCUS: THE FAMILY SILVER - FOR SALE: NEST EGGS OF THE RICH AND FAMOUS (CASH
OFFERS ONLY);
 CONRAD BLACK IS STRAPPED FOR CASH. SO IS THE FORBES FAMILY. THEY MAY

BYLINE: DAVID USBORNE Conrad Black in his Palm Beach home and, left, a
Forbes-owned Faberge egg CANWEST NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1048 words


It was a property-for-sale advertisement in the Palm Beach Daily News last week
that gave it away. One of the town's wealthiest residents - and there are many
of them, from Rod Stewart to the Revlon tycoon Ronald Perelman - was packing to
leave. The reason was not hard to divine. The owner of this especially
spectacular beachfront house is Conrad Black. And, as everybody knows, he
urgently needs to raise cash.

This is no ordinary seaside spread. The sliver of land that makes the barrier
island just off the mainland at Palm Beach in Florida is dotted with mansions of
astonishing grandeur and pretension. The one at 1930 South Ocean Boulevard,
however, that has belonged to Black and his wife, Barbara Amiel, since 1997, is
considered one of the most opulent. There is no price mentioned in the
advertisement. But, reportedly, Black hopes to sell it for $ 36m (pounds 19.6m)
- a nice mark-up on the $ 9.9m he paid for it.

Black has collected fine homes over the years. There is the 11-bedroom townhouse
near Kensington Palace in London, the mansion in Toronto and the luxury
apartment on New York's Park Avenue. Collectors are meant to accumulate more,
not sell and dispense. But downsizing has been forced on Black since he was
ousted in November as chief executive officer of Hollinger International amid
allegations of improper payments made to himself and to some associates.

It is possible that Black and Amiel have simply grown tired of Palm Beach and
its cocktail and caviar ways. But that is not what you see on their faces in the
photograph of both them that will appear in next month's Vanity Fair.
Accompanying a lengthy article about the concentration of money and pedigree
along the stretch of Ocean Boulevard, the snap shows the two of them posed
graciously in front of some statuary on their surf- side front lawn.

Black needs money to finance the lawyers to fend off an ongoing investigation
into what happened at Hollinger by the Securities and Exchange Commission in the
United States and to fight the many lawsuits against him that are expected to
surface. More immediately, he has agreed to pay $ 7.2m of the unauthorised
payments back to the company. He recently missed a deadline to make a first
instalment of $ 850,000, and was given an extension until the middle of this
month.

Black is a rich man. But most of his wealth is said to be tied up in Hollinger
shares. Selling them would be fraught and complicated - so the property
collection must go, or at least a large part of it. As well as selling the Palm
Beach mansion, Black is understood to have received unsolicited offers for the
Kensington house. He has yet to put it on the market, but could expect it to
raise as much as $ 25m. There is no word about the fate of his homes in New York
or his native Toronto.

"Thank heavens for priceless assets in hard times" will be the motto of another
publishing family looking to sell precious goods to raise money this winter.
Last week, the children of the late Malcolm Forbes revealed that Sotheby's will
auction off his fabled collection of nine Faberge Imperial Easter eggs from
tsarist Russia, second in size only to the 10 eggs within the confines of the
Kremlin. When the eggs and another 180 Faberge objects go under the hammer in
April, they might fetch as much as $ 90m.

The Forbes scions may need the money less urgently than does Black. But their
decision to sell comes at a time when Forbes Magazine, the family's main
holding, has suffered a 50 per cent drop in advertising over three years. "We're
trying to make sure the real jewel - Forbes and Forbes.com - stays within the
family," said Christopher Forbes, vice-chairman of the company. "None of us are
getting any younger. It was a great passion of Pop's, and we have had a great
time owning these objects."

Fortunately for the Forbes siblings, the market for the eggs seems good. In
2002, Christie's sold another Faberge piece, the Imperial Winter Egg, for $
9.5m. The family may be facing financial strains, but the timing may be more to
do with the prospect of achieving stratospheric bids. There will be some sadness
when the gavel is wielded, however. It is likely that after the auction the eggs
will never be together again.

Sadness undoubtedly awaits Conrad and Barbara also. There is nothing modest
about the 17,000sq ft mansion in Palm Beach to which they would habitually jet
in wintertime aboard Black's private Gulfstream plane. The house sits on almost
an acre of land and features a ceramic-tiled tunnel that passes under Ocean
Boulevard to a stretch of private beachfront on the other side. Inside,
meanwhile, are fine paintings, including an original Andy Warhol painting of
Marilyn Monroe, and luxurious furniture. On the second floor, hangs a
gold-fringed American flag that Franklin D Roosevelt once had hanging behind his
desk at the White House. Black's own biography of FDR, Franklin Delano
Roosevelt: Champion of Freedom, has just been published. He is said to have
spent $ 8m of Hollinger money to acquire many of the former president's letters
and other private documents.

The newspaper advertisement for the house sale boasts of the tunnel as well as
of a "dramatic stairwell", a library, exercise room, two-storey guest house,
private cinema and pool with cabana. Since buying it, Black has renovated the
house, adding the pool cabana. Only 30 years old, the property was appraised for
tax purposes by the county at $ 17m in 2002. Black paid taxes on that, which
amounted to a little more than a third of a million dollars. Other details for
any prospective buyer: the mansion has its own lift, marble floors, nine
bathrooms, six bedrooms and a three- car garage.

Local estate agents agree that the mansion is one of the three most desirable in
Palm Beach. Most also expect that he will have no trouble attracting a price
close to what he is asking. "It is spectacular," said Linda Gary, who
specialises in properties for the very rich. "It truly is. It is just an
eloquent home."

Even Black himself once conceded that the degree of luxury inside could be
construed as over-the-top. "It isn't everyone's cup of tea," he said. "Some
people are offended by the extreme opulence, but I find it sort of
entertaining."

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 Independent Print Ltd


                              856 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 03, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

Developers' Donations at Issue; N.Va. Primary Candidates Use Gifts as Fodder in
Growth Debate

Dan Eggen; Justin Blum, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 767 words


Development interests are spending heavily on some local and state races in
Northern Virginia's fastest-growing counties, according to campaign finance
reports filed this week.

Home builders, real estate companies and other development interests have long
been among Virginia's most prolific political givers. But in both Loudoun and
Prince William counties, the donations have become issues in primary election
campaigns as debates over controlling growth heat up.

Del. Richard H. Black (R-Loudoun) has dubbed his Republican opponent, county
Supervisor David G. McWatters (Broad Run), "the Golden Boy" of developers even
though both candidates received donations from the industry. In Prince William,
two challengers to Gainesville Supervisor Edgar S. Wilbourn III (R) are refusing
to take money from developers.

Dale Polen Myers, chairman of the Loudoun Board of Supervisors, got strong
financial backing from real estate and development interests in her unsuccessful
campaign for the Republican nomination.

Myers (At Large), who had argued for bringing more businesses to the county,
lost the May 22 primary to Supervisor Scott K. York (Sterling), who ran on a
slow-growth platform. York refused to take money from development interests.

Myers's contributions included $ 1,000 from a Sterling developer, $ 1,000 from a
Bethesda surveying firm and $ 500 from a Sterling construction firm, among
others.

Black, who is running in the primaries to be held Tuesday, raised $ 15,376
during April and May. McWatters raised $ 20,195 during the same reporting
period.

Development industry companies gave to both campaigns, but Black attacked
McWatters for accepting $ 5,000 from Reliance Development of New York, a company
with projects in Loudoun.

"The election is on the verge of being bought in my opinion," Black said. "This
guy is consistently on the side of developers."

McWatters said the contribution would not affect any of his votes in the General
Assembly session in Richmond. He said Black also had accepted money from
development interests.

"Mr. Black is simply trying to steer the conversation away -- he did absolutely
nothing in Richmond to help us curb the sprawl here," McWatters said.

In Prince William, where furor over rapid growth prompted passage of a
controlled-growth plan last year, the development industry has made significant
contributions to two incumbents.

Wilbourn, who is involved in a fierce three-way primary contest, collected more
than $ 13,000 in itemized cash donations during the reporting period, most of it
from construction firms and other development interests. He had almost $ 23,000
in the bank.

Kevin P. Childers, a Manassas lawyer, collected $ 7,200 in cash contributions
and had a little more than $ 4,000 on hand. Martha T. Hendley, a community
activist also opposing Wilbourn, reported having less than $ 2,000 in the bank.

Both Childers and Hendley have vowed not to accept contributions from
development interests, and both have said that Wilbourn's support from that
industry -- and his career of building homes and offices -- has undermined his
ability to act in the public interest.

"I don't have the money he's got, so it's difficult to get my message out,"
Childers said. "But I think people can see through that."

Wilbourn dismissed his opponents' complaints as "sour grapes" from candidates
who are falling behind in fund-raising.

In the only other contested Prince William board race, half of the $ 12,000 in
itemized contributions to Chairman Kathleen K. Seefeldt (D) came from the
development industry. The supervisor has amassed a campaign chest of almost $
70,000 to defend her seat from GOP challenger Sean Connaughton, a lawyer who has
attacked Seefeldt for her role in setting county development policy. He reported
$ 8,600 in new donations and more than $ 33,000 on hand, most of that coming
from a $ 25,000 loan that he gave himself.

In other races:

In a GOP primary bid to challenge longtime state Sen. Charles J. Colgan
(D-Prince William), G.E. Buck Waters reported expenditures of more than $ 40,000
in cash and donated services in April and May. Waters collected nearly $ 24,000
in new contributions. His opponent, Robert FitzSimmonds, had nearly $ 9,000 on
hand.

In a Democratic primary to challenge Del. Robert G. Marshall (R-Prince William),
Denise Oppenhagen had nearly $ 6,300 in new contributions and spent more than $
7,800. The other candidate, Billy G. Tatum, had about $ 6,300 in contributions.

Staff writers Michael D. Shear and Craig Timberg contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 03, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              857 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            March 28, 2007 Wednesday

Prosecutors try to tie payments to Black; Defence argues terms of sale,
including non-compete payment, had been approved by outside lawyers and auditors

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 474  words


As the second week of Conrad Black's fraud trial wrapped up yesterday,
prosecutors tried to lead the jury down a money trail they plan to prove led
directly to the pockets of Black and his fellow former executives.

Meanwhile, defence lawyers suggested it was a legitimate path which pointed in a
different direction altogether.

After four government witnesses testified that they never asked for the
"non-compete" payments at the heart of the prosecution's case, the lawyer for
one of Black's co-defendants suggested that all of the payments were legal and
approved by outside lawyers and auditors.

In cross- examination of U.S. lawyer Thomas Henson, who was involved in
newspaper purchases from Black's former company Hollinger International, Michael
Swartz asserted his client Mark Kipnis had properly documented all the
transactions and submitted them for approval.

Kipnis was Hollinger International's former top legal executive at the company's
Chicago headquarters and has been charged with fraud, alongside Black and other
former executives.

Henson was involved in a U.S. media company's acquisition of newspapers from
Hollinger International in 1999 and 2000.

Swartz suggested the final non-compete agreement clearly showed that both
Hollinger International and Hollinger Inc. - a Toronto company controlled by
Black and which owned 35 per cent of Hollinger International - agreed to the
arrangement.

It also stated that Hollinger International would decide how the money was to be
allocated and in the first of two deals, $50 million in fees was to be divided
into $38 million for Hollinger International and $12 million for Hollinger Inc.,
Swartz suggested.

While Henson, who signed the deal on behalf of Community Newspaper Holdings Inc.
of Birmingham Ala., did not answer Swartz's suggestions directly, he did say the
transaction's "closing book," or formal record of the deal, would have been
reviewed by auditors.

"The transactions have to be booked," he said, "and the auditors have to agree
with the way they're booked."

The issue of non-compete payments is central to prosecution allegations that
Black and former associates David Radler, John Boultbee, Peter Atkinson and
Kipnis swindled shareholders out of about US$60 million in non-compete payments
they got that should have gone to the company.

Separately, Black is also accused of misusing Hollinger International funds on
personal expenses, which takes the total claims to about US$80 million.

Non-compete agreements are common in the business world, where companies who buy
newspapers and other assets agree to pay extra cash for promises from the
sellers that they won't start up a competing business. In this case, however,
the payments were unusual because they went to Black and the other executives
instead of publicly traded Hollinger International and the company's
shareholders.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            November 10, 2006 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Pixies' singer frank about tour: Rock 'n' Roll: Black Frank relents after saying
'never' to band's reunion

BYLINE: Sandra Sperounes, CanWest News Service

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 485  words

DATELINE: EDMONTON


EDMONTON --Never say never.

For years, Frank Black vigorously ruled out a reunion with the Pixies, one of
the most influential alt-rock bands of the '80s and '90s.

He had moved on -- releasing several solo pop, roots and country albums and
looping around the continent on what seemed like a never-ending tour.

Then, out of the blue, Black and his fellow Pixies -- bassist Kim Deal,
guitarist Joey Santiago and drummer Dave Lovering -- decided to bury their
differences and appease their fans. In 2004, the purveyors of Debaser, Monkey
Gone to Heaven and U-Mass headed out on a reunion tour. The foursome would later
play the main festivals across U.S. and Europe, such as Coachella, Lollapalooza,
Sasquatch, Reading, Leeds and, earlier this year, the Newport Folk Festival.

Black is frank about the reunion.

In hindsight, he says the best thing about the tour was the financial
remuneration.

It sounds callous, but look at this way, in their heyday, the Pixies weren't
exactly chart-topping millionaires. So Black is finally reaping what he deserves
for influencing everyone from Nirvana to British balladeer James Blunt, who
often performs a cover of Where Is My Mind? during his shows.

"We got paid so much money compared to what we made in the old days," says
Black. "Just the fact we were paid well was nice. It was a validation ... I
don't know if we deserve it or not, but it's nice to be paid well. It feels
good."

The money also allows the 41-year-old Boston native to support his young family
and pursue his own musical interests.

"Fortunately, because of the Pixies, I made a few bucks and that's wonderful,"
says Black.

"We're not U2 and I do occupy a kind of cultish niche. My solo records don't
really make me a lot of money, my solo tours haven't really made me a lot of
money. I'm not complaining. I get to do what I want. I get to be an artist.
Maybe one day, I'll have a hit record or maybe I'll look back and have 25
records in print and they'll all make me a couple grand a year. I don't know
where it's all leading."

Revisiting his work with the Pixies, however, didn't lead Black to a new
appreciation for his earlier repertoire.

Nor does he think their tunes inspired his freshly penned songs, which he plans
to release before Christmas, according to his official fan site,
www.frankblack.net. It's a collection of live songs -- including a few Pixies
ditties -- and tracks written while he was on tour with his wife and their four
children, including two little pixies under 20 months.

If anything, Black's children are more of an inspiration than his back
catalogue. Particularly their toys.

"I actually did write a song based on some toy that I think (my son) had."

While that song has yet to see the light of day and a new Pixies album isn't in
the cards -- at least any time soon -- perhaps Black will be tempted to cash in
on the new trend of recording an album of children's songs.

Never say never.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: CanWest News Service; Lead singer and guitar player Frank Black of the
Pixies entertains the crowd at a sold out 2004 performance in Victoria.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 30, 1992, Monday, Final Edition

With a Curtsy and Smile, They Make Debut;
At Jack and Jill Cotillion, 14 Young Black Women Step Into the Spotlight

DeNeen L. Brown, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 1055 words


It started with an introductory tea last spring. Then came the luncheons with
their mothers, the boat ride with their fathers and the endless lessons on
posture, how to hold a fork and how to waltz.

Finally, Saturday night came, and 14 young women, ages 16 to 19, rushed to make
last-minute touches to their hair and long white dresses before a debutante ball
at the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Tysons Corner.

Though usually depicted as the province of white high society, the ball these
young women prepared for was all black, part of a tradition in middle- and
upper-income black families in Washington and across the country.

It was the fifth cotillion organized by the Reston Chapter of Jack and Jill of
America Inc. One of the oldest black social and service organizations in the
country and a historical fixture in Washington, Jack and Jill started holding
the cotillion every two years to ensure that members' children got the proper
introduction to cultured society, its president said.

"We feel this is something that is significantly different for the African
American girl," said Beverly Riley, president of the Reston chapter. "It's
something different and nice.

"It's their time to dress up. Some teenagers get so used to blue jeans. This is
something they know nothing about. They learn the waltz, the minuet and social
graces. . . . When so much negative is happening around them, this is something
positive. The final night is the night for them to shine."

Up and down the halls of the hotel Saturday night, the girls primped in
full-length gowns, strings of pearls, long white gloves and white high heels.
They put final coats of spray on hairdos that were fresh from an afternoon at
the beauty shop. They powdered their noses and put on last layers of pink
lipstick.

But before they would walk on stage in front of 400 people who came from as far
away as Alabama, Chicago and New York to see them, they had to get through a few
last-minute obstacles.

Kisha Elliott, 16, had been waiting for years to "be queen for a day and have
the spotlight on you and a chance for everyone to hear your achievements." She
carefully put on her pearl earrings, smoothed her hair, looked in the mirror --
and her face twisted with panic.

"I can't remember one dance we have to do," said Elliott, a junior at James
Madison High School in Fairfax County. "Oh, my God, I can't remember how many
times we count before we turn."

Her sister, a debutante before her, calmed her and told her she would be
surprised how much she remembered once she reached the stage.

Just then a girl knocked on Elliott's door. "My skirt fell off. I need to take
this dress off and put it on again," she said, running to the bathroom in a
long, puffy gown.

In the room across the hall, Barika Toatley, a 16-year-old junior at South Lakes
High School, pulled a vintage wedding dress out of a plastic bag. She was
nervous that somehow she would manage to fall off the stage during the waltz or
step on her dress.

"I'm not used to dancing so formal," said Toatley, who decided to become a
debutante because her parents thought she "deserved to be a princess for a day."

"I'm used to dancing to whatever is on the radio."

Jack and Jill was started more than 50 years ago in Philadelphia by black
mothers who wanted to provide educational, cultural and social experiences for
their children during a time of segregation. Today, the group gives black
children of similar backgrounds a chance to socialize together. In recent years,
the local organization has begun reaching out to children of lower-income
families.

The group organizes the ball as a fund-raiser. The girls raise money by selling
tickets to the ball and ads for a debutante booklet. The three girls who raise
the most money receive scholarships. One-third of the profit goes to the
national foundation, which gives money to community group for projects, and
two-thirds goes to scholarships for students. Two years ago, the local group
gave away more than $ 8,000 in scholarships.

As one 13-year-old girl, who dreams of the day when she will attend her own
debutante ball, said: "It gives us a chance to be around other blacks who have
just as much money as we do."

Earlier in the evening, the girls' relatives had pulled up to the hotel, many in
Mercedes, Volvos and Jaguars. They wore furs and sequins as they entered the
ballroom. Mothers pampered their daughters and tried not to cry.

In the lobby, the girls practiced their dance routine one last time, as the
choreographer yelled, "Don't forget to smile, and keep your head up." Some of
them trembled slightly and stepped off the beat. Some curtsied long before they
were supposed to. "That's okay. The music will be playing and you'll know when
to turn," the choreographer assured them.

As the young women lined up behind stage, one debutante noticed that the lace on
her dress was crooked. Another noticed that the seamstress didn't sew the hem on
the back of her dress high enough, so that every time she stepped back, her heel
caught her dress and made her trip.

In line, the girl turned to another debutante, "Could you please pick up my
dress?" The second debutante would have none of it. "You pick it up," she said.
"I have my own dress to worry about."

As the debutantes lined up, the young men who would be their escorts practiced
their steps down the hall. Their tailcoats swayed and their shoes sparkled as
they counted to themselves silently.

"Somebody show me the dip," one escort said. "Okay, it's step turn, step over
turn . . . go eight turn, turn."

At 9:15, after dinner was finished and the guests had placed their forks in the
4 o'clock position, the lights where lowered and, one by one, the debutantes
stepped under a white canopy and onto the stage. Their smiles were frozen as
they were paraded around the stage and the announcer read their biographies and
lists of dreams.

The debutantes presented bouquets of flowers to their mothers and took the
traditional bows. They danced with their fathers, then with their escorts. And
finally it was their turn to be alone on stage.

They twirled around like butterflies, carrying small bouquets of pink roses
intertwined with twinkle lights.

The girls stayed in line, bowed formally in unison. No one fell off the stage,
and no one lost count.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, FROM LEFT, TAMICKA FLANNAGAN, BARIKA TOATLEY AND TERRI RANDOLPH
PRACTICE THEIR WALK BEFORE MAKING THEIR ENTRANCE AT THE COTILLION. JAMES A.
PARCELL

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              860 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Conrad Black seeks dismissal of U.S. charges: 'No jurisdiction'. Alleged acts
occurred in Canada, filing says

BYLINE: BARBARA SHECTER, CanWest News Service

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Conrad Black is seeking to have criminal charges against him dismissed, arguing
the United States does not have jurisdictional authority to prosecute him and
there is not enough evidence to convict him.

In court papers filed in Chicago yesterday, the former media baron said most of
the misconduct alleged by the U.S. attorney for the northern district of
Illinois took place in Canada, not the United States.

"The acts alleged to form the offence occurred in Canada. Not only does the
United States lack jurisdiction to prosecute Mr. Black ... but the venue in the
northern district of Illinois is improper," the filings say of a wire fraud
charge stemming from a transfer of money from a Toronto bank.

The filings also argued racketeering charges should be dropped on jurisdictional
grounds.

"Of the five individuals alleged to be components of the 'enterprise,' four are
not United States citizens," say the documents, which characterize other
allegations against Black as "irrelevant, inflammatory and prejudicial."

Last November, Black was indicted on mail and wire fraud charges, which were
later broadened to include money laundering, racketeering and obstruction of
justice.

The criminal indictment accuses Black and a handful of former top executives of
diverting tens of millions of dollars from the Hollinger publishing empire, and
accuses Black of "fraudulent misuse" of perks, including $40,000 toward a
birthday party for his wife.

Black and former executives Jack Boultbee, Peter Atkinson and Mark Kipnis are
accused of using a series of newspaper sales to fraudulently enrich themselves
by disguising bonuses as "non-compete" payments demanded by the buyers.

Midnight was the deadline for Black and others accused in a $83-million U.S.
fraud scheme to seek to reduce the charges against them or alter the wording of
the indictments.

Black, who says he is innocent and will be vindicated, has been stripped of
control of the newspaper empire that once spanned three continents.

The trial is set to begin in March in Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                  March 03, 2000, Friday, 2 Late Tampa Edition

Judge lets out Black on bond

BYLINE: ERNEST HOOPER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 784 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE



The agent is released after posting $ 1-million. But government links him to
more illegal dealings.

Agent Tank Black, accused by the federal government of fleecing clients of
millions of dollars, was released on $ 1-million bond Thursday after a detention
hearing before U.S. Magistrate Gary Jones.

But the 9 1/2-hour proceeding allowed assistant U.S. Attorney Jerome Sanford to
present what Jones called troubling evidence that indicated Black laundered
money for indicted Detroit narcotics dealers and helped two of the accused flee
the country.

Black is charged with conspiracy to commit mail fraud, wire and bank fraud;
conspiracy to commit money laundering, and criminal forfeiture. Federal
prosecutors allege he cheated NFL players out of more than $ 6-million in an
investment scam. The players include Bucs receivers Reidel Anthony and Jacquez
Green and fellow former Gators Ike Hilliard and Fred Taylor.

Black's client roster also included emerging NBA superstar Vince Carter. But the
Toronto Raptors guard suspended his relationship with Black on Thursday pending
resolution of his legal matters, which include a Securities and Exchange
Commission civil lawsuit that contains most of the allegations in the federal
indictment.

Thursday's proceedings centered on whether Black was a flight risk.

"That man has been virtually a liar, cheat and a thief for the last three
years," Sanford said in his closing statement. "He has lied to his clients,
stolen from the players. He has no sense of integrity, no sense of honor."

Black's attorney, Tampa-based Peter George, said Black could not flee even if he
wanted to because he has no passport and his assets have been frozen.

Sanford introduced evidence from an unrelated federal investigation in Detroit
that linked Black to a drug ring that has been under investigation since October
1996.

Internal Revenue Service special agent Kevin Boudreau testified that a member of
the drug ring corroborated evidence that indicated Black laundered money for key
people in the ring.

Boudreau testified that the ring member told him Black laundered money for a 25
percent fee, funneling the cash into a Cayman Islands investment program.

Black's attorney, Peter George, said the 25 percent fee was being set aside for
a trust fund for the investors' children. He said Black thought the ring leaders
were real estate investors.

The prosecution said that in April 1998, Black and Linda Wilson, an employee
also charged in this case, chartered a jet in Columbia for a flight to Jamaica
for a member of the drug ring, his wife and his two children.

George said Black had limited knowledge of the couple and thought he was helping
a family find a vacation home.

Magistrate Jones said to Black: "It's difficult to understand how you could make
a "business trip' to Jamaica and not have more insight into the persons you were
assisting."

Jones also said he was troubled by a Rio de Janerio trip Black took with men
accused of being drug ring members.

George described the trip as a business venture to search for condominiums in
Brazil. Jones said no one in "their right mind" would invest in Brazil during
February 1998 because of high interest rates in that country at the time.

The prosecution said Black was helping the ring leaders find a residence in case
they had to flee the country.

Despite his concerns, Jones decided to release Black on bond. He also released
Wilson on $ 500,000 bond. Black and Wilson will be arraigned at 9:30 this
morning in Gainesville. The proceeding is expected to be brief.

Trial is scheduled for May.

The releases of Black and Wilson came with several restrictions, including:

 Both will use their separate homes to secure the bonds, and if they flee the
country, they will lose the homes and related property.

 Both will have a curfew from 10 p.m. to 6 a.m. and will be monitored
electronically.

 Neither will be allowed to leave South Carolina, where they live, unless they
are attending trial in Gainesville or meeting with Florida-based attorneys. The
pair can seek special permission to make business trips with a three-day notice.

 Neither is allowed to have contact with Black's former clients, which include
Green, Anthony, Hilliard and Taylor.

Sanford also requested that Black not be allowed to contact Linda Danielle
Granger of Atlanta. Sanford described Grainger as Black's "paramour" and said he
had purchased cars for her and paid her rent.

The statement clashed with George's portrayal of Black as a family man who
needed to be released to take care of his wife and three children. Black's wife,
who suffers from Lupus, attended the proceedings and left with Black.


LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              862 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Brownsville Herald (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday

Valley Baptist fundraiser aims to expand children's services

BYLINE: Steve Clark, The Brownsville Herald, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 328 words


Jan. 20--Valley Baptist Medical Center will hold its popular "Black Tie Bash"
tomorrow evening to raise money for new pediatric services at its Brownsville
campus.

Money raised at the charity event will go toward expanding the range of services
for the hospital's youngest patients. The function takes place at the
Brownsville Events Center, 1 Event Center Blvd., off Paredes Line Road.

Chefs from Valley Baptist's Magnolia Grille Restaurant will provide the dinner,
and Mango Punch from Houston will provide the music. The night also will include
a brief program on renovations to the hospital's pediatric department.

Judy Quisenberry, director of development for the Valley Baptist Foundation,
says Friday's event easily should raise the $80,000 or so necessary for
additions to the Brownsville pediatric unit.

In its fifth year, the Black Tie Bash always gets a big response, she said,
noting that more than 500 people are expected to attend tomorrow.

"Brownsville loves this event, so they support it regardless of what exactly
we're raising money for," Quinsenberry said. "The first three years we raised
money for women's services. We refurbished the labor and delivery floor. It's
not just pediatrics.

"Brownsville understands the importance of supporting our hospital, and it's
very tough to make ends meet with the charity care we do in the Valley. In order
to do additional services, quite often it takes philanthropy," she said.

For more information on this year's Black Tie Bash or supporting Valley
Baptist's Brownsville pediatric and women's services, call 389-1614 or email
judy.quisenberry@valleybaptist.net

To see more of The Brownsville Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.brownsvilleherald.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Brownsville Herald,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110120-BV-Valley-Baptist-fundraiser-aims-to-expand-children-s-services-0120-20
110120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BV


                     Copyright 2011 The Brownsville Herald


                              863 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 15, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BENEFITS

SECTION: Section 14; Column 5; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 820 words


It Takes Several Villages
WEDNESDAY -- A black-tie dinner and dance at the New York Hilton and Towers will
raise money for the drug and alcohol treatment centers operated by Samaritan
Village. The Brooklyn district attorney, Charles J. Hynes, will be among those
honored. The event begins with cocktails and silent auction at 6. Tickets, $500,
from (212) 736-0404.

Support for Women in Need
THURSDAY -- Natalie Cole will be honored at a dinner for Women in Need at the
Cathedral Church of St. John the Divine to raise money for the organization's
homeless shelters and support services. Drinks at 6:30, followed by dinner and
entertainment by the singer Linda Eder and George Duke, a jazz pianist. Tickets,
$500, from (212) 838-6033.


A Taste of the Lower East Side
THURSDAY -- Chefs from 20 New York Lower East Side restaurants will prepare
signature dishes at a dinner at the Orensanz Center for the Arts, 172 Norfolk
Street (East Houston Street), to raise money for the youth programs of the Grand
Street Settlement. Drinks at 7. Tickets, $75, from (212) 674-1740, ext. 208.

A Glass Menagerie
FRIDAY -- An auction of glass artwork and a dinner, at the TriBeCa Rooftop, 2
Desbrosses Street (Greenwich Street), will raise money for UrbanGlass and the
organization's programs, including one that teaches women from low-income
neighborhoods how to make and market glass beads. Cocktails at 6. Tickets, $175,
from (718) 625-3685, ext. 239.

Why the Caged Bird Will Sing
APRIL 23 -- Dionne Warwick, Ashford and Simpson and others will salute Maya
Angelou at a benefit for Aaron Davis Hall, the Harlem performing arts center.
The black-tie concert and dinner at the hall, West 135th Street and Convent
Avenue, begins with cocktails at 6. Tickets, $250, from (212) 650-8970.

A Kitchen Party
APRIL 23 -- Philip Glass, Meredith Monk and others will perform at a dinner and
show at the Roxy, 515 West 18th Street (10th Avenue), to benefit the arts and
education programs of the Kitchen, the performing arts space. Drinks at 7.
Tickets, $500, from (212) 243-7300.

Camelot Couture
APRIL 23 -- A preview of "Jacqueline Kennedy: The White House Years," a new
exhibition at the Costume Institute of the Metropolitan Museum of Art, will
raise money for the museum's educational programs and exhibitions. The black-tie
dance, with cocktails and dessert, begins at 10. Tickets, $300, from (212)
570-3948.

Inkjet-Stained Wretches
APRIL 23 -- Arthur Miller will be a host of a black-tie dinner to raise money
for PEN, the literary society, at the New York State Theater. Proceeds go to
PEN's programs, including one to aid imprisoned writers. Drinks at 7, followed
by dinner anddancing to the Peter Duchin Orchestra. Tickets, $500, from (212)
334-1660, ext. 111.

Pride of the Yankees
APRIL 23 -- The Yankees' coach Mel Stottlemyre will be honored at a dinner at
Cipriani 42nd Street, to raise money for Multiple Myeloma Research Foundation.
Cocktails at 6.  Tickets, $500, from (203) 972-1250.

Designerati at the Waldorf
APRIL 24 -- David N. Dinkins, the former mayor, will be the host of a black-tie
dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria to raise money for the scholarships supported by
Black Alumni of Pratt Institute. The designer Philippe Starck will be among
those honored. Drinks at 6:30 will be followed by dinner and performances by
Yolanda Adams and Gerald Levert. Tickets, $1,000, from (718) 636-3479.

Toot Suite
APRIL 24 -- Wynton Marsalis, Marilyn Horne, Marvin Hamlisch, Patti LuPone and
others will perform at a black-tie concert to raise money for scholarships and
other programs at the Juilliard School. The evening begins at 7 in Lincoln
Center at the Juilliard Theater, with dinner to follow outside under a tent.
Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 573-6933.

Harvesting for the Hungry
APRIL 24 -- A black-tie dinner at the Pierre will raise money for City Harvest,
which delivers leftover food from restaurants, supermarkets and other sources to
food pantries, soup kitchens and other meal providers.  Cocktails at 7. Tickets,
$500, or $200 for those under 30, from (212) 874-5457.

Seinfeld and the Cosbys
APRIL 24 -- Jerry Seinfeld will be the master of ceremonies, and Bill and
Camille Cosby hosts, at a dinner for the Hello Friend/Ennis William Cosby
Foundation at Pier 60, at Chelsea Piers, at which Diane Schuur and Chaka Khan
will perform with an orchestra led by Quincy Jones. Proceeds from the event,
which begins with drinks at 6:30 p.m., go to a Fordham University program that
trains teachers to help children with reading and learning disabilities.
Tickets, $250, from (212) 573-6933.

Spring Forward
APRIL 30 -- The spring season of the American Ballet Theater will open at the
Metropolitan Opera with "Black Tuesday," a new work by Paul Taylor, and a
Tchaikovsky program. The black-tie evening begins with the performances at 6:30,
followed by dinner and dancing at 8:30 in a tent on the Lincoln Center plaza.
Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 477-3030.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              864 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  November 06, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

Area Colleges Open Up Black Scholarships

Victoria Benning; Valerie Strauss, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 1124 words


Two years after a federal appeals court struck down a scholarship program for
black students at the University of Maryland, many Washington area colleges have
made scholarships once reserved for African Americans available to students of
other races.

But critics say that several of the schools were not legally obligated to make
the change and that black enrollment eventually may drop as a result.

Colleges' reactions to the court decision have varied widely, and several school
officials acknowledge that they have been confused over how to interpret it.
Some schools have opened up their black scholarship programs to students of all
races, others have made them available to other minority students but not to
whites, and still others have made no changes at all.

The University of Virginia, for example, has revamped the rules of a program
that awarded four-year scholarships to 50 black Virginians each year. The
scholarships now are open to "under-represented minorities," students of all
races who have "overcome serious obstacles" and white students who come from
low-income families or who are the first generation in their family to attend
college.

The change took effect with the freshman class that entered this fall. The 50
recipients this year were 37 blacks, nine whites, three Asians and one Latino.

University of Virginia officials said they revised the program, known as the
University Achievement Awards, partly because of the 1994 court ruling striking
down the Benjamin Banneker Scholarship Program at the University of Maryland at
College Park. But they said they also did so be cause they wanted to offer more
financial aid to needy students from other racial backgrounds.

"We had numerous discussions with university staff and legal counsel as to the
legality of the program after Banneker, and felt we had to make this change,"
said John A. Blackburn, director of undergraduate admissions at U-Va. "We also
looked at it and felt there are some great needs out there, with the growing
Hispanic populations in the Arlington area, for example, and with Asian
Americans and with some other poor students."

But the change was opposed by Michael Mallory, director of minority recruitment
and assistant dean of admissions at the Charlottesville school. The U-Va.
scholarship program is privately funded, and the court decision covered only
programs funded with public money, Mallory said.

Like other critics of the changes in scholarships, he argued that scholarships
reserved for African Americans are a powerful recruiting tool that has increased
black enrollment at traditionally white universities with histories of
discrimination.

Although U-Va. and the other schools involved did not show a decline in black
enrollment this fall, Mallory said it is too soon to judge the impact.

"I don't know what the change will mean for the university in the long run -- I
still believe that the university is deeply committed to recruiting minority
students. But the change does send a message to African American students who
are here and who are considering applying."

The Banneker program, started in 1978, provided 30 to 40 full scholarships a
year to black students at the University of Maryland.

The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said the program was unconstitutional
because university officials had failed to show that it was tailored to
compensate for past discrimination at the school.

The ruling covers Virginia, Maryland, North Carolina, South Carolina and West
Virginia.

But it applies only to public institutions and publicly funded scholarships,
said Thomas J. Henderson, deputy director of the Lawyers Committee for Civil
Rights Under Law. Henderson said it is "harmful and unbalanced" for colleges and
universities to make "wholesale changes" in their minority scholarship programs
without careful consideration.

Like the University of Virginia, however, several schools have decided to revamp
privately funded programs. In some cases, school officials say they are
protecting themselves from possible future legal challenges.

Old Dominion University, in Norfolk, has opened its five privately funded
scholarship programs for black students to all minority groups, but not to
whites.

"We thought the spirit of the [Banneker] decision was important, so we went
ahead and made those changes," said Dana Burnett, vice president for student
services at Old Dominion.

All the race-based scholarships at Virginia Tech, in Blacksburg, and at Mary
Washington College, in Fredericksburg, are privately endowed, too. But officials
at those schools decided not to make any changes at this time.

At the University of Maryland campus in Baltimore County, the Meyerhoff science
scholarships, once reserved for African Americans, now are available to students
of any race who are committed to the advancement of minorities in science,
according to school officials. The scholarships, which go to about 100 students
a year, are funded with both public and private money.

The College Park campus, meanwhile, offered scholarships this fall to about as
many black students as before the Banneker ruling, but only because it doubled
the size of a scholarship program.

The university incorporated the Banneker program into the school's Key
scholarship program for top students of any race. In 1995-96, the first year of
the combined program, 19 of the 71 Banneker-Key scholars were black students.

This fall, the number of recipients doubled to 150, 41 of them black. The
provost found more money in the school's general fund, and deans agreed to use
money they had been spending on merit scholarships in their own colleges for the
Banneker-Key program, instead.

A case involving Northern Virginia Community College may clarify the Banneker
ruling's scope. Last month, a white student at the college filed a complaint
with the U.S. Education Department's office of civil rights alleging that the
college's Leslie V. Forte Scholarship, open to several minority groups but not
to whites, violates the court ruling.

College officials contend that the Forte awards are legal because they are
privately funded and managed by a private, nonprofit foundation rather than by
the school.

Louise Dudley, director of university relations for U-Va., said interpreting the
Banneker ruling has been confusing. U-Va. officials still haven't decided what
to do about two other black-only scholarship programs that are privately funded
and that provide aid to about 30 students a year.

Henderson said, "We've had calls and discussions from a number of institutions,
and I'm not surprised they're confused by the ruling -- it is confusing and in
many respects internally inconsistent."

LOAD-DATE: November 06, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              865 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            August 11, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Judge rejects Black's request to postpone pre-trial questioning

BYLINE: Joe Schneider, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO -- A federal judge in Chicago ordered former Hollinger International
Inc. chief executive Conrad Black and his associates to submit to questioning by
lawyers suing them for more than $425 million US for misappropriating company
funds.

U.S. District Judge Maria Valdez rejected Black's request to postpone pre-trial
questioning in the civil case until federal prosecutors complete a criminal
investigation. Black sought the delay because of concerns his testimony might be
used in the criminal probe, violating his right against self-incrimination. The
Aug. 5 ruling was posted on the court's website on Tuesday.

Black and his associates are accused in the suit of using Hollinger money to
finance their lifestyles. Valdez said the defendants will be protected by
sealing any portions of their depositions that may relate to the criminal
investigation. She rejected Black's request to seal the entire testimony.

"Defendants have failed to establish good cause to seal the depositions in their
entirety because they have not shown that all of their testimony is potentially
incriminating," Valdez wrote in her ruling.

Chicago-based Hollinger International, publisher of the Chicago Sun Times, sued
Black and his wife Barbara Amiel Black, who was a member of the board. Former
President David Radler, former Chief Financial Officer John Boultbee and former
Chief Operating Officer Daniel Colson, were also accused in the January 2004
complaint.

The company is seeking to recover money it says the defendants took without
proper authority. Black plundered Hollinger International to finance a lavish
lifestyle for himself and his wife, including parties at his 12-acre estate in
Toronto and the use of a corporate jet, according to the suit.

Black has denied any wrongdoing. He countersued on April 25 and said if he's
found liable, members of the company's audit committee, including former
Illinois Governor James Thompson, should pay part of the damages because they
breached their fiduciary duties.

The U.S. Attorney in Chicago is investigating whether Black and Radler committed
fraud when Hollinger International sold newspapers to companies they controlled.

In her decision, Valdez said the defendants may invoke their constitutional
rights and refuse to answer questions they believe may incriminate them.

She also rejected Black's request to keep testimony in the civil case sealed
until the end of any potential criminal investigation in Canada, where Black
lives.

The U.S. court "need not decide the disputed but irrelevant questions of whether
there is or will be a Canadian criminal investigation ," Valdez wrote.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Bloomberg News files; Conrad Black, former chief executive of Hollinger
International Inc., allegedly used money to finance a lavish lifestyle.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                   February 5, 1997, Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

TODAY'S TOPIC: SMALL BUSINESS;
Capital ideas

BYLINE: Shelia M. Poole (e-mail: spoole@ajc.com)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 02C

LENGTH: 612 words


Atlanta entrepreneurs and business owners have another source of information.

Next week the Small Business Administration, the city of Atlanta and the Atlanta
Empowerment Zone will hold a grand opening for the One-Stop Capital Shop at
Atlanta City Hall East, 675 Ponce de Leon Ave.

The center quietly opened about three weeks ago and already 70 would- be
entrepreneurs and small-business owners have used its services. It is the first
urban One-Stop Capital Shop in the Southeast and only the 11th in the nation.

All this without advertising.

"The Atlanta One-Stop Capital Shop is extremely important," said George Lima,
deputy director for the shop. "We're trying to raise the level of entrepreneurs
in Atlanta. We want more entrepreneurs."

Services will include one-on-one counseling, on-site bank loan officers,
workshops and seminars, access to business software and computers.

The emphasis will be on businesses in the Atlanta Empowerment Zone. All services
are free.

New ABL chairman

Thomas Dortch, an Atlanta businessman and former state director for Sen. Sam
Nunn (D-Ga.) was recently sworn in as chairman of the Atlanta Business League,
an association of black business owners

Dortch, who succeeds investment banker Raymond McClendon, said his goals include
reviewing the ABL's programs and conducting a survey of corporations on what
affirmative action and procurement programs are in place to help minority
businesses.

"The African-American community and the minority business community have been
providing affirmative action for decades," he said. "We have given our money to
support all of these businesses and we have not really looked to see if these
businesses have the same attitude."

Reaching out to other minority business organizations will also be a priority,
Dortch said. Last year the ABL began an affiliation with the Atlanta Hispanic
Chamber of Commerce to share information and resources and to work on common
issues. The league also has a similar alliance with a Chinese business group.
Also look for strong ties with the recently formed Georgia Black Chamber of
Commerce.

Hot business picks

On the verge of taking the entrepreneurial plunge? If so, you may want to look
before you leap. Starting a home-based business requires discipline, energy, a
patient spouse and courage, according to the February/March issue of Your Money.

But perhaps more important, it requires a good idea. The magazine takes a look
at entrepreneurs who work out of their home and also identifies the top 10
home-based businesses for 1997 and beyond.

Your Money's hot picks are:
Mail order, which is being fueled by the World Wide Web.

Cleaning services for homes and offices. Consider a niche such as gutter
cleaning or file shredding.

Import and export. A good business for small and large firms, but it's important
to thoroughly research your contacts.

Personal assistant service. This can cover the range from making gift baskets to
specialized shopping.

Consultants. Find a niche and go.

Business plan or letter writing. Effective communication skills are a must in
today's competitive environment. Tap into the small-business market.

Community publishing. Niche publications are becoming more powerful and
profitable.

Temporary or executive placement service. A hot growth area whether it's
home-based or not. This is being fueled by continued downsizing.

Personal or business coaching. This can run the gamut from motivator to career
coach.

Personal historian. This may be the biggest surprise of the bunch. This can
incorporate skills from journalism and psychotherapy backgrounds.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart: PROFILES IN SUCCESS AMONG BLACK-OWNED BUSINESSES
 In the '90s, black-owned firms accounted for more than 600,000 U.S.
 businesses, posting sales of more than $ 32 billion. A look at black
 enterprise: The nation's capital has the highest percentage of black-
 owned firms... .. As a percentage of the total, 1992
 .. District of Columbia..................................28.60%
 .. South Carolina........................................10.90%
 .. Virginia..............................................10.40%
 .. Maryland............................................. 9.30%
 .. Mississippi............................................6.70%
 ...while California has
 .. the highest sales
 .. In billions of
 .. dollars, 1992
 .. California............................................$ 5.50
 .. Texas............................................... $ 2.34
 .. New York..............................................$ 2.27
 .. Florida............................................. $ 2.26
 .. Illinois..............................................$ 1.77
 Service industries are
 .. the most profitable...
 .. Top industry groups for black-
 .. owned firms, in billions, 1992
 .. Service industries................................. $ 11.10
 .. Retail trade..........................................$ 6.90
 .. Finance, insurance,
 .. real estate......................................... $ 2.90
 .. Wholesale trade..................................... $ 2.90
 .. Health services..................................... $ 3.80
 ...and the top 100 black firms have posted gains in sales, staff
 .. Total sales and staff for the
 .. Black Enterprise 100
 .. Sales
 .. 1994..............................................$ 11.7 billion
 .. 1995..............................................$ 13.1 billion
 .. Staff
 .. 1994..................................................47,900
 .. 1995..................................................51,100
 Women who run top black firms,
 .. and the company's annual revenue
 .. Loida N. Lewis, chair and CEO
 .. of TLC Beatrice International, $ 2.1 billion
 .. Clara Taylor Reed, CEO
 .. of Mid-Delta Home
 .. Health, $ 34.8 million
 .. Valerie Daniels-Carter, CEO of
 .. V&J Foods, $ 33 million
 Top five companies in the Black
 .. Enterprise Industrial 100, in 1995 sales
 .. TLC Beatrice (food processing)....................$ 2.1 billion
.. Johnson Publishing (publishing, broadcasting)... $ 316 million
 .. Philadelphia Coca-Cola Bottling Co.............. $ 315 million
 .. H.J. Russell & Co. (construction)............... $ 173 million
 .. Pulsar Data Systems (office automation)......... $ 165 million
 .. Sources: Commerce Department, Black
 .. Enterprise; research by Pat Carr.
 .. Knight-Ridder Tribune

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              867 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 7, 2015 Monday

Stafford seeking 2 suspects in store robbery

BYLINE: Keith Epps, The Free Lance-Star, Fredericksburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 254 words


Dec. 07--Two armed robbers got away with an undisclosed amount of money and
other property after robbing a clerk at a 7-Eleven in southern Stafford County
late Sunday night, authorities said.

Sheriff Charles Jett said the robbery took place about 11:50 p.m. at the store
at 219 Kings Highway. Two people wearing masks and brandishing handguns entered
the store and demanded money and cigarettes.

Jett said they took money from the register, along with multiple packs of
Newport and Marlboro Menthol cigarettes. One of the suspects then went to a back
area and took money, credit cards and jewelry from the victim's purse. The clerk
was not physically injured.

They were last seen running toward Ferry Road, Jett said. A police dog lost a
track in the area of nearby Taylor Street.

The first robber was described as a tall, light-skinned black male wearing black
shoes, jeans, mask and gloves. He had on a black and gray jacket with a black
hood and was carrying a bright green backpack and a black handgun.

The second robber was a shorter white male wearing black and white shoes, black
jeans, a black jacket with a black hood and a red mask. He was wearing bright
pink gloves and a two-toned black gun.

Anyone with information is asked to call the Sheriff's Office at 658-4400 or
Crime Solvers at 659-2020.

Keith Epps: 540.374-5404

kepps@freelancestar.com

___ (c)2015 The Free Lance-Star (Fredericksburg, Va.) Visit The Free Lance-Star
(Fredericksburg, Va.) at www.fredericksburg.com/flshome Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151207-FB-Stafford-seeking-2-suspects-in-store-robbery-1207-20151207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FB


                       Copyright 2015 The Free Lance-Star


                              868 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              March 3, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BENEFITS

BYLINE:  E-mail: society@nytimes.com Information: (212) 556-1141

SECTION: Section 14; Column 1; The City Weekly Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 716 words


Breast Cancer Awareness

WEDNESDAY -- Sheryl Crow will be among those performing at a benefit concert at
the Manhattan Center, 311 West 34th Street (Eighth Avenue), for the National
Breast Cancer Coalition. The evening begins at 6 with cocktails, with dinner and
a live auction to follow. The show begins at 9. Tickets, $1,250, from (212)
245-6570.

Batting for the Homeless

WEDNESDAY -- Mike Piazza, the Mets catcher, and Russell Simmons, the rap
impresario, will be among those honored at a dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria for
Help USA, a nonprofit organization that provides housing and other services for
the homeless. The evening begins at 6 with drinks with dinner to follow at 7.
Tickets, $1,000, from (212) 573-6933.


For Troubled Teenagers

WEDNESDAY -- Proceeds of a dinner at the Essex House will go to support Inwood
House and its programs aimed at preventing teenage pregnancies and supporting
the families of teenage parents. The evening begins at 6:30 with cocktails, with
dinner at 7:30 and dancing. Tickets, $300, from (212) 861-4400, ext. 232.

Constellation to Honor a Star

THURSDAY -- Jodie Foster, Chris Rock, Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell will be among
those honoring Mel Gibson at a dinner at the Waldorf-Astoria to raise money for
outreach programs and exhibitions of the American Museum of the Moving Image.
The black-tie evening begins at 7 with cocktails, with dinner at 8 and the
ceremony. Tickets, $1,250, from (212) 245-6570.

College Fund Scholarships

THURSDAY -- A black-tie dinner at the Sheraton New York will raise money for the
scholarships supported by the United Negro College Fund. Robert L. Johnson, the
founder and chief executive of Black Entertainment Television, and Douglas N.
Daft, the chairman and chief executive of the Coca-Cola Company, will be
honored. The evening begins at 6 with cocktails, with dinner at 7. Tickets,
$1,000, from (212) 838-2660.

Starlight for Sick Children

THURSDAY -- A dinner at the New York Marriott Marquis will raise money for the
Starlight Children's Foundation of New York, New Jersey and Connecticut. The
organization provides outpatient activities and entertainment to seriously ill
children in hospitals. Cocktails at 6. Tickets, $600, from (212) 354-2878.

Wines and Trips to Vineyards

THURSDAY -- A Sotheby's auction of wines, dinners at New York restaurants,
weekend trips to vineyards in Siena, Italy, and the Bordeaux and Burgundy
regions of France, and other lots will raise money for Cancer Care. Cocktails,
Champagne and a silent auction at 6:30 will be followed by the live auction at
7:45 and dinner at 8:30. Tickets, $250, or $150 for those 35 and under, from
(212) 712-8323.

For a Special Center

SATURDAY -- The Staten Island Mental Health Society will benefit from a black
-tie dinner dance at the Hilton Garden Inn. Proceeds go to modernize the
Elizabeth W. Pouch Center for Special People on Staten Island, which provides
services to the developmentally disabled. The event begins at 7 with cocktails,
with dinner at 8 and dancing. Tickets, $175, from (718) 442-2225, ext. 215.

Children's Delight at Plaza

NEXT SUNDAY -- An afternoon at the Plaza for children will feature carnival
games, a virtual roller coaster, a sculptor who works with candy and other
attractions, and will aid pediatric programs at Lenox Hill Hospital. The event
begins at 12:30. Tickets, $100 (free for children under 1 year), from (212)
434-2544.

A Fashion Show

MARCH 11 -- Fashion designs by students at the Parsons School of Design and the
Fashion Institute of Technology will be among those shown at the presentation of
the Michael Awards at the Manhattan Center, 311 West 34th Street (Eighth
Avenue). The event will help the National Children's Leukemia Foundation. Pat
O'Brien, the former CBS sportscaster, and Jill Stuart, the designer, will be
among those honored. The black-tie evening begins at 6 with cocktails, with
dinner at 7 and the show at 8. Tickets, $1,000, or $75 for the show alone, from
(212) 686-2722.

A Broadway Frolic

MARCH 11 -- Ben Vereen will perform at a black-tie dinner at the Plaza to aid
the high-school outreach programs of the National Actors Theater. Walter
Cronkite and Harold McGraw III will be honored. The evening begins at 6:30 with
cocktails, with dinner at 7:30 and the show. Tickets, $1,000, from (212)
997-0100.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              869 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 29, 1993, Monday, FINAL EDITION

GETTING RID OF SPARE CHANGE

BYLINE: Chris Wloszczyna; John Waggoner

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 849 words


I have about 30 pounds of loose silver dimes. How can I best market them? - Jean
Gamble, Rochester, N.Y.

Most dealers of precious metals or coins will buy them. But don't expect a
fortune. Dimes minted before 1965 are 90% silver. Those minted after that are a
copper-nickel alloy. Rolls of 50 silver dimes sell for $ 12.50 to $ 15 - about
the price of scrap silver, says Alan Herbert, editor of Coins magazine. Don't be
hasty, either. A few may have value, depending on the number minted for that
date and mint. A 1916 Mercury dime minted in Denver, for example, is worth $
390. A plain 1921 dime fetches $ 19.50, but a D series climbs to $ 30. Coins,
available at most newsstands, carries current prices. For a free copy, write:
Krause Publications, Department U, 700 E. State St., Iola, Wis., 54990-0001.

VALUABLE GERSHWIN LETTER

I have a typed letter signed by George Gershwin, in which he describes the
important factors when he composed music. What would this letter be worth? -
J.D. Starr, Metairie, La.

You won't sing the blues on this one. The letter could be worth as much as $
4,500 retail, says George Sanders, co-author of the Sanders Price Guide to
Autographs (Wallace-Homestead Books). The average price of similar documents
recently sold is $ 2,100. The letter you have is more valuable because of its
contents: Gershwin telling you about how he composed music. Letters from the
composer are highly sought, Sanders says, because Gershwin was not known as a
regular letter writer. Gershwin, who died in 1937, left a rich tradition of
thoroughly American music, ranging from the folk opera Porgy and Bess to An
American in Paris and Rhapsody in Blue. His big tunes include I Got Rhythm and
'S Wonderful.

RULE COVERS IRA INHERITANCE

I inherited an individual retirement account when my sister died. I'm 47, she
was 44. My sister hadn't withdrawn any money from the IRA. How is the money paid
out and what are the tax consequences? - - Roger Scott, Oak Park, Ill.

You can't put the money from your late sister's IRA into your own IRA. Such a
rollover is allowed only when you inherit an IRA from a spouse. Tax laws say you
must withdraw the IRA's sum without penalty by Dec. 31 of the fifth year after
her death. You will be taxed on distributions in the year or years you take
them. What's taxed is the difference between the IRA's value and your sister's
nondeductible contributions. Your sister's tax returns will help determine if
her contributions were nondeductible. For more information, call the Internal
Revenue Service at 1-800-829-3676 and ask for Publication 590 Individual
Retirement Arrangements.

COLLECTING BLACK HISTORY

I'm interested in African-American artifacts. How can I contact other people
with similar interests? - Donald Rife, New Smyrna Beach, Fla.

Contact the Black Memorabilia Collector's Association, 2482 Devoe Terrace,
Bronx, N.Y. 10468. Sharon Hart is editor of the group's newsletter Collecting
Our Culture. Annual membership is $ 35 and includes a quarterly newsletter.
You'll also get discounts on reference books dealing with African-American
memorabilia and listings of businesses that sell artifacts and collectibles.

CHANGING TAX RATES

What are the 1993 federal income tax rates? - Susan Dawkins, Atlanta

The Clinton budget plan, signed into law last summer, changed the tax rates
retroactive to Jan. 1.  Before the change, there were three rates: 15%, 28% and
31%. The Clinton plan added a fourth: 36%. It applies only to taxable income
above $ 115,000 for singles and $ 140,000 for couples. In addition, wealthy
taxpayers have to pay a 10% surtax on the tax they pay on taxable income above $
250,000. That makes their top effective tax rate 39.6%. The higher rates affect
only 1% of taxpayers. Keep in mind that tax rates are applied only to taxable
income - not gross income. Taxable income is usually much lower than gross
income because it's what's left after deductions for such things as state taxes,
real-estate and personal-property taxes, mortgage interest and personal
exemptions.

1993 tax rates

This year there are four income tax rates plus a surcharge rate. Single

Tax rate
$ 0 to $ 22,100            15%
$ 22,101 to $ 54,500       28%
$ 54,501 to $ 115,000      31%
$ 115,001 to $ 250,000     36%
Over $ 250,000            39.6%(1)

Married filing jointly
$ 0 to $ 36,900            15%
$ 36,901 to $ 89,150       28%
$ 89,151 to $ 140,000      31%
$ 140,001 to $ 250,000     36%
Over $ 250,000            39.6%(1)

1 - includes effect of 10% surcharge on tax on taxable income above $ 250,000
Source: USA TODAY research

TAKING A SHORTCUT

Do I have to file the long 1040 tax form to get my individual retirement account
deduction? - Robert Hodum, Memphis

You can't file Form 1040EZ, the simplest tax return. But you may be able to use
the relatively short Form 1040A, if you didn't earn more than $ 50,000 this
year. But you can't use 1040A if you itemize deductions.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w

TYPE: Ask Money

ANSWERS TO READERS' QUESTIONS ABOUT MONEY

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              870 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 23, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

For Newton, Florida Football Is a Question of Breeding; Cowboys' Guard Speaks
Openly

Dave Sell, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 829 words

DATELINE: PHOENIX, Jan. 22


Dallas Cowboys guard Nate Newton's favorite color is green -- not black or white
-- and among his favorite activities is talking. Those two things should be kept
in mind when reading the answer to what started out as an innocuous question
about the preponderance of players from Newton's home state of Florida in the
Super Bowl.

"First of all, a man got fired for what I'm going to say," Newton said at a news
conference tonight at the Cowboys' hotel. "His name is Jimmy 'The Greek.' Down
south, they were breeding all those brothers and sisters, they were breeding the
best to the best. In the Deep South, we couldn't go nowhere. People up in
Georgia, they could run up north very easily. We had to go through a whole lot
of states to get up there, so we decided to stay in Florida. Now all the best
athletes get down there. I hope I don't get fired and lose my job, but that's
how it is."

Jimmy "The Greek" Snyder was fired by CBS nearly 10 years ago for what many
considered racially derogatory statements about African-Americans. Newton, one
of eight Cowboys who played at Florida colleges, was turning that idea around.
And when he was asked if he was joking or if he was serious, he said, "I'm dead
serious. I hope I don't get fired or anybody hates me or the NAACP writes me a
letter saying I shouldn't say that. But our people put the best on the best."

Asked how he felt about what Snyder said, Newton said: "It didn't bother me.
What you've got to understand about Nate Newton is that I'm all about God,
family and security. I don't care whether I get my money from a black man, white
man, Puerto Rican or Japanese. Give me the money and I'll deal with the rest of
the problems later."

Newton is among the more outspoken Cowboys and he is one of the few to have
played under all three Cowboys head coaches -- Tom Landry, Jimmy Johnson and
Barry Switzer.

Newton thought loquaciousness was discouraged in the Landry era.

"The mystique around him and the coaches around him dictated that you be that
way," Newton said. "When Coach Johnson came in he told us his only job was to
make this team a winner. He took people from around the league that people said
they were a distraction, they did this, they did that and he turned it into a
winner. That's where we get our bad boy image."

Switzer is amazingly positive, Newton said.

"The thing about it, man, when things were going bad, things not going the way
they should be, he's always positive," Newton said. "We lost the Washington game
the first time, he was positive. We lost the Washington game the second time.
Everybody was mad, upset, wondering what was wrong. He came in and was positive.
We lost the second Philadelphia game and he was positive. I looked at him once
and said, 'How can you be so positive? How can you see some good when we're not
playing as good as we should be or we're beating ourselves on silly mistakes?'
He just finds a way to make everybody feel good and want to come back to
practice the next week and try to be the best they can be."

When Johnson left after a fight with owner Jerry Jones, Jones suggested any one
of 500 coaches could guide the Cowboys to the Super Bowl because the talent was
so great. Newton joked with Switzer about that the other day, asking whether
Switzer was in the 490 range.

"I used to kid around with Coach Johnson," Newton said. "The only thing I didn't
do with Coach Johnson that I do with Coach Switzer is I don't hug Coach Johnson
as much as I do Coach Switzer. I'll put my arm around Coach Switzer quicker than
I will Coach Johnson. Coach Johnson had his own focus and you've got to respect
each man for his focus and his focus is a little different than Coach Switzer's
focus. Coach Switzer walks around with a mean look on his face and you ask him
if he's all right. He says, 'Yeah, I'm all right, I'm just thinking about the
game.' Coach Johnson walks around with a mean look on his face and you don't
even care to ask him."

Meanwhile, defensive end Charles Haley, who's been known to walk around with a
mean look on his face, did not practice. But his surgically repaired back was
not the reason. Haley had a 101-degree temperature and was receiving intravenous
treatment for the viral infection.

"We've got to find out what he can do," Switzer said. "I'm hoping he'll be able
to practice Wednesday. Right now, I can't rule him out."

Jones has raised an objection to Pittsburgh Steelers quarterback-wide receiver
Kordell Stewart's continued use of a speaker in his helmet. All quarterbacks
have the speaker, which enables them to hear the play called by the coach on the
sideline. But more often than not, Stewart is in the game with regular
quarterback Neil O'Donnell.

"There is an advantage and he will continue to enjoy that advantage," said
Jones, who is a member of the competition committee and said such a scenario was
never intended by the founding fathers of the coach-quarterback radio system.


LOAD-DATE: January 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, ap, Nate Newton: "I don't care whether I get my money from a
black man, white man . . . Give me the money and I'll deal with the rest of the
problems later."

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              871 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                January 27, 1997

AMERICAN NOTEBOOK: COLOUR OF MONEY ON WALL STREET

BYLINE: Mark Tran

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN CITY PAGE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1400 words


JESSE Jackson, the civil rights leader, is taking on Wall Street and corporate
America after humbling the oil group Texaco, which recently agreed to settle a
racial discrimination suit out of court for a record $ 176 million ( pounds 108
million).

Warming to his gadfly role, Mr Jackson is planning to open an office on Wall
Street that would seek to cajole and persuade American companies to hire and
promote more blacks and members of other ethnic minorities - to "open up the
walls on Wall Street", as Mr Jackson said recently. Another maverick, the
property tycoon Donald Trump, said that he would donate office space to Mr
Jackson's civil rights group, the Rainbow/Push Coalition.

The high-profile, symbolic move brings Mr Jackson into one of the last bastions
of the white old boys' network, the securities sector.  Black men and women
represent only 4.8 per cent of officials and managers, and 6.6 per cent of
professionals in the securities brokers and dealers of New York, according to
the Equal Employment Opportunities Commission.  The EEOC is careful to point
out, however, that Wall Street is no worse in this respect than most other
professional organisations.

Wall Street firms are understandably touchy on the subject of race. Goldman
Sachs, Merrill Lynch and Smith Barney do not like to reveal the number of
managing directors who happen to be minority members, saying that such
statistics mean little.  Merrill Lynch, the biggest firm on Wall Street, is said
to have only five black managing directors, and only three of Morgan Stanley's
252 managing directors are black.

ASENIOR personnel official at one of the top Wall Street firms maintains that
the securities houses are always on the look-out for black business graduates
from Ivy League schools such as Harvard and Yale.

The common joke on Wall Street is that an African-American graduating in the top
half of an MBA class could walk into any bulge-bracket firm, one of the top six
securities firms in New York. Wall Street companies also point out that they
have hired plenty of Asians, particularly Indians, who have an aptitude for
maths and computer skills - highly prized in derivatives trading.

But the bulge-bracket firms concede that they have confined themselves to too
narrow a pipeline, one that basically runs from New York's Upper East Side to
the posh schools and then to Harvard, Yale or Princeton. Belatedly, firms such
as Salomon are now beginning to look further afield, to universities on the West
Coast, such as UCLA.

The EEOC hesitates to accuse Wall Street of out-and-out racism, for good reason.
There is a distinction between an old boys' network, where people employ others
from a similar background, and a deliberate attempt to keep out particular
groups. The few blacks who have penetrated the inner sanctums of Wall Street
also stress that securities firms are interested only in making money, and will
hire anyone who can add to the bottom line.

Buddy Fletcher, the African-American chairman of Fletcher Asset Management and
one of the most successful traders on the New York Stock Exchange, argues that
capitalism is fundamentally hostile to prejudice and unfair play. He says he
only wants the best and brightest for his company and does not care about
colour, sex or anything else. Another African-American who climbed the heights
of Wall Street was Joseph Jett, Kidder Peabody's only black managing director
until he was fired in 1994 for allegedly conjuring up $ 350 million in phantom
profits while head of government bond-trading at the company.

THE National Association of Securities Dealers in December threw out the Kidder
accusations and ordered the firm to release $ 1 million of compensation to Mr
Jett that was tied up with the firm. Mr Jett is sceptical of Jessie Jackson's
initiative, and argues that the only way to break down Wall Street's barriers is
to show ability. Yet, when he was dismissed by Kidder, Mr Jett accused his
employer of racism, and when Mr Fletcher fell out with Kidder over a bonus
dispute, he tried unsuccesfully to sue Kidder for racial discrimination. It is
difficult to escape the sense of Mr Fletcher and Mr Jett wanting it both ways.

Tony Chapelle, who publishes Securities Pro, a newsletter that follows African
-Americans in the securities industry, believes that blacks can help break down
the barriers on Wall Street by ferreting out information on the pool of black
money that is being invested. Once Wall Street firms realise that there is such
a market, he contends, they will appoint African-American retail brokers to go
after this pool of black money.

For Mr Chapelle, the issue is not so much one of appointing black managing
directors as of developing a black retail-investment market that will build
pressure from below. He also believes that more black companies should tap into
the capital markets and that there are too many small, technologically
underpowered black securities firms that need to merge in order to become
financially viable.

Mr Chapelle thoroughly approves of Mr Jackson's guerrilla tactics on Wall Street
and argues that affirmative action has proved itself in the securities industry
as far as women are concerned. Where women have been promoted to senior jobs, he
says, few raise the question of whether they are qualified for the posts.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              872 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                              July 23, 2010 Friday
                                 First Edition

How Black rode the slipstream to freedom;
JOIN THE DEBATE

BYLINE: RICHARD ACKLAND

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Opinion; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 723 words


Many journalists remember Conrad Black as a fair and decent proprietor of this
paper in the early 1990s. That is not to ignore his pomposity, pretentiousness
and greed that grew more absurd and comical as his success steadily increased.
In 2007, Lord Black of Crossharbour was sentenced to 6Â½ years in prison for
defrauding shareholders in his Hollinger newspaper group. A Chicago jury found
he was responsible for siphoning about $US6 million through bogus non-compete
contracts from the public company. After serving 2Â½ years in a minimum security
prison in Florida, Black is out on bail and is unlikely to go back in.

Talk about one law for the ermine-clad and another for those who do their
robbery with crowbars and a bit of gelly. In 2000, when Hollinger was offloading
hundreds of small-town newspapers in North America, Black and his cronies made
sure there was a clause in the contracts saying payments should be made in
exchange for a pledge not to go back into the region and compete. In most cases,
competition would have been impossible in any event, because the market would
have been too small. Usually the non-compete money was snipped from the proceeds
passed up the line from Hollinger Inc to Hollinger International. The sham
"non-compete" clauses served to funnel money to Black and his inner sanctum. The
jury heard from the prosecutor that a lot more than $US6 million was bilked by
Black and three co-defendants - the total was $US60 million. The Hollinger
International board contained some dark characters, including Richard Perle, a
Bush-era neocon and architect of the Iraq "policy", Henry Kissinger and Alfred
Taubman, who owned Sotheby's and did time in 2002 for running a price-fixing
scam in the art market. The board didn't seem to notice or wasn't bothered that
the shareholders were being diddled. Money was pouring out of the company to
help fund Black's extensive and expensive collection of homes, cars and
over-gilded decorative bric-a-brac. His money-munching wife, Barbara Amiel, a
newspaper polemicist and provocateur, proudly declared: "I have an extravagance
that knows no bounds." One person did notice this "corporate pickpocketing" -
Laura Jereski, a former reporter with The Wall Street Journal, who was subjected
to alternate helpings of Black's bullying and charm. So how come Black the thief
is out of the nick way ahead of time? Because of another white-collar crook,
Jeffrey Skilling, the former president of Enron doing a stretch for insider
trading, fraud, conspiracy and making false statements. Skilling's appeal wound
its way to the US Supreme Court, which found against him on most grounds, except
one - the offence of "honest services fraud". This criminal provision has an
interesting history. In vanilla-type fraud, the victim's money supplies the
defendant's gain. The charge of honest services fraud aimed to catch offences
lacking this attractive symmetry, such as where a third party had provided the
enrichment. This seemed to apply to both Skilling and Black. After all, Black
hadn't defrauded the newspaper purchasers but Hollinger, which should have
benefited from the non-compete contracts, dubious though they were. Actionable
harm lay in the denial of Hollinger's right to expect "honest services" from
Black. By the late 1980s, all US appeal courts had embraced the honest services
theory of fraud. In 1987, the Supreme Court limited the offence, saying: "If
Congress desires to go further, it should speak more clearly." In 1988, Congress
passed a widely encompassing statute that said a "scheme or artifice to defraud
includes a scheme to deprive another of the intangible right of honest
services". When Skilling's case came before the Supreme Court this year the
justices had no trouble finding Congress was still too broad and confined the
offence to kickbacks and bribery. Siphoning funds (or undisclosed self-dealing)
magically fell outside the remit of the crime. Bravo to Skilling. Black rode his
slipstream to freedom. There will have to be another appeal hearing in light of
the Supreme Court's findings. Black was also convicted of obstruction of justice
by removing boxes of documents. That, too, may vanish if his clever and
expensive lawyers can show it was infected by his conviction for an offence that
no longer exists. justinian@lawpress.com.au

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2010 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              873 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                           February 3, 2007 Saturday
                                National Edition

Black adversary now has regrets: ' Embarrassment'

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP1

LENGTH: 757  words


As Conrad Black prepares to face a trial next month on criminal fraud and money
-laundering charges in Chicago, one person who stood publicly against him is
having second thoughts.

Ken McLaren, an investment advisor who helped lead the charge at the Ontario
Securities Commission in early 2005 to shut down Lord Black's attempt to
privatize Hollinger Inc., says he now feels "embarrassment more than anything"
and is unhappy the Hollinger Inc. shares he owns have sunk to $1 apiece from the
$7.60 Lord Black was offering.

"It's kind of a dismal story in terms of the public shareholders of [Hollinger]
Inc.," Mr. McLaren said in a telephone interview from his office at Blackmont
Capital Inc. in Vancouver.

Blocking the privatization "seemed like a good idea at the time," said Mr.
McLaren, whose firm was called First Associates in 2005. But "everything since
then has been bad."

In the nearly two years that have passed, Mr. McLaren and his one-time
adversary, Lord Black, have come to agree on a surprising number of matters
related to Hollinger Inc.

"It's a tragedy," Lord Black said yesterday of the diminished share price and
the millions of dollars spent on legal and professional fees unrelated to the
company's operations.

Mr. McLaren said the value of his shares in Hollinger Inc. dwindled to "pocket
change" after the privatization plan died because the interests of Canadian
shareholders have taken a back seat to a crusading regulator and prosecutors in
the United States.

The pursuit of Lord Black provided a "marquee" case to Patrick Fitzgerald, the
U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois, who has charged Lord Black
with fraud, racketeering, money-laundering and obstruction of justice, he added.

"The U.S. prosecutor has taken over the agenda here ? All it's done [for
Canadian shareholders] is further dissipate any assets we might claim," Mr. Mc-
Laren said.

Civil suits, including a $700- million lawsuit filed by Hollinger Inc. against
its Chicago subsidiary, are on hold until the criminal trial and any appeals are
over. In addition, the U.S. prosecutor is seeking tens of millions of dollars in
restitution and "forfeiture" from Lord Black and his codefendants.

---------

Black

"It's frustrating to sit from where I sit and watch this happening," said Mr.
McLaren. "If this had been anything other than a Conrad Black story, [it]
would've been over."

Lord Black's attempt to privatize Toronto-based Hollinger Inc. in March of 2005
took place against a backdrop of a criminal investigation in the U.S. for
alleged self-dealing by Lord Black and associates that diverted money to them
from the Hollinger newspaper publishing chain.

Richard Breeden, the former chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission who advised internal investigators at Chicago-based Hollinger
International Inc., flew to Toronto to speak to OSC officials about Lord Black
in the weeks before Canada's top regulator ruled on the proposed privatization.

Hollinger International had already filed a multi-million dollar civil lawsuit
against Lord Black and the other former executives.

Mr. Breeden and others who opposed the privatization said Lord Black's
$7.60-a-share offer to buy the 22% of Hollinger Inc. his private company
Ravelston Corp. did not own was simply an attempt to regain control of the
newspaper empire including subsidiary Hollinger International and extricate
himself from the self-dealing controversy.

The privatization bid was shut down by the OSC in March of 2005 by the
regulator's refusal to lift cease-trade orders for insiders.

At the time, Ravelston Corp. issued a statement saying the OSC had acted against
the wishes of the regulator's own staff and "the clear majority" of public
shareholders.

"It was a shameful thing," Lord Black said yesterday. "And they did it because
Breeden told them to. They just rolled over like poodles."

Last month, Lord Black complained in court documents that some $250-million has
been spent by his former companies on professional fees for probes into his
conduct. An investigation at Hollinger Inc., which an insider acknowledged
recently has stalled with little conclusion, cost more than $20-million.

"They've ? paid almost the entire [market] capitalization of the company. And
what have they discovered?" said Lord Black.

"I'm with him," said Mr. McLaren, who estimates the "burn rate" at Hollinger is
about $1- million a month in interest payments and fees to professionals.

"Unless this thing gets settled soon, there won't be anything left to fight
over."

bshecter@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White Photo : John Gress, Reuters File Photo; Conrad Black:
"They've?paid almost the entire [market] capitalization of the company. And what
have they discovered?" ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                          September 11, 1993, Saturday

'Best buys' for college lists 6 in Ga.

BYLINE: By Robert J. Vickers STAFF WRITER

SECTION: STATE NEWS; Section C; Page 1

LENGTH: 424 words


Six Georgia colleges rank among this year's Money magazine best buys in higher
education and three of these schools are in the top 21.

Georgia Tech led the pack of state colleges by ranking 15th nationally, slipping
from its seventh position last year.

The 1994 special issue hits the newsstands Monday. The magazine determines "best
buys" by weighing tuition against factors such as the ratio of graduates who
later earn doctorates, faculty-student ratio, library resources and
instructional budget.

Next among Georgia colleges in the top 100 is Spelman, which rose to 17th
nationally from last year's 28th ranking. The University of Georgia landed as
the 21st best buy, improving from 31st in 1992.

Berry College, in Rome, rose 10 slots to 57th; Agnes Scott College improved to
65th from last years' 80th ranking; and Weslyan College in Macon cracked the
list at 96.

Among state schools, Tech and Georgia ranked eighth and 20th respectively. Money
also featured UGA's honors program as one of the eight best deals in public
education. Tech was also ranked as the second best buy among scientific and
technical schools, behind the California Institute of Technology.

"They all get mileage out of this," said Charles Bedford, executive director of
the University Center, a private consortium of 18 colleges in the Atlanta-Athens
area. "It's terrific publicity for the institutions and for the state . . . that
we have institutions that are looked upon nationally as being of this caliber."

NOT Chart: Top 10 'best buys'

Which colleges give you the most for your money? Here are Money Magazine's
choices.

IN THE U.S.

1. New College in Sarasota, Fla.

2. Rice University

3. Rutgers University

4. Trenton State College

5. California Institute of Technology

6. University of Illinois

7. University of North Carolina

8. Northeast Missouri State University

9. State University of New York at Binghamton

10. Hanover College (Ind).

IN THE SOUTHEAST

1. New College

2. University of North Carolina

3. Georgia Tech

4. Spelman College

5. University of Georgia

6. Fisk University

7. University of Kentucky

8. Auburn University

9. University of Florida

10. Samford University

WOMEN'S COLLEGES

1. Douglass

2. Spelman

3. Agnes Scott

4. Notre Dame of Maryland

5. Rosemont

6. Wells

7. Chestnut Hill

8. Wesleyan

9. Salem College

10. Wellesley

Among historically black colleges, Spelman ranked first, followed by Fisk,
Howard University, Tuskegee University, Xavier University of Louisiana and
Morehouse College.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH932570185

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              875 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   News & Observer (Raleigh, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune News Service

                            July 12, 2006 Wednesday

Senate joins House on ethics: Bills curtail uses of campaign funds

BYLINE: Dan Kane, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


Jul. 12--RALEIGH -- State lawmakers are close to putting an end to the use of
campaign funds for cars, travel and other personal expenses. The state Senate on
Tuesday joined with the House in approving a ban on such expenditures.

The Senate unanimously supported the ban, but it now has to go back to the House
for approval. The Senate's bill extends the ban on personal use to the heirs of
an elected official who dies in office. The money would instead go to a charity
or campaign committee designated by the elected official, or to the state
escheats fund if no such designation was given.

The ban is one of several ethics, campaign finance and lobbying reforms that
have been proposed this year in the wake of controversies surrounding House
Speaker Jim Black's legislative and campaign activities. Lawmakers began calling
for a ban after former Rep. Michael Decker's campaign finance reports showed he
had spent campaign money on a vehicle and on travel to Florida to pick it up.

Decker received much of that campaign money after he switched parties in early
2003 and helped Black, a Mecklenburg County Democrat, remain speaker in a
power-sharing agreement with Republican Richard Morgan of Moore County. Decker
lost re-election in 2004, and before he closed out his campaign he pocketed a
$4,000 contribution from Black, campaign reports show.

A review by The News & Observer in December found that other lawmakers had
cashed out their campaign funds after they left office. A majority of states
prohibit the personal use of campaign money.

If the ban becomes law, candidates for office in North Carolina could give their
unspent campaign money to charity, other candidates or to political parties.
They also could use the money to cover any election law penalties.

The Senate also approved legislation on Tuesday that prohibits campaign checks
that have the payee line blank, requires contributions of more than $50 to be
reported and requires campaign treasurers to receive state training on how to
keep track of campaign donations and expenses. It now goes to the House, which
has passed similar legislation.

Two other areas of reform -- lobbying and ethics -- are moving more slowly
through the legislature. A bill that would prevent lobbyists from giving
substantial gifts to state lawmakers and top state officials was pulled from the
House floor Tuesday after Black said it might be merged with a Senate bill that
also incorporated ethics reforms.

The House had tentatively approved the bill Thursday, but Rep. John Blust, a
Greensboro Republican, had sought to amend the bill on the required second House
vote to prohibit lobbyists from raising campaign money in state elections.
Black, Senate leader Marc Basnight, the N.C. Professional Lobbyists Association
and the N.C. Coalition for Lobbying Reform say they support the fundraising ban.
But Basnight, a Democrat, said Tuesday that some lawmakers are uncomfortable
with losing a major source of campaign cash while issue-oriented political
groups known as "527s" are spending increasing sums in campaigns.

Coalition members also were disappointed to see a new ethics bill emerge in a
Senate judiciary committee Tuesday that lets lawmakers continue to police
themselves. It would create a state ethics commission that could receive
complaints regarding lawmakers but would refer them only to a legislative ethics
commission for investigation.

Copyright (c) 2006, The News & Observer, Raleigh, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Business News. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060712-RA-0712-Senate-joins-House-on-ethics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RA


                         Copyright 2006 News & Observer


                              876 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             May 8, 2013 Wednesday

The Root: Don't judge Kobe's family money drama

BYLINE: By Keli Goff, The Root

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 793 words


There's a lot not to like about Kobe Bryant. For one, no matter what he does, he
manages to come across as smug and arrogant, something that has been a complaint
of fellow players and fans alike.

Then there's the small detail of being accused of rape. Those charges were
eventually dropped, but he ended up having to plead guilty to an unofficial
crime (in the eyes of some) of cheating on his wife, which some members of the
public treat as even more unforgivable. But now people seem to have found
another reason to pile on Bryant, and I find myself in a position I never
thought I would: defending him.

Bryant recently had his lawyers intervene to prevent his mother from auctioning
off belongings from his early days as a young player. It didn't take long before
the rumor mill was abuzz that this dispute is not really over his memorabilia.

It never is.

According to reports, the real dispute allegedly stems from the younger's
willingness to provide a house for his mother, but not a house as expensive as
the one she expressed interest in. Further complicating matters, allegedly, is
that his in-laws, who are Latino, are said to be enjoying more luxurious
accommodations.

Now, I don't know Bryant or his mother, so I don't know how true any of this is.
What I do know is that he is being pilloried online by black Americans based
purely on these rumors. A headline on one site with a predominantly black
audience read, "Shady Kobe Bryant Keeps His Parents Living the Struggle While He
and His Mexican In-Laws Ball Outrageous!"

Yet what seems to have gotten lost amid all this speculation (besides the
obvious, which is that it's not really any of our business) is that it's his
money. He earned it, and he should be able to give it or not to whomever he
pleases, however much he pleases.

So why am I sticking my nose in this when I just said it's none of our business?
Because the Bryant family saga is a high-profile symbol of a chronic illness
that is crippling our community: Black Americans from all walks of life are
struggling to set healthy financial boundaries with relatives. It's one of the
reasons we see so many black athletes and entertainers go broke, but they are
not the only ones who need these boundaries.

Many black Americans "make it" and believe that everyone they grew up with needs
to enjoy the good life with them.

Then, when an athlete ends up broke at the end of his career, we judge him and
ask, "Where did all of his money go?" Well, probably to buying various friends
and family members a bunch of houses they didn't need and he couldn't afford.

This is not an issue that is specific to the black community, but we certainly
seem to struggle with it more. From Allen Iverson to Antoine Walker and the many
athletes of color featured in the ESPN documentary 30 for 30, black Americans
who acquire wealth, particularly in sports or entertainment, struggle to ensure
that it lasts past the days of their peak professional glory. According to
Sports Illustrated:

By the time they have been retired for two years, 78 percent of former NFL
players have gone bankrupt or are under financial stress because of joblessness
or divorce.

Within five years of retirement, an estimated 60 percent of former NBA players
are broke.

The article goes on to explain that friends and family members either offering
ill-advised financial advice or requesting handouts are among the biggest
culprits behind athletes' shrinking bank accounts.

Athletes, of course, are not alone. The Jackson family has remained entangled in
ongoing legal battles since the death of the family's star, Michael Jackson.
According to a lengthy article in Vanity Fair, the superstar was supporting many
of his adult siblings and their children.

Yet despite hearing these stories over and over again and seeing the collateral
damage, many in our community continue to assume that there is only one
appropriate response when a family member comes with his or her hand out: Yes.

But it's not. Sometimes you have to say no. Furthermore, if you earned your
money, you have a right to say no. Maybe if more of us followed Bryant's lead in
setting financial boundaries with the people we love, the racial wealth gap in
our country might not be quite so large.

Don't get me wrong. I'd love to see Bryant privately resolve his family discord,
because it's sad for all involved. I'd also love to see him give half his wealth
to the United Negro College Fund or a comparable charity to help lift our
community right alongside him. Who knows? Maybe he already has, or plans to.

But most of all I'd love to see him set a positive example by not becoming yet
another sad, broke athlete statistic. Setting boundaries with those closest to
him is the easiest way to do that. So I say, good for him.

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Los Angeles Lakers guard Kobe Bryant watches his team play the San
Antonio Spurs in the second half in Game 4 of a first-round NBA playoff series,
April 28, 2013, in Los Angeles.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 16, 1995, Tuesday, Final Edition

Celebrating the Long Road to Excellence; 105 Black Students Will Be Honored
Today With More Than $3 Million in Scholarships

DeNeen L. Brown; Sari Horwitz, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 955 words


Her classmates teased her and told her she was "acting like a white girl," but
Colleena Wiseman wasn't fazed. She went about her studies, learning as much as
she could and making the best grades possible.

They had chosen a different road. She had chosen to excel.

"The students constantly tease me about how I try to articulate. They think of
it as trying to act white," said Wiseman, an 18-year-old senior at Potomac High
School in Oxon Hill, where she has a 3.83 grade-point average on a 4.0 scale. "I
say, 'Get out of my face. I'm the one with the scholarship. I'm going to go to
college, and I will do my best.' "

Tonight, Wiseman will be one of 105 students in the Washington area who have
excelled in the written and spoken word and who will receive more than $ 3
million in scholarships to universities and colleges across the country.

Columnist Carl T. Rowan established Project Excellence to reward black students
and help them counter peer pressure that said speaking well, writing well and
making good grades was against their culture.

Rowan started the program in 1987 after reading a newspaper story about black
students in the District who would not stand up to be recognized for making the
honor roll. He said he wanted to give black students support when their peers
called them "nerds" or told them they were "acting like whitey."

Project Excellence celebrates excellence, he said, not poverty or disadvantages.

"We never ask these young people, 'How poor are you?' or, 'How much money do
your parents make?' Anyone can say, 'We'll give you money if you're poor.' But
we want to say, 'We'll get you some money for college if you excel,' " Rowan
said. "That sends a tremendously different message to these young people."

The students are judged on grades, test scores, activities, oral presentations
and essays they write for the competition.

Kayce Ataiyero, a student at H.D. Woodson Senior High School in the District,
won a $ 60,000 scholarship funded by Washington Post Publisher Donald E. Graham
in memory of the late Herbert H. Denton Jr., a Post reporter and editor who
cared deeply about children.

Among other groups that donate money to Project Excellence are the Freedom
Forum, the Cafritz Foundation, Swidler & Berlin law firm, the Fannie Mae
Foundation, the Gannett Foundation and many colleges and universities.

This has been the biggest fund-raising year so far for Project Excellence,
scholarship officials said. Since 1987, Project Excellence has given more than $
9.2 million to 592 students.

Among students receiving scholarships tonight will be Tanisha Devonne Spears, a
17-year-old senior at Spingarn Senior High School in the District. She titled
her essay "Hardships Overcome"; it told the story of growing up with a mother
addicted to drugs and a father who "took the easy way out of his
responsibilities by saying I wasn't his child."

She wrote about moving constantly to escape drug dealers and about her toys,
clothes and food being sold for drug money. "Every day for six years my brother
and I got up, got dressed and walked up the hill to school," she wrote. "We were
often hungry, poorly clothed, but never broken in spirit."

Spears, who went to live with her grandmother when she was 10, said yesterday
that she was excited about winning a four-year scholarship to Ohio State
University.

"I came a long way despite many obstacles," said Spears, who wants to own her
own computer company someday. "I'm trying not to go in that direction, in the
direction I came from, an unstable childhood. I've seen what that was, and I
know I don't want to go that way. The only way I can go is forward."

Henry Culbreath wrote about his calling to help children, like himself, who have
been discouraged.

Culbreath, a student representative to the D.C. Board of Education, has a 3.3
grade-point average at McKinley/Penn Senior High School in Northeast Washington.
In his essay, he wrote that the city's violence prompted him "to hunt down and
confront the villains that never gave these unfortunate children a chance to
prosper, the ones that stereotyped them in the beginning because of their
environmental and financial circumstances, the ones that told them and myself as
well: 'You ain't nothin', and ain't never going to be nothin'. Ain't nobody in
your family got a college education, so what makes you think you would be the
first. You gonna end up like the others, Locked up or dead.' "

Monique Mozee, 18, a senior at West Springfield High School in Fairfax County,
included a poem about being a black woman in a violent world:

What is a sister without her black dress?

She's without pain and without duress.

Her children are healthy, sound and secured.

They will live beyond eighteen, of that she is assured.

She doesn't have barred doors or nightmares at night.

She doesn't wake with tears or uncertain fright.

Her poem, which she wrote in 30 minutes, was prompted by a conversation with a
friend.

"What she was poetically saying was that you could not be a black woman without
seeing a little death in your life," Mozee explained in her essay. "I felt so
angry by this notion, that I told her it was her ignorance that condemned us all
to these predictable losses. Then I realized that her characterization of
sisterhood was not only intuitive, but also realistic.

"It was then that I decided that I could change my realities. No one, not even
me, has to live in a vicious cycle," she said. "I refuse to be told that I
cannot soar with the eagles because my wings are shorter. . . . I am more than
just black. I am more than just female. I am a human being formed and molded by
something higher than all of us."


LOAD-DATE: May 16, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, Henry Culbreath says his calling is to help children who have
been discouraged.  "I am more than just black," Monique Mozee, 18, says in her
scholarship essay.  "The only way I can go is forward," says Tanisha Devonne
Spears, 17.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              878 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Salem News (Beverly, MA)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 30, 2015 Monday

Slain Beverly woman's family looks to raise money for her sons

BYLINE: Arianna Macneill, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


Nov. 30--BEVERLY -- In the wake of tragedy, a Beverly woman's family is looking
toward the future.

Edith "Edie" Black-Scherer, 45, died Nov. 21 due to injuries sustained from
being strangled. Her estranged husband, Axel Scherer, is charged with her
murder.

Black-Scherer's sons, Nick, 8, and Jack, 6, are staying with her sister, Heidi
Smyth, and her family. The Smyths have set out to raise $50,000 for the boys'
expenses through YouCaring, a crowd-funding website. As of around 3:30 p.m.
Monday, $19,600 was raised through 171 donations.

"Edie was just always happy," Smyth said of her sister. "She always had a smile
and a twinkle in her eyes and a wrinkle in her nose when she laughed."

Smyth said any money raised would be used for education or other expenses.

"The fund, basically, it would only be for the boys' benefit," Smyth said.

Smyth has two adult children of her own, she said, adding that it takes much
more than $50,000 for a four-year college degree.

"I'm kind of back to the beginning somewhat," she said. "The fund is to assist
them in whatever I think their needs will be. ... I can promise that nothing
would be frivolous."

Smyth said the boys have essentially lost both parents.

"The kids have lost everything," Smyth said. "My family of four is now a family
of six."

Smyth said her family intends to become the boys' permanent guardians.

While Smyth continues to think of her nephews' future, she also mourns the loss
of a sister she described as "brilliantly smart."

Black-Scherer held a bachelor's degree from Northeastern University and a
master's from Boston College, Smyth said. She devoted much of her professional
life to higher education before deciding to pursue writing full-time -- her
first novel, "The Price of Fame," was released last year under her pen name,
Edie Black. Black-Scherer was working on a second novel before she died.

Black-Scherer and her husband had been in the middle of divorce proceedings,
according to court records, but were considering reconciliation.

Scherer had been released from Lahey Behavioral Health with medications,
according to a search warrant, three days before he allegedly strangled Black
-Scherer. Two medications typically used to treat bipolar disorder were found in
Scherer's apartment, the warrant showed.

"Mental illness happens to everyone," Smyth said. "I'm just looking to put one
foot in front of the other and be an extension of my sister and raise the boys
the way I know she would want me to."

For those interested, the fund can be found on the YouCaring website under "For
the love of Edie."

Arianna MacNeill can be reached at 978-338-2527 or at amacneill@salemnews.com
Follow her on Twitter at @SN_AMacNeill.

___ (c)2015 The Salem News (Beverly, Mass.) Visit The Salem News (Beverly,
Mass.) at www.salemnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151130-ZS-Slain-Beverly-woman-s-family-looks-to-raise-money
-for-her-sons-1130-20151130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2015 The Salem News


                              879 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 25, 1993, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Fred B. Black, 80; Lobbyist Was Part Of 1960's Scandal

BYLINE: By BRUCE LAMBERT

SECTION: Section B; Page 7; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 259 words


Fred B. Black Jr., an aerospace lobbyist who became ensnared in a political
scandal in the early 1960's, died Friday at a nursing home in Wheaton, Md. He
was 80 and lived in Bethesda, Md.

He died of heart failure, his family said.

Mr. Black was widely known in Washington as a friend of politicians in his role
as a consultant for military contractors in the post-World War II arms and space
races.

His downfall stemmed from his secret partnership with Robert G. Baker in the
Serv-U Corporation, a vending machine business. Mr. Baker was Secretary of the
Senate and a longtime aide to Lyndon B. Johnson.

In 1963 a rival vending company's lawsuit against Serv-U disclosed the Baker-
Black partnership. That prompted a Senate investigation into Mr. Baker's
dealings with a lobbyist, and both men were also prosecuted on charges of income
tax evasion.

In 1964, Mr. Black was convicted of evading $91,000 in taxes and sentenced to up
to four years in prison. The conviction was later overturned, and Mr. Black was
acquitted in a second trial.

In 1982, he was prosecuted on charges involving a scheme to launder more than $1
million in Colombian cocaine money. He served seven years in prison.

Mr. Black was born in Webb City, Mo., and grew up in nearby Carterville. He went
to Washington as an acquaintance of Harry S. Truman, then a Senator from
Missouri.

His marriage to the former Nina Lunn ended in divorce. He is survived by a son,
Fred 3d, of Annandale, Va., and two daughters, Nina Black of Washington and Nola
Murphy of Bethesda.


NAME: Fred B. Black Jr.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Biography; Obituary (Obit)Obituary (Obit); Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              880 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            November 17, 2002 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Lack of money blocks path to college bg,mf

BYLINE: Cindi Brownfield Education Writer

SECTION: C; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 626  words

DATELINE: DAYTONA BEACH


Latorres Mosley had the brains for college, but not the money.

Even if he had found the funds, Mosley said, he lacked the information and
motivation. He had not taken all the right college- prep courses in high school,
and no one in his immediate family had ever gone to college.

"It seemed like such a big ob- stacle, and I just didn't know how to do it,"
said Mosley, 25, who spent four years in the U.S. Army and now attends Daytona
Beach Community College on the G.I. Bill.

Challenges like those Mosley faced in- itially are the top reasons black and
Hispan ic students continue to be under-represented among college students
nationwide and in Florida, experts say.

While there has been a steady increase in minority enrollment over the past
decade, black and Hispanic students still do not graduate from high school or go
to college as often as their white counterparts, studies show.

According to the Florida Department of Education, 59 percent of the students in
Florida's Class of 2001 are now in college. But only 51 percent of black
students went to college, and 57 percent of Hispanic students.

The trend holds true for Volusia County. Sixty percent of Volusia's 2001
graduates enrolled in college. But only 55 percent of black students went to
college, and 50 percent of Hispanics.

Data for Flagler is similar, but not as well-defined. In Flagler, 61 percent of
the Class of 2001 enrolled in college, compared to 60 percent of black students.

The district had only 14 Hispanic students in its graduating class that year,
but 78 percent of them enrolled in college.

A lack of money is the top reason black and Hispanic students do not attend
college at the same level as their white counter- parts, according to William B.
Harvey, vice president and director of the Office of Minorities in Higher
Education at the American Council on Education.

"When you look at any of the economic indicators, you find that African-American
families are substantially behind their white counterparts, and Hispanics are
behind as well," Harvey said.

With tuition costs soaring, students are forced to rely more and more on student
loans, he said.

Some young adults are lured away from college by jobs that provide quick cash,
while others are reluctant to go into debt for fear of financial difficulties,
Harvey said.

Studies also show high school graduates are less likely to go to college if
their parents did not, he said.

Mosley thinks that was true in his own case.

"If somebody hasn't been there, how are they going to push you to that place?"
he asked.

Like those of many of his peers, Mosley's family was unable to help him pay for
college. He believes the parents in the Miami neighborhood where he grew up
didn't encourage their children to go to college because of the cost.

"They're just trying to survive," Mosley said.

For that to change, Mosley believes, minority students will have to be given
more information about preparing for college, applying for college and securing
financial aid.

Luckily for him, an aunt helped direct him toward the military, where he said he
ma tured and became more disciplined and earned money toward college through the
G.I. Bill. He still had to take some loans, and he works as a tutor 20 hours a
week in DBCC's Learning Center, but Mosley will graduate with his associate of
arts degree next month. After that, he plans to transfer to the University of
Central Florida and, ultimately, attend law school.

Despite the obstacles, Mosley said, college was his destiny. And nothing can
stop a person from accomplishing something if he or she really wants it.

"You have to find out what you want to do and just do it. Don't let anybody stop
you," he said. "I'm just looking forward to doing some great things."

cindi.brownfield@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Caption: Latorres Mosley, head tutor and a psychology major at Daytona Beach
Community College, talks to students at the tutoring center Friday in Daytona
Beach. Mosley, who is attending college on the G.I. Bill, believes minority
students need more information about preparing for college, applying for college
and securing financial aid. News-Journal/CHAD PILSTER

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2002 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2002 News-Journal Corporation


                              881 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           February 20, 1993 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BLACK LEGISLATORS LOBBY FOR MINORITY NEEDS

BYLINE: By AMY DRISCOLL, Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 20A

LENGTH: 286 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


With a stomach full of chicken and greens and an earful of concerns from

the House Black Caucus, Speaker Bolley "Bo" Johnson said Friday he will put

more money in the budget for black educational needs.

Johnson, D-Milton, met with a dozen or so members of the caucus over

lunch to get their reading on the Legislature after the third week of the

session.

What he found was a less-than-pleased group of lawmakers. They listed

more than 20 areas where legislation is lacking for minorities, with

educational opportunities topping the concerns.

For instance, minority scholarship money is most often awarded to whites, said
Rep. Cynthia Chestnut, D-Gainesville.

"We need to send a message. We want a review of this," she said. "This

is appalling."

She cited statistics showing teaching scholarships for minorities have

been awarded to white students almost 6 to 1. She also said the state has not
appointed a black president of one of the 28 community colleges since 1966.

"That demonstrates that there is a tremendous inequity," said Black

Caucus leader Al Lawson, D-Tallahassee.

Johnson, who said he would ' ' flag that one as a priority," also said he would
consider a plan to establish a black-on-black crime prevention pilot

program in Palm Beach and Broward counties.

The program, started by the Urban League of Pinellas County, could be

expanded to West Palm Beach for as little as $63,000, the group told Johnson.
The program would help increase awareness of black-on-black crime using a

network of church groups, community leaders and local officials.

"Young black men are the endangered species in our own communities,"

said Rep. Lesley Miller, D-Tampa. "We can't do enough to keep them on track

and out of the criminal justice system."

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Legislature 1993 / Ran all editons

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   April 24, 1990, TUESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TROUPE: MAKE BARNETT AN OFFER OR ELSE UNIVERSITY WARNED IT MUST FIGHT TO KEEP;
HER AT UMSL

BYLINE: Ann Scales Cobbs Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1147 words


State Rep. Charles Q. Troupe, D-St. Louis, warned curators of the University of
Missouri system Monday to act to keep Marguerite Ross Barnett in St.  Louis or
get ready for a fight with the legislative black caucus, which might try to
block financing for the system.  On Friday, a search committee at the University
of Houston recommended Barnett for the job of president. Barnett has been
chancellor of the University of Missouri at St. Louis since 1986.  Barnett was
in Houston Sunday and Monday meeting regents and university administrators for
the second time in about a week. The Houston regents have yet to make her an
offer, and Barnett has not indicated whether she would take the job.  Barnett
earns $105,000 annually. The former Houston president, Richard Van Horn, earned
$140,000 a year before leaving to become president of the University of
Oklahoma.  University of Houston officials will be in St. Louis this week to
look at UMSL and check Barnett's references, said Kenneth L. Lay, the regents'
chairman.  Troupe criticized the Missouri curators for not having so far offered
Barnett more money as incentive for staying at UMSL. Troupe says that was done
for Haskell Monroe, chancellor of the Columbia campus.  Monroe was a finalist in
February for the presidency of the University of Arkansas system. A day after he
withdrew from consideration, the University of Missouri board of curators
approved a $10,000 pay increase and $24,000 housing allowance for Monroe. His
pay had been $110,000 a year, excluding a $12,500 annuity.  Monroe has said he
declined the Arkansas job before learning that he would get the housing
allowance and the raise.  The pay raise and housing allowance, however, angered
many faculty members at Mizzou who criticized Monroe for accepting the money.
Troupe said, ''If they don't make a comparable offer to this black woman as they
did with this white man, then the fight that they had with the black caucus with
Grobman is going to be child's play in comparison.'' Arnold Grobman was
Barnett's predecessor at UMSL. Troupe and other black leaders charged that he
did too little to recruit and retain black students.  Troupe said that black
leaders had stymied efforts to provide money for a new science building and
other programs because they believed the ''university was not sensitive, not
concerned about the total St. Louis community.'' He said he would meet this week
with Senate Majority Leader J.B. ''Jet'' Banks and Sen. John Bass, both St.
Louis Democrats, to fashion a statement to the curators ''telling them the black
caucus expects the curators to do everything in their power to keep this woman
here.'' The president of the University of Missouri board of curators is Dr. Eva
L.  Frazer, a St. Louis physician who is the only black on the board and was the
board's first black president. On Monday, she said the curators ''will do what
we can to try to retain'' Barnett.  She and other members of the board of
curators said in interviews that they had discussed Barnett's situation at a
closed meeting Wednesday but had taken no action.  Asked whether an offer would
be made to Barnett to stay, curator G. Andy Runge, a lawyer from Mexico, Mo.,
said: ''I think there's a reluctance to talk about something before it's time.''
State Rep. Neil Molloy, D-Pasadena Park, and an ardent supporter of UMSL, said
it would surprise him if curators did not to make a bid to keep Barnett here.
''I would have a lot further comment if they don't,'' he added.  C. Peter
Magrath, president of the University of Missouri system, said, ''In no case do I
get into discussions about what was done and what will be done. I think it's
very clear that we want to persuade her not to go further south and to stay
here.'' Larry Wines of St. Louis, a lawyer who is president of the alumni
association at UMSL, said ''it would seriously rile me'' if the curators did not
try to keep Barnett at UMSL.  ''There have been a lot of internal battles, and
Marguerite has been a great champion for St. Louis and public higher education
in St. Louis,'' Wines said.  He added, ''She is as valuable if not more valuable
to St. Louis as Monroe is for Columbia. Personally speaking, she deserves a lot
better.''

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo ... Headshot of (Haskell) Monroe Photo ... Headshot of
(Marguerite Ross) Barnett

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              883 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            November 18, 1988 Friday
                                  Late Edition

DEATH IS A TEENAGER WITH A MACHINE GUN

BYLINE: PETER PRINGLE Source: The Independent.

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 730 words


THERE'S AN English surgeon living nearby who spent last weekend in Washington
Hospital trying to save the life of a 17-year-old black youth who had 17 bullets
in his body.

The boy was lucky. All the bullets had entered his body below the level of his
stomach so no vital organs were hit. When the boy had passed the danger point
the surgeon and the hospital put in a bill for tens of thousands of dollars, but
it will never be covered by government hand-outs and the youth has no money. The
surgeon says his hospital has lost about $US50 million ($A58 million) this year
in treating gunshot victims.

The same is true for hospitals in New York, Detroit and Los Angeles - and any
big city where the teenage crack wars have been raging.

In Washington, the killing of young black teenagers in drug wars is a daily
event. There have been 308 murders this year in this city of barely 750,000, and
most of the victims have been 15 or younger. Many more youths have been wounded.

Since 1987, when the cheap cocaine mixture known as crack hit the city streets,
nearly 500 juveniles have been shot or stabbed in drug killings. In August, 60
of the juvenile shooting victims were 15 and younger, twice last year's figure
for that month. The number of 11- to 14-year-olds arrested on serious drug
charges more than doubled from 1986 to 1987 and this year it looks as though it
will double again.

When the street kids who sell crack go to war they use automatic weapons -which
is how the 17-year-old youth came to have 17 bullets below his stomach.

For the comparatively affluent, the war is for the most part unseen and unheard.
But for those who live in the "war zone" east of 14th Street and still only a
few blocks from the White House, the violence is always there.

Courtland Milloy, a black columnist for The Washington Post, lives close enough
to witness the fighting. "Whenever I pass one of the corner stores in my
neighbourhood, the five young hustlers are always there ... One lookout is
posted at the entrance to the alley; another watches traffic from the sidewalk;
one works the paging device and public telephone setup; one collects the money;
another dispenses crack.

"They appear to be in their late teens and early twenties, with arrowheads and
letters etched into their close-cropped haircuts, wearing gold chains, metallic
and candy-coloured warm-up suits and unlaced basketball shoes, swaggering as if
they know it all. And I want to tell them to get the hell out of my
neighbourhood - turning girls into prostitutes and children into addicts.

"But one has a gun, and when a man driving a new Chevrolet returns to the scene,
talking about 'I want my money back,' he gets a barrel across his face, several
kicks in the head as he crawls back to his car and a brick through his window as
he drives away. Glad I kept my mouth shut, but then who is going to stop this?"

What especially troubles Mr Milloy and other black intellectuals is that those
hooked on crack are working- and middle-class blacks, the ones who have a job or
who are making good in a predominantly white society.

The teenage dealers who have never worked and have little prospects are about to
destroy the gains made by a substantial part of black America during the 1960s
and 1970s. But the teenagers, the social workers say, are numb to it all.

In a city such as Washington, which is 70 per cent black with a huge black
underclass, it's a black problem. Mr Milloy again: "Blacks are being killed and
imprisoned, going crazy, committing suicide, losing their homes, cars and
families in a way that, if these things were being done by anybody other than
black people themselves, could be called genocide."

Filled with despair, Mr Milloy and other blacks have watched as city officials
here and elsewhere have failed to control the spread of the drugs and the
violence. They dream of a black leader to solve the problem, like Jesse Jackson,
for example.

Some, like Mr Milloy, want Jesse Jackson to run for Mayor of Washington to
replace Marion Barry. Barry is a black but often seems more concerned with a
rich private life for himself than a safe life in public for his citizens.

Mr Jackson could run; he has a house here. If you get close enough to the war
zones and strain to hear the cries over the rattle of machine guns, one that's
getting louder is the one heard across the country six months ago: "Run, Jesse,
run."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              884 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

Beltway accident kills Glen Burnie man

BYLINE: TIM HYLAND; Staff Wrtier

SECTION: Pg. A2

LENGTH: 826  words


A Glen Burnie man was killed Monday afternoon in an accident on the Baltimore
Beltway in Woodlawn, police said.

At around 4:30 p.m., George Gilbert Burrier, 85, was driving a green Jeep
Cherokee on the outer loop of Interstate 695, just south of Interstate 70, when
he veered onto the right shoulder and struck a disabled Peterbilt dump truck,
police said.

The collision caused Burrier's Jeep to return to the right traffic lane, where
it was struck by a black 2004 Nissan Sentra, police said. The collision caused
the Jeep to overturn and come to a rest on its roof.

Burrier, of the 300 block of Congressional Court, was pronounced dead at the
scene.

The accident caused police to shut down all lanes of the beltway for
approximately four hours, police said.

GLEN BURNIE

Armed robbery

A 7-Eleven on Greenway was robbed at gunpoint early Tuesday morning, county
police said.

A clerk at the store in the 700 block of Greenway Southeast told police a man
armed with a gun entered the store at 3:20 a.m. and demanded money from the cash
registers.

He took an undisclosed amount of cash and ran from the store, where he was
joined by a second suspect who had waited outside the store during the holdup.

Police searched the area, but did not find the suspects.

Police said the armed suspect is a light-skinned black man about 5 feet 6 inches
tall, and 160 pounds. He was wearing a black mask over his face, black jeans and
a black, long-sleeve T-shirt.

The second suspect was only described as wearing all black clothing.

Pair robbed

A man held up two men near around the B&A Trail Sunday afternoon, county police
said.

Officers were called for a robbery shortly after noon in a parking lot near the
intersection of Aquahart Road and Greenway Southeast, near the popular hiker
biker trail.

As they were interviewing the 27-year-old victim, another victim walked up.

That 19-year-old man told police a man tried to rob him seconds after the first
victim. He was walking along the B&A Trail just south of the Harundale Plaza
when a man approached, suggested he had a weapon and threatened to shoot.

He got the wallet of the first victim and nothing from the second.

The robber was described as black, in his early 30s, about 5 feet 5 inches tall
with a thin build. He was wearing a blue T-shirt and pants.

Linthicum

Station held up

County police are seeking a man armed with a handgun who robbed a BP gas station
Friday.

Officers were called to the station in the 7000 block of Baltimore-Annapolis
Boulevard for a robbery.

The clerk told police a man came into the store with a handgun and demanded
money. The man took an undetermined amount of money from the register, then ran
off toward Burwood Village Plaza.

Police and K-9 units searched but did not find the suspect.

The suspect is white, 30 to 35 years old, 5 feet 10 inches tall with an average
build and a brown goatee.

He was wearing sunglasses, a light brown polo shirt, bluejeans, dark shoes and a
black bandana decorated with an eight-ball and yellow and red flames.

CHESAPEAKE BAY

Eight rescues Saturday

The Coast Guard and county firefighters rescued eight people from county
waterways over the weekend during a night of choppy waters.

Lt. Cmdr. Randy Brown, a spokesman for the Coast Guard sector in Baltimore, said
boaters seemed to be caught off guard by the bad weather.

"It caused a lot of overturned vessels," Brown said. "In these scenarios, we
want to make sure people are paying attention to the weather and take shelter if
things get bad. And they always need to make sure they're wearing life jackets."

Division Chief Michael Cox, spokesman for the county Fire Department, said there
were three separate incidents Satuday. One involved a disabled vessel in the
Deale area; another involved a sailboat that lost its sail and left three people
adrift near Mayo; and the last one involved a boat stuck out in the Magothy
River near Pasadena.

ANNAPOLIS

Drug charges

A Pasadena man was among two people arrested Thursday on charges they attempted
to sell several types of prescription drugs to people downtown.

Police said Zachary Joseph Sutherland, 20, of Pasadena and Tara Kristine Lee,
25, of Denton, were trying to sell the drugs around Main Street and Church
Circle.

Police said they found hypodermic needles as well as numerous loose pills. The
drugs included 30 pills identified as a prescription drug used to treat anxiety,
and 46 pills identified as a drug used to treat bipolar disorder.

Officers also confiscated more than a dozen other pills, including steroids and
prescription drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and $171 in
cash.

Both Sutherland and Lee were charged with two counts of possession of drugs that
aren't marijuana and two counts of possession of paraphernalia. Lee was charged
with six counts of omitting the required label on prescription drugs, and
Sutherland was charged with four counts of the same offense.

---

Staff writers E.B. Furgurson III and Allison Bourg contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

Beltway accident kills Glen Burnie man

BYLINE: TIM HYLAND; Staff Wrtier

SECTION: Pg. A2

LENGTH: 826  words


A Glen Burnie man was killed Monday afternoon in an accident on the Baltimore
Beltway in Woodlawn, police said.

At around 4:30 p.m., George Gilbert Burrier, 85, was driving a green Jeep
Cherokee on the outer loop of Interstate 695, just south of Interstate 70, when
he veered onto the right shoulder and struck a disabled Peterbilt dump truck,
police said.

The collision caused Burrier's Jeep to return to the right traffic lane, where
it was struck by a black 2004 Nissan Sentra, police said. The collision caused
the Jeep to overturn and come to a rest on its roof.

Burrier, of the 300 block of Congressional Court, was pronounced dead at the
scene.

The accident caused police to shut down all lanes of the beltway for
approximately four hours, police said.

GLEN BURNIE

Armed robbery

A 7-Eleven on Greenway was robbed at gunpoint early Tuesday morning, county
police said.

A clerk at the store in the 700 block of Greenway Southeast told police a man
armed with a gun entered the store at 3:20 a.m. and demanded money from the cash
registers.

He took an undisclosed amount of cash and ran from the store, where he was
joined by a second suspect who had waited outside the store during the holdup.

Police searched the area, but did not find the suspects.

Police said the armed suspect is a light-skinned black man about 5 feet 6 inches
tall, and 160 pounds. He was wearing a black mask over his face, black jeans and
a black, long-sleeve T-shirt.

The second suspect was only described as wearing all black clothing.

Pair robbed

A man held up two men near around the B&A Trail Sunday afternoon, county police
said.

Officers were called for a robbery shortly after noon in a parking lot near the
intersection of Aquahart Road and Greenway Southeast, near the popular hiker
biker trail.

As they were interviewing the 27-year-old victim, another victim walked up.

That 19-year-old man told police a man tried to rob him seconds after the first
victim. He was walking along the B&A Trail just south of the Harundale Plaza
when a man approached, suggested he had a weapon and threatened to shoot.

He got the wallet of the first victim and nothing from the second.

The robber was described as black, in his early 30s, about 5 feet 5 inches tall
with a thin build. He was wearing a blue T-shirt and pants.

Linthicum

Station held up

County police are seeking a man armed with a handgun who robbed a BP gas station
Friday.

Officers were called to the station in the 7000 block of Baltimore-Annapolis
Boulevard for a robbery.

The clerk told police a man came into the store with a handgun and demanded
money. The man took an undetermined amount of money from the register, then ran
off toward Burwood Village Plaza.

Police and K-9 units searched but did not find the suspect.

The suspect is white, 30 to 35 years old, 5 feet 10 inches tall with an average
build and a brown goatee.

He was wearing sunglasses, a light brown polo shirt, bluejeans, dark shoes and a
black bandana decorated with an eight-ball and yellow and red flames.

CHESAPEAKE BAY

Eight rescues Saturday

The Coast Guard and county firefighters rescued eight people from county
waterways over the weekend during a night of choppy waters.

Lt. Cmdr. Randy Brown, a spokesman for the Coast Guard sector in Baltimore, said
boaters seemed to be caught off guard by the bad weather.

"It caused a lot of overturned vessels," Brown said. "In these scenarios, we
want to make sure people are paying attention to the weather and take shelter if
things get bad. And they always need to make sure they're wearing life jackets."

Division Chief Michael Cox, spokesman for the county Fire Department, said there
were three separate incidents Satuday. One involved a disabled vessel in the
Deale area; another involved a sailboat that lost its sail and left three people
adrift near Mayo; and the last one involved a boat stuck out in the Magothy
River near Pasadena.

ANNAPOLIS

Drug charges

A Pasadena man was among two people arrested Thursday on charges they attempted
to sell several types of prescription drugs to people downtown.

Police said Zachary Joseph Sutherland, 20, of Pasadena and Tara Kristine Lee,
25, of Denton, were trying to sell the drugs around Main Street and Church
Circle.

Police said they found hypodermic needles as well as numerous loose pills. The
drugs included 30 pills identified as a prescription drug used to treat anxiety,
and 46 pills identified as a drug used to treat bipolar disorder.

Officers also confiscated more than a dozen other pills, including steroids and
prescription drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and $171 in
cash.

Both Sutherland and Lee were charged with two counts of possession of drugs that
aren't marijuana and two counts of possession of paraphernalia. Lee was charged
with six counts of omitting the required label on prescription drugs, and
Sutherland was charged with four counts of the same offense.

---

Staff writers E.B. Furgurson III and Allison Bourg contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              886 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

Beltway accident kills Glen Burnie man

BYLINE: TIM HYLAND; Staff Wrtier

SECTION: Pg. A2

LENGTH: 826  words


A Glen Burnie man was killed Monday afternoon in an accident on the Baltimore
Beltway in Woodlawn, police said.

At around 4:30 p.m., George Gilbert Burrier, 85, was driving a green Jeep
Cherokee on the outer loop of Interstate 695, just south of Interstate 70, when
he veered onto the right shoulder and struck a disabled Peterbilt dump truck,
police said.

The collision caused Burrier's Jeep to return to the right traffic lane, where
it was struck by a black 2004 Nissan Sentra, police said. The collision caused
the Jeep to overturn and come to a rest on its roof.

Burrier, of the 300 block of Congressional Court, was pronounced dead at the
scene.

The accident caused police to shut down all lanes of the beltway for
approximately four hours, police said.

GLEN BURNIE

Armed robbery

A 7-Eleven on Greenway was robbed at gunpoint early Tuesday morning, county
police said.

A clerk at the store in the 700 block of Greenway Southeast told police a man
armed with a gun entered the store at 3:20 a.m. and demanded money from the cash
registers.

He took an undisclosed amount of cash and ran from the store, where he was
joined by a second suspect who had waited outside the store during the holdup.

Police searched the area, but did not find the suspects.

Police said the armed suspect is a light-skinned black man about 5 feet 6 inches
tall, and 160 pounds. He was wearing a black mask over his face, black jeans and
a black, long-sleeve T-shirt.

The second suspect was only described as wearing all black clothing.

Pair robbed

A man held up two men near around the B&A Trail Sunday afternoon, county police
said.

Officers were called for a robbery shortly after noon in a parking lot near the
intersection of Aquahart Road and Greenway Southeast, near the popular hiker
biker trail.

As they were interviewing the 27-year-old victim, another victim walked up.

That 19-year-old man told police a man tried to rob him seconds after the first
victim. He was walking along the B&A Trail just south of the Harundale Plaza
when a man approached, suggested he had a weapon and threatened to shoot.

He got the wallet of the first victim and nothing from the second.

The robber was described as black, in his early 30s, about 5 feet 5 inches tall
with a thin build. He was wearing a blue T-shirt and pants.

Linthicum

Station held up

County police are seeking a man armed with a handgun who robbed a BP gas station
Friday.

Officers were called to the station in the 7000 block of Baltimore-Annapolis
Boulevard for a robbery.

The clerk told police a man came into the store with a handgun and demanded
money. The man took an undetermined amount of money from the register, then ran
off toward Burwood Village Plaza.

Police and K-9 units searched but did not find the suspect.

The suspect is white, 30 to 35 years old, 5 feet 10 inches tall with an average
build and a brown goatee.

He was wearing sunglasses, a light brown polo shirt, bluejeans, dark shoes and a
black bandana decorated with an eight-ball and yellow and red flames.

CHESAPEAKE BAY

Eight rescues Saturday

The Coast Guard and county firefighters rescued eight people from county
waterways over the weekend during a night of choppy waters.

Lt. Cmdr. Randy Brown, a spokesman for the Coast Guard sector in Baltimore, said
boaters seemed to be caught off guard by the bad weather.

"It caused a lot of overturned vessels," Brown said. "In these scenarios, we
want to make sure people are paying attention to the weather and take shelter if
things get bad. And they always need to make sure they're wearing life jackets."

Division Chief Michael Cox, spokesman for the county Fire Department, said there
were three separate incidents Satuday. One involved a disabled vessel in the
Deale area; another involved a sailboat that lost its sail and left three people
adrift near Mayo; and the last one involved a boat stuck out in the Magothy
River near Pasadena.

ANNAPOLIS

Drug charges

A Pasadena man was among two people arrested Thursday on charges they attempted
to sell several types of prescription drugs to people downtown.

Police said Zachary Joseph Sutherland, 20, of Pasadena and Tara Kristine Lee,
25, of Denton, were trying to sell the drugs around Main Street and Church
Circle.

Police said they found hypodermic needles as well as numerous loose pills. The
drugs included 30 pills identified as a prescription drug used to treat anxiety,
and 46 pills identified as a drug used to treat bipolar disorder.

Officers also confiscated more than a dozen other pills, including steroids and
prescription drugs for attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, and $171 in
cash.

Both Sutherland and Lee were charged with two counts of possession of drugs that
aren't marijuana and two counts of possession of paraphernalia. Lee was charged
with six counts of omitting the required label on prescription drugs, and
Sutherland was charged with four counts of the same offense.

---

Staff writers E.B. Furgurson III and Allison Bourg contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 1, 1999, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Tearful Baptist Leader Is Given 5 1/2-Year Term in Graft Case

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 19; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 555 words

DATELINE: LARGO, Fla., March 31


Sobbing and pleading for mercy, the Rev. Henry Lyons was sentenced today to five
and a half years in prison for swindling more than $4 million from the largest
black religious organization in the country while serving as its president.

Mr. Lyons, 57, was also ordered to repay almost $2.5 million.

On Feb. 27, Mr. Lyons was convicted of selling bogus convention membership lists
to companies that wanted to sell cemetery products, life insurance policies and
credit cards to members of the National Baptist Convention U.S.A.

He was also found guilty of stealing money that had been donated by a Jewish
organization to rebuild Southern black churches destroyed by arson.

That crime, Mr. Lyons admitted, "stinks in God's nostrils."

"I cannot shake the feeling that I have let so many people down," Mr. Lyons told
Judge Susan Schaeffer of Pinellas County Circuit Court. "I've asked God every
single night and day to forgive me."

Judge Schaeffer ordered Mr. Lyons to prison immediately, rather than allowing
him to remain free until June 18, when he was scheduled for sentencing in
Federal District Court, where he has pleaded guilty to related charges of fraud
and tax evasion.

Mr. Lyons's lawyers said that under sentencing guidelines, he would probably
serve a little more than seven years in the Federal case.

"The jury has said you're a racketeer, and they said you're a thief," Judge
Schaeffer said. "It's time to pay the piper, Dr. Lyons."

Under Florida sentencing guidelines, Mr. Lyons could have been given up to eight
years in prison.

Mr. Lyons and the Baptist convention's publicist, Bernice Edwards, were accused
of spending the money on luxury homes, cars, jewelry and travel.

The weeping minister apologized in particular for the theft of almost $250,000
from the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, money intended to rebuild the
burned black churches.

"It stinks in God's nostrils," Mr. Lyons said, "and I know it stinks in the
law's nostrils, and it stinks to me. I ask the court, and I ask America, and I
ask black people to forgive me because I believe that it will haunt me the rest
of my life. I really do."

Breaking into sobs, Mr. Lyons said, "I ask for mercy."

Among those who spoke on Mr. Lyons's behalf was his wife, Deborah.

"I love my husband very much," Ms. Lyons told Judge Schaeffer. "We have been
through some rough times together. If you can find it in your heart, look not at
Dr. Lyons in the last three or four years, but look at the good he brings."

Mr. Lyons's troubles began in 1997, when his wife set fire to a $700,000
waterfront home that Mr. Lyons owned with Ms. Edwards. The fire led to closer
scrutiny of Mr. Lyons's lavish spending.

The pastor of Bethel Metropolitan Baptist Church in St. Petersburg, Mr. Lyons
served as president of the National Baptist Convention from 1994 until he
tearfully resigned the post on March 16, a few weeks after his conviction.

The next day, Mr. Lyons avoided a second trial by pleading guilty in Federal
court to evading taxes, engaging in fraudulent activities and lying to
officials, charges that also grew out of convention business dealings.

Ms. Edwards went on trial with Mr. Lyons and was acquitted, but she pleaded
guilty in Federal court to tax evasion, and was scheduled for sentencing on
Sept. 13.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              888 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            October 19, 2008 Sunday
                                CAROLINA EDITION

ACROSS THE AREA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 289 words


Bank robbery suspect arrested near Atlanta

A man accused of robbing eight South Carolina banks was arrested in Decatur, Ga.
Saturday.

Frank Douglas, 49, of Beech Island, was being held at the DeKalb County
Sheriff's Office after being found at a Decatur hotel with a female friend,
according to a South Carolina FBI Field Office news release.

Warrants have been issued for Mr. Douglas by the FBI, Aiken County, Orangeburg
County, city of Columbia and the city of Cayce. He is accused of robbing several
banks by presenting a note to tellers demanding money without any indication of
having a weapon.

He will be extradited to South Carolina next week, according to a DeKalb County
jail administrator.

Two armed robberies reported on Saturday

An armed robbery was reported at two businesses in the Augusta area Saturday.

On Saturday morning, a man entered the Express Cash on the 100 block of 13th
Street wearing a black zip-up hoodie, black knit cap and a black bandana around
his face and brandishing a silver handgun, according to a sheriff's office
report. He demanded money from the clerk and her purse, the report states. The
woman did not have a purse, but the suspect left with an undisclosed amount of
cash, heading east on Jones Street.

The suspect is described as black, 5 foot 2 inches tall, and 130 pounds.

That afternoon, a man wearing a black shirt, black shorts and black skull cap
entered the China Express at the 2000 block of Tobacco Road in Hephzibah and
forced the cashier at gun point to open the cash register, a sheriff's office
report states. The man fled with $200 on foot east on Tobacco Road.

The suspect in the China Express robbery is described as a black teen, 6 foot 1
inch tall and 160 pounds.

- From staff reports

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                     November 30, 1987, Monday, ALL EDITION

No shortage of projects for cash-rich Toronto Sun

BYLINE: Renate Lerch

SECTION: SECTION 1; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 637 words


  There will be no shortage of projects for Toronto Sun Publishing Corp. to
invest the US$100 million it has pocketed from the sale of the Houston Post to
Media News Group Inc. of Dallas, Tex.

The money should come in handy for acquisitions, says President Douglas
Creighton. He has earmarked some of it to launch the new Financial Post daily,
which makes its debut Feb. 2. The Sun is concluding its purchase of the
Financial Post group from Maclean Hunter Ltd. whose majority interest in Sun
Publishing increases to 57.3%.

The Financial Post already has a working relationship with the Toronto Sun,
since its weekly edition is printed at the Sun. Now the Sun's production
facilities will be expanded to accommodate the daily FP edition.

The sum to be spent on the daily is not large, says Creighton. The weekly FP
generates a fair amount of cash and the Sun plans to sell 25% of a newly
established Financial Post company to the Financial Times of London. Another
chunk - likely to be about 10% - will be sold to Conrad Black, says Creighton.
Those transactions will leave more for the Sun to spend on acquiring other new
properties.

The cash injection from the sale of the Houston Post was cut to US$100 million
from the US$150 million originally agreed upon. For the remaining US$50 million
of the sales-price, the Sun is taking back a five-year note with interest at
market rates.

The terms of the agreement were changed because of ''market conditions,'' says
Creighton. The stock market crashed about five weeks after the deal was
announced in September.

''The market value placed on the Houston Post was reduced overnight in the minds
of the banks,'' says Creighton. ''Because the financing package was no longer
the same after Oct. 19, further negotiations, which were still amiable, took
place.''

Replacing part of the cash with a US$50-million note at market rates does not
change the deal significantly and had no impact on the Toronto Sun stock price,
says James Cole, communications analyst at McCarthy Securities Ltd. in Toronto.

When the deal was first announced in September, Sun shares jumped up $3 1/4 to
$24 3/4. The Sun has recently been trading at about $18 on the Toronto Stock
Exchange.

The closing of the Houston Post sale had already been postponed to Nov. 20 from
Nov. 1, because Media News was late in filing information with the Federal Trade
Commission to comply with U.S. anti-trust laws.

The delay was compounded when the FTC decided the sale might create a monopoly.
The Houston Post has some readers north of the city in Walker County, an area
served by another Media News publication, the Huntsville Item. This issue, which
Creighton calls ''part of the bureaucratic look at the sale,'' was resolved in
Media News' favor, allowing the sale to proceed.

POSITIVE IMPACT

The fact that the deal closed is good news for Toronto Sun investors, says
Marianne Godwin, analyst at Merrill Lynch Canada Inc. Selling the Houston Post,
rather than continuing to operate it, will have a positive impact on the Sun's
bottom line.

Godwin has some questions about the longer-term outlook. ''What returns will the
Sun get from the second part of the agreement?'' she asks, referring to the
stipulation that Sun Publishing will be paid an extra amount on March 31, 1993,
based on the Houston Post's revenue growth over five years. The Sun will get
$1.25 for every $1 of additional newspaper revenue over an annual base which
approximates to estimated 1987 revenues.

These payments will depend on a revival of Houston's economy - which may take
longer to achieve than expected.

Audit Bureau of Circulation figures show the Houston Post's daily circulation
dropped to 301,000 in the six months to Sept 30 from 309,000 in the previous
half-year.




LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Sun's Creighton: Money handy

TYPE: NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 Financial Post Ltd.


                              890 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             June 19, 2008 Thursday

Woman, 90, Latest Victim Of Robbers

BYLINE: John M. Hoober Iii

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 647  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


The Wednesday night home-invasion robbery of a 90-year-old New Holland-area
woman could be the latest crime committed by armed men who dress themselves in
black, police report.

The woman, whose home is in the 400 block of Kurtz Road in Earl Township,
surrendered cash to a gunman shortly before 7 p.m. Wednesday, police said.

From the description, police think the gunman could be one of the two men who
held up a convenience store in Terre Hill on Tuesday night.

And the Monday robbery of a Subway shop on Route 272 in East Cocalico Township
might be the work of the Terre Hill/Earl Township suspects, police said.

The KFC restaurant on Columbia Avenue in East Hempfield Township, was robbed
Wednesday night, but that holdup does not appear to be connected to the other
robberies - all of which occurred at locations in northeastern Lancaster County.

The 90-year-old, who lives north of Route 322, told New Holland police that a
man approached her home after parking his car in her driveway.

The man knocked on the door and asked if he could borrow oil, which the resident
advised she did not have,'' said Detective Jonathan Heisse.

The man then asked for money, and told her (the woman) he had his wallet
stolen,'' Heisse said.

The woman gave the man a small amount of cash, but he didn't leave. Police said
he forced his way into the home, pulled out a handgun, and demanded more money.

The woman handed over more cash to the robber, who ransacked the woman's home
before fleeing with the money and a cordless phone.

The man was last seen driving south on Kurtz Road in a small black car.

The woman was not harmed during the robbery, which appears to be a random act,
Heisse said. The suspect possibly chose her home because it is in a rural area
populated by Plain-sect residents, police said.

The robber was described as being in his 20s with a dark complexion, dark hair,
thin, and about 5-foot-8. He wore all black clothing, which is the same
description given of the two men who held up a convenience store in Terre Hill
on Tuesday night.

East Earl Township police said two men who were dressed in black entered the
store, in the 300 block of Main Street, at 9:50 p.m. and demanded money from a
clerk.

When the clerk refused to open the register, the suspects physically removed the
cash box portion of the register, Office Daniel Nipper reported.

One suspect displayed a black semi-automatic handgun during the holdup, Nipper
said.

A witness was struck in the face, but did not require medical assistance, police
added.

The robbers were both males about 20 to 25 years old who wore black pants, black
long-sleeved shirts, black gloves and black rags on their faces, police said.
They fled in a dark-colored sedan that had a partial Pennsylvania license plate
of GLG.

At about 7 p.m. Monday, a bandit held up the Subway store at 2350 N. Reading
Road (Route 272) Denver, which is in a shopping plaza north of the Pennsylvania
Turnpike.

The robber held a screwdriver at a female clerk and stole money from the
register, East Cocalico Township police said. He fled in a car which, police
said, matched the description of the getaway car in the Terre Hill holdup.

There also was a similar recent robbery of a Subway store in Muhlenberg
Township, Berks County, East Cocalico Township police noted. Just west of
Lancaster, a gunman held up the KFC (Kentucky Fried Chicken) restaurant at 1633
Columbia Ave. at 11:40 p.m. Wednesday, East Hempfield Township police said.

The suspect entered the restaurant holding a handgun and left with an
undisclosed amount of cash, police said.

No injuries were reported. Anyone with information about the robberies is asked
to call New Holland police at 354-4647, East Earl Township police at 355-5302,
East Cocalico Township police at 336-1725, and East Hempfield Township police at
898-3603. Tipsters also can call Lancaster City/County CrimeStoppers at
1-800-322-1913.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              891 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           September 23, 2011 Friday

POLICE BEAT

SECTION: Pg. A6

LENGTH: 641  words


WAYSONS CORNER

Dash-In robbed

A man robbed a convenience store in Waysons Corner early yesterday morning,
county police said.

After walking into the Dash-In store in the 1300 block of Mt. Zion-Marlboro Road
at 1:26 a.m., the man confronted the clerk and demanded money. The clerk
complied and the robber, a white man wearing a black ski mask and green and
black jacket, ran off.

Police searched for the suspect, but could not find him.

GLEN BURNIE

Armed robbery

County police said they are seeking two men in an armed robbery in Glen Burnie
early Thursday morning.

Police were called to the 7800 block of Tall Pines Court at 2:05 a.m. for a
report of a robbery.

The 18-year-old victim told police he got out of his car and was approached by
two men with handguns.

The pair took money and the victim's cellphone and ran off in the direction of
Baltimore-Washington Medical Center.

Several officers and a K-9 unit searched the area to no avail.

Delivery robbery

A pizza delivery driver was robbed at gunpoint in Glen Burnie Wednesday night,
county police said.

When officers arrived at 700 block of Hamlen Road at 11 p.m., the 30-year-old
pizza delivery driver told them a man pulled a gun on him and demanded money.

The driver complied, turning over an undisclosed amount of cash, police said.
The robber then ran away.

The suspect is white, about 25 years old, 6 feet tall and 160 pounds. He was
wearing a gray hoodie and jeans.

Police searched the area, but could not find the suspect.

Armed holdup

A man robbed a Glen Burnie convenience store at gunpoint early Sunday morning,
county police said.

Police were called to the Wawa in the 7600 block of Quarterfield Road at 12:06
a.m. for a report of an armed robbery.

Store employees said the suspect came into the store with a gun, walked behind
the counter and demanded money.

Employees complied and the man ran toward Route 100.

Several officers and a K-9 unit searched but did not find the suspect.

The suspect is black, about 5 feet 6 inches tall. He was wearing an orange
shirt, black jacket, tan pants, black gloves and a blue ski mask.

Home delivery

County paramedics delivered a baby girl at a Glen Burnie home Tuesday evening.

The call came at 6:26 p.m. and paramedics arrived at the Warwickshire Lane home
to find the baby ready to arrive.

Mother and child were taken to a local hospital.

PASADENA

Bicyclist injured

A bicyclist suffered life-threatening injuries after being hit by a car on
Mountain Road on Wednesday evening, county fire officials said.

The 40-year-old woman was riding her bike on Mountain Road near Postal Court
just before 8 p.m. when she was struck by the car.

She was rushed to the Maryland Shock Trauma Center in Baltimore with serious,
life threatening injuries.

Further information was not available.

LINTHICUM

Market robbed

A man robbed the Linthicum Market on Tuesday morning after implying he had a
weapon, county police said.

The man walked into the store at 8:30 a.m. and announced a robbery. He indicated
he had a weapon, police said.

Employees complied and the man ran off.

Police and a K-9 unit searched the area to no avail.

The suspect is white and bald, about 5 feet 7 to 5 feet 9 inches tall, and in
his mid-30s to mid-40s.

BROOKLYN PARK

Pedestrian robbed

A man walking down the street in Brooklyn Park was robbed Wednesday night,
county police said.

The victim, 32, called police at 9:58 p.m. from 11th Avenue near Victory Avenue.

He told officers he was walking down 11th Avenue and two men with hoods over
their heads passed him. Seconds later they turned and attacked him from behind.

One of the assailants had a handgun, police said.

Once he realized what was happening the victim dropped his backpack and ran off.

The two suspects grabbed the backpack and jumped into a dark Dodge Caravan-style
van, which sped off toward the Baltimore city line.

Police searched for but did not find the culprits.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2011 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                   January 16, 2001 Tuesday Michigan Edition

Community activist Charles Black dies at 53

BYLINE: By HOWARD DUKES; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 331 words


SOUTH BEND -- Many who attended Monday's Martin Luther King Jr. Community
Appreciation Breakfast already knew that one of this year's Drum Major Community
Service Award winners had died Sunday.

Still, a sense a shock and sadness filled the Century Center when South Bend
Mayor Stephen Luecke made what turned out to be a posthumous presentation in the
honor of Charles Black, 53.

Lynn Coleman, assistant to the mayor, accepted the award on behalf of the
family.

Coleman echoed the sentiments of many in the room. Coleman said young people in
the community had lost a friend and advocate in Charles Black.

Mr. Black's biography, listed in the program with those of the other five award
recipients, is an accurate reflection of what he accomplished and the things he
valued, many in attendance at the breakfast said.

Charles "Box Car" Black grew up in the LaSalle Park neighborhood and graduated
from Washington High School in 1966. A multi-sport star, Mr. Black was selected
as an All-State football player in 1965. He then attended Mesa College in Grand
Junction, Colo.

Mr. Black spent the last 33 years working with youth at LaSalle Park, Clay High
School and Harrison Elementary School.

Most recently, he worked as a security guard at Clay. "He was a security guard,
but the kids still liked him," said Luecke.

One of the reasons why children looked up to Mr. Black is that he spent much of
his nonworking time as a volunteer basketball coach, and often paid for game
trips with his own money because many of the youngsters could not afford the
fees.

He also was a member of Greater Friendship Baptist Church, where he served on
the Deacons Board.

Privately, he also contributed to the community by visiting a young prison
inmate and offering time, attention and lunch money to the children who needed
help.

Mr. Black is survived by his wife, Linda, and three children, Charles Jr., Jamal
and Jaquice.

Alford's Mortuary is in charge of funeral arrangements.


LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black

                 Copyright 2001 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              893 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                       January 9, 2015 Friday 9:48 AM GMT

Machete-wielding robber raids two north Manchester supermarkets within 35
minutes;
The thug targeted Morrisons in Crumpsall and then a Blackley branch of the Co-op
on Sunday evening

BYLINE: By Pete Bainbridge

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 327 words


A masked robber with a machete raided two supermarkets within 35 minutes.

The thug targeted Morrisons and then the Co-op in north Manchester on Sunday
evening.

He first struck at about 7.15pm at the Morrisons outlet on Crumpsall Lane in
Crumpsall.

The offender walked in carrying a machete and approached the woman behind the
counter and banged the blade on the work top, demanding money. She tried to get
away, but he pushed her back and again demanded cash at knifepoint.

He was described as medium build, around 5ft 8in tall and his face was
completely covered with either a black scarf or balaclava.

He was carrying a black holdall and wore a black bubble jacket with the hood on,
black gloves with a white Nike tick logo on them, navy Adidas tracksuit bottoms
with three white stripes down the side of each leg, and black trainers.

At around 7.50pm the same night a man fitting the same description walked into
Co-Op on Old Market Street, Blackley, brandishing a machete and making demands
for money.

He forced the cashier to open the tills and hand over money,then stole two
bottles of Smirnoff vodka, two bottles of Courvoisier brandy and a bottle of
Martell. He also took boxes of cigarettes.

All the goods were stuffed into a holdall and the robber fled across the fields
towards Old Market Street and Plant Hill Road.

Det Con DC Ann-Marie Ostafijczuk, based at Central Park, said: "This robber
appears to have terrorised shop assistants at two supermarkets in the space of
just over half-an-hour.

"He's clearly a desperate man and, if he's threatening people with a machete, a
danger to both shop workers and potential customers.

"I now want to hear from anyone who was nearby to either incident, or inside the
shops, at the time. It also appears that he ran off from both scenes, suggesting
he didn't have a getaway car.

"With that in mind did you see anyone running nearby carrying a large holdall?
If so, please call police on 101 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 30, 2000, Friday, Home Edition

Black schools get lesson in economics;
 Cole debunks 'magic': Conference focuses on fund-raising issues.

BYLINE: Ernie Suggs, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 445 words

In 1996, Johnnetta Cole did something that few black college presidents before
her, or after for that matter, have been able to do successfully --- raise a lot
of money.

Spelman College's $ 113 million capital campaign became the standard bearer.
But Cole, now a professor at Emory University, wants it to be just the beginning
for other schools.

"It is really important for me to demystify this notion about Spelman," said
Cole, who spoke this week at a conference on how historically black colleges and
universities can better use resources to raise money. "That there was some magic
about this and that it could only happen once."

Cole, along with a host of other successful fund-raisers and business leaders,
including Earl Graves Jr. of "Black Enterprise Magazine," were on hand to offer
advice and guidance to college development officers on how they can use their
resources to better their own fund-raising efforts.

The conference was a joint venture by the Atlanta-based Southern Education
Foundation, an Atlanta-based foundation promoting equal access in higher
education, and the Kresge Foundation, which recently donated $ 10.7 million to
five historically black colleges to beef up their development operations and
think of new ways to raise money. The presidents from each of the five colleges
--- Bethune-Cookman, Dillard, Johnson C. Smith, Meharry Medical and Xavier ---
attended the conference, as well as leaders from seven other colleges that
received grants.

"We are here to talk to the people who are experts," said Elridge McMillan,
president of SEF. "Colleges have historically had to depend on a small universe
of donors to survive. This is helping a small group of colleges changing the
paradigm."

Before Cole's breakthrough at Spelman, few historically black colleges had even
attempted capital campaigns of more than $ 50 million. Now, Hampton University
has raised more than $ 160 million in the midst of a $ 200 million campaign to
provide endowed technology scholarships and professorships.

Graves, wearing orange and blue suspenders in honor of his school, Morgan State
University, said that schools are going to have to start depending more on
alumni to help. Statistically, black college alums give at the same rate as
their white counterparts, but give less.

"Twenty years ago, the idea of planned giving was on the scene. Now, many people
are in positions where they can give back," said Graves, who has donated
millions to Morgan, where the school's business school is named for him. "When
schools go to an AT&T, IBM or Lucent to ask for money, the first thing they are
going to say is what has the alumni done?"

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Emory professor Johnnetta Cole wants her fund-raising activities at Spelman
College to set the standard for black colleges.

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              895 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                   January 21, 2004 Wednesday Ontario Edition

Hollinger presses Black to repay money

BYLINE: Rick Westhead, Toronto Star

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 591 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Black argues 'non-compete' payments approved by board Publishing company
establishes committee to review sale


Hollinger International Inc. reiterated its demand yesterday that ousted
chairman Conrad Black must repay $7.2 million (U.S.) to the publishing company.

Meeting via conference call, Hollinger International's board also said Black
must comply with terms of an agreement he signed two months ago, which came
after a special committee investigating his alleged self-dealing said he had
misled shareholders and the board.

John Warden, Black's lawyer, said the board's insistence that Black return money
to the company "simply ignores the documents showing approval or ratification"
of the so-called "non-compete" payments.

In a letter to the board sent Sunday, Black argued the payments, which were made
so he would not compete against the new owners of papers he'd sold, were
approved by Hollinger International.

Black also said the board was aware he personally, rather than Hollinger
International, was receiving the money.

"Further, it is Lord Black's view that since signing the agreement in November,
the special committee itself has repeatedly breached and repudiated the
agreement," Warden said in a statement.

Also yesterday, Hollinger International formed a committee of non-executive
directors to consider the implications of an agreement that Black reached on
Sunday to sell Hollinger Inc., which controls Hollinger International.

Reclusive British billionaire brothers David and Frederick Barclay agreed to pay
$423.8 (Canadian) million and assume debt of $181.7 million to acquire Hollinger
Inc., which through its U.S. subsidiary controls the Chicago Sun-Times, flagship
London Daily Telegraph and other papers.

But Hollinger International's board wasn't told of the tentative sale until
after it was announced on Sunday evening.

The corporate review committee members are: former U.S. secretary of state Henry
Kissinger, former Illinois governor James Thompson, Richard R. Burt, Shmuel
Meitar, Gordon Paris, Richard Perle, Graham W. Savage and Raymond G.H. Seitz.

Hollinger International also named Paris, the current interim chief executive,
to the position of interim chairman. Black stepped down as chief executive in
November after revelations he had pocketed the non-compete payments.

Black and Hollinger International executives have been embroiled in a maelstrom
of controversy in recent months, which boiled over on the weekend.

On Saturday, Hollinger International said it was firing Black, and suing him,
one of his top lieutenants and his investment firms for more than $200 million
(U.S.) for allegedly misleading directors and diverting company money.

A day later, Black announced he'd sold his stake in Toronto holding company
Hollinger Inc.

In a strange development yesterday, Andre Bisson, a former Bank of Nova Scotia
executive, denied that he'd ever accepted an offer to become a Hollinger Inc.
board member - even though the company issued a release saying he'd quit
yesterday "due to a conflict," four days after his appointment.

On Friday, Hollinger secretary Peter White "offered me to join the company's
board as Hollinger wanted to maintain a corporate presence despite selling its
assets," Bisson said in a statement. "After consulting the company's documents,
I declined the invitation later in the afternoon."

Hollinger, however, had already announced Bisson had been appointed along with
retired general Richard Rohmer to fill a void left when a number of Hollinger's
independent directors quit in November because of the controversy engulfing
Black.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              896 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday

Limestone County roads resolution nixed

BYLINE: Adam Smith, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 655 words


Jan. 20--A divided Limestone County Commission on Tuesday voted against a
resolution in support of diverting TVA-in-lieu of tax money from
Athens-Limestone Hospital to maintain county roads.

District 4 Commissioner Ben Harrison previously discussed the idea during
Wednesday's work session. Despite his resolution receiving a second and a "yes"
vote from District 1 Commissioner Stanley Hill, both District 2 Commissioner
Steve Turner and District 3 Commissioner Jason Black voted "no." In a
tie-breaking vote, Commission Chairman Mark Yarbrough also voted "no."

Harrison's resolution would not have diverted funds from the hospital, but
instead acted as a show of support from the commission to the county's
legislation delegation. The delegation has the authority to change how the
county's TVA-in-lieu-of-tax funds are distributed by the county.

Harrison's plan

Athens-Limestone Hospital currently receives $366,000 per year in TVA funds. In
September, the commission voted to reduce its annual allocation to $134,000 per
year in fiscal years 2016 and 2017. The new amount represented a funding cut of
90 percent to the hospital.

Harrison would like the county to keep that money and purchase a road reclaimer
and a sheepsfoot roller at a combined cost of $500,000 to $700,000. The
equipment, he said, would allow the county to reconstruct its failing roads and
allow its crews to perform simple maintenance as opposed to continuous band-aid
repairs.

Harrison said Athens-Limestone Hospital's 40-year lease agreement with
Huntsville Hospital, which went into effect Jan. 1, means the local hospital is
covered financially.

"We're the only ones giving TVA-in-lieu-of-tax money to the hospitals," he said.
"Huntsville Hospital got their last TVA-in-lieu-of-tax payments 20 years ago.
It's odd to me the Huntsville Hospital System wouldn't have excess revenues, and
that we would continue to give money to them when we don't have money to
maintain our infrastructure."

Hospital support

Yarbrough, Black and Turner all said there was little doubt the county needed
more money for roads, but all agreed they didn't want to take more money from
the hospital at this time.

"We've already taken quite a bit of money this year (from the hospital)," Black
said. "I wish we had an extra million to use on roads and bridges."

Black said despite the lease agreement with Huntsville, he believes the county
should still support the local hospital because it serves more than just Athens.
He added residents in West Limestone, Clements and Ardmore use the hospital
because of its proximity.

"With the chaos going on at the hospital now (in regard to) who's in charge, I
don't see us being able to do this now," he said. "This may be something we can
look at later, but we've got a little hospital going through some changes."

Yarbrough said officials with Athens-Limestone Hospital and the hospital's board
had worked with the county when the decision was made in September to cut
funding. He implored Harrison not to "kick them when they're down" in regard to
his request.

"I feel like they more than did their part," Yarbrough said.

The chairman added that if the legislative delegation wanted to take this issue
up on its own, he wouldn't support it or fight it.

Harrison said the resolution of support for the measure was important so the
delegation could "get the ball rolling" and introduce it during the upcoming
legislative session, which begins Feb. 2. He said if the county acted now, the
funds could be diverted in time for the fiscal year 2017 budget. If the county
waits, he said, it would be 2018 before it takes effect.

After the vote failed, Harrison said he was "open to suggestions" on how the
county could improve its funding stream for road maintenance.

"I'm looking for other alternatives," he said.

___ (c)2016 The News Courier (Athens, Ala.) Visit The News Courier (Athens,
Ala.) at enewscourier.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160120-XN-Limestone-County-roads-resolution-nixed-0120-20160120

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2016 The News Courier


                              897 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                          September 16, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

'Improper' to try Black in U.S., lawyers argue: Onetime media baron says U.S.
doesn't have jurisdiction in case

BYLINE: Barbara Shecter, The Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 337  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO - Conrad Black, Lord Black of Crossharbour, is seeking to have criminal
charges against him dismissed, arguing the United States does not have
jurisdictional authority to prosecute him and that there is not enough evidence
to convict him.

In court papers filed in Chicago late yesterday, the former media baron said
most of the misconduct alleged by the U.S. attorney for the northern district of
Illinois took place in Canada, not the United States.

"The acts alleged to form the offence occurred in Canada. Not only does the
United States lack jurisdiction to prosecute Mr. Black ... but the venue in the
northern district of Illinois is improper," the filings say of a wire fraud
charge stemming from a transfer of money from a Toronto bank.

The filings also argued that racketeering charges should be dropped on
jurisdictional grounds.

"Of the five individuals alleged to be components of the 'enterprise,' four are
not United States citizens," say the documents, which characterize other
allegations against Lord Black as "irrelevant, inflammatory and prejudicial."

Last November, Lord Black was indicted on mail and wire fraud charges, which
were later broadened to include money laundering, racketeering and obstruction
of justice.

The criminal indictment accuses Lord Black and a handful of former top
executives of diverting tens of millions of dollars from the Hollinger
publishing empire, and accuses Lord Black of "fraudulent misuse" of perks,
including $40,000 toward a birthday party for his wife, Barbara Amiel, and a
South Pacific vacation in which the couple flew to Bora Bora on a corporate jet.

Lord Black and former executives Jack Boultbee, Peter Atkinson and Mark Kipnis
are accused of using a series of newspaper sales to fraudulently enrich
themselves by disguising bonuses as "non-compete" payments demanded by the
buyers.

Midnight was the deadline for Lord Black and others accused in a $83-million
U.S. fraud scheme to seek to reduce the charges against them or alter the
wording of the indictments.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Adrian Wyld, The Canadian Press; Conrad Black, shown getting a haircut in
a Toronto barber shop earlier this week, is accused of mail and wire fraud and
of siphoning off tens of millions of dollars from the Hollinger publishing
empire he founded.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           September 26, 1994 Monday
                                  Late Edition

O.J. waves a mighty dollar

BYLINE: Christopher Reed

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1227 words


Unlike most black American defendants, O.J. Simpson has a slick, expensive
defence. Christopher Reed reports from Los Angeles.

THE New York Post's headline screams: `OJ Trial - Week 785: Jury Selected'.
Underneath is a photograph of a grizzled, balding O.J.Simpson facing the
district attorney, Ms Chelsea Clinton-Kennedy, and his defence counsel, Mr
Macauley Culkin. It is of course a spoof in the satirical magazine Spy. The
O.J.Simpson double murder trial starts today with jury selection and although it
will not take as long as Spy suggests, the trial proper may not begin until
October, with the end some time next February.

Fascinating as it is, the "trial of the century" has aspects that lend
themselves more to satire (though more Swiftian than Spy). This is a celebrity
trial and the doings of the rich and famous make the world go round in America.

The questions the case raises - spousal abuse, the death penalty, criminal
jurisdiction, race, wealth - have been dealt with hastily as the media returns
to the win-lose obsession that typifies reporting of elections, Congress, the
law, and nearly all public policy issues.

The case exposes the hypocrisy that now characterises American law.

Nowhere is this more pronounced than in California, whose social failures are
symbolically exposed in the jury selection process.

The reason for a jury is to find 12 citizens who agree on a verdict about the
behavior of a fellow citizen. The point passed long ago in California when this
conception had any practical value.

With politicians pursuing self-serving agendas backed by wealthy vested
interests, Californian society has become so fragmented that nobody can agree on
anything. Polarisation multiplies: rich and poor, men and women, immigrants and
native-born, black and white, brown and white, black and brown, Christians and
liberals, criminal and lawful, voters and non-voters.

California has one of the worst voting records in America. Those who do vote are
mainly prosperous, ageing whites, indifferent to issues such as a deteriorating
education system or anything else requiring public money (except prisons).

Below this bourgeois class are the underclasses and if they are not in jail they
are unemployed or under-employed at rock-bottom wages, living in sub-standard
housing while (white) politicians blame (non- white) immigrants for the
resulting social stresses and tensions.

The legal consequences of this social fragmentation were demonstrated by the two
Rodney King beating trial verdicts. A jury with no blacks acquitted the white
officers. A second, more racially mixed jury convicted two of them. Then a white
Republican judge passed lenient sentences that an appeals court returned for
heavier terms. In the O.J. trial the same potent theme, race, exists in
different form.

The United States now leads its old international competitors in incarceration,
South Africa and the former Soviet Union. California leads the other 49 US
states with more people in prison than any other industrialised community in the
world. The US has five times more prisoners than 20 years ago and the
incarceration rate for blacks is now almost five times higher than South
Africa's.

American blacks are imprisoned at a rate 7.8 times higher than for whites. Both
rates will soar under Congress's new crime bill, just passed, and California's
"three strikes and you're out" legislation, which puts someone away for life
without parole on a third felony conviction even if that crime is not violent or
serious.

California remains in an economic slump in which prison building is the only
guaranteed growth industry. The number of jails has doubled in 10 years and more
black people are behind bars than at college.

Mr Simpson, as a black accused of murdering two whites (his former wife and her
male friend), belongs to the group most often executed in America. But his money
and fame and a battery of defence lawyers, which it is expected will cost him up
to $US4 million ($A5.3million), have ensured that he faces only life
imprisonment.

But prosecutors dread that one or more black jurors will refuse to convict a
popular hero no matter what the evidence. The reason for this is contained in
the statistics already offered as well as the deep distrust that
African-Americans have for US police.

The 1992 riots in Los Angeles, which followed the acquittal of those accused of
beating Mr Rodney King, confirmed that blacks have no faith in the judicial
system. So deep is this lack of faith that a majority of blacks still claim that
O.J. has been framed.

Whites are also disenchanted by a system which clearly favors the rich. The
success of Mr Simpson's defence - eight lawyers, a forensic scientist, a
pathologist and a jury selection consultancy - so far has shown how defendants
with money improve their chances of acquittal.

Most violent crime cases today are not even tried, but plea bargained.

A poor black denying the murder of two whites would be spared a death penalty
prosecution only by agreeing to a plea bargain in which he automatically
receives a life sentence.

IT seems that modern law has abandoned the Sixth Amendment to the US
Constitution which guarantees citizens a trial before an impartial jury. Today's
trial lawyers want jurors who are partial - to their own cases.

A new industry has sprung up of consultants who rent anthropologists,
sociologists, psychologists, behaviorists, demographers and body language
experts. These people specialise in selecting jurors likely to sympathise with
whichever side has hired the consultancy. Both sides in the Simpson trial are
employing such experts.

The US has been deluged with O.J. stories since the mid-June murders of Nicole
Simpson and Ron Goldman whose throats had been slashed. Mr Simpson's trial judge
worries that potential jurors' minds have been hopelessly contaminated. But he
is not seeking people who are unaware of the case, just jurors capable of
setting aside the gossip and media reports and assessing only the evidence
presented in court.

As jurors may be sequestered for months, those available will tend to be retired
or well off, suggesting a more conservative jury which will not please the
defence.

The defence, however, may want to pursue a jury made up of black pubic servants.
Public servants receive full pay while serving jury duty (the private-sector is
not obliged to continue paying wages) and blacks are regarded as potentially
sympathetic to the rags-to-riches story of Mr Simpson.

Then again, black publicly-employed women may resent his marriage to a white
woman. Middle class black females complain that male blacks who succeed too
often seek white wives. And so it goes in the jury business.

Mr Robert Shapiro, lead counsel for Mr Simpson's defence team and
lawyer-to-the-stars, charges more than $300 an hour. For that money you want
more than just law. There is showmanship (his Al Capone ties), public relations
(his leaks to the press), his style (portraits by Richard Avedon, morning
punchbag work-outs), his public appeal (autographs outside the court) and
chutzpah (his prosecution of the police rather than defence of his client).

He makes a lot of money. The other day he went to Lake Tahoe and bought a
$100,000 power boat designed by Fittipaldi. Presumably it is big enough to hold
the four bodyguards he regards as necessary for his public appearances these
days.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cartoon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              899 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE STATE

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 306 words


Chancellor wants black universities preserved

ATLANTA - Merging historically black colleges with Georgia's traditionally white
campuses might save money, but it would be detrimental to students, Univer-sity
System of Georgia Chancellor Erroll B. Davis Jr. told the Board of Regents on
Tuesday.

During his annual state-of-the-system address, Mr. Davis tackled an issue raised
by state lawmakers last month as a possible way to save money amid budget
problems. Mr. Davis said students choose historically black colleges because of
the unique experience they can get at a campus with smaller classes and a more
personal environment.

State Sen. Seth Harp, the GOP head of the Senate Higher Education Committee,
said he plans to go forward with his proposal to merge the historically black
3,400-student Savannah State University with nearby Armstrong Atlantic State
University. In introducing the plan, he said it was time to erase a vestige of
Jim Crow-era segregation.

College puts collection of King papers online

ATLANTA - Thousands of documents in the Martin Luther King Jr. Collection at
Morehouse College will now be available online for public research, school
officials announced Tuesday.

The collection was acquired in 2006 in an eleventh-hour coup led by Atlanta
Mayor Shirley Franklin to buy the papers in a $32 million private sale that
thwarted a public auction to be held at Sotheby's in New York. Morehouse
College, where Dr. King graduated in 1948, is custodian of the collection of
more than 10,000 documents.

Archivists have spent nearly two years cataloguing and digitizing the
collection, and an online guide was made public Tuesday at
www.auctr.edu/mlk-public/public.asp. Many of the documents are expected to be
the centerpiece of the city's Center for Civil and Human Rights, scheduled to
open in 2010.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                                  May 22, 2007

Black wanted to 'blow asses off' shareholders

LENGTH: 508 words



HIGHLIGHT: Conrad Black threatened to "blow the asses off" discontented
investors who complained of boardroom extravagance during a rancorous annual
meeting when his grip began to weaken over his Hollinger media empire.


Conrad Black threatened to "blow the asses off" discontented investors who
complained of boardroom extravagance during a rancorous annual meeting when his
grip began to weaken over his Hollinger media empire.

Jurors at Lord Black's racketeering trial heard today of the former Telegraph
owner's blank dismissal of concerns raised by institutional shareholders who
queried payments of $60m (30.4m) to senior executives in 2002.

In a series of memos to colleagues, Lord Black bemoaned that an "epidemic of
shareholder idiocy" was occupying his time, adding: "Much as I would just like
to blow their asses off, I don't want a sour atmosphere at the shareholders'
meeting."

For the first time in the two-month trial, the jury heard the fallen press
baron's distinctive baritone as prosecutors played a tape of him fielding
hostile questions at the annual meeting.

"You're not dealing with greed here and you're not dealing with sneakiness," the
peer told Omega Advisers' chief executive, Lee Cooperman, in response to a
question.

Following representations from the defence, the judge barred US government
lawyers from playing another extract in which the New York money manager, Edward
Shufro, accused Lord Black of being a thief.

In the disbarred section of the tape, Lord Black replied: "See your shares and
get out...if you think I'm a thief, go. I'm not going anywhere."

Hollinger's former head of investor relations, Paul Healy, is in the witness
stand at the trial in Chicago, where Lord Black faces 17 counts of fraud, money
laundering, tax evasion and obstruction of justice. Mr Healy testified that Lord
Black failed to tell independent directors that investors were raising concerns
about the amount of money flowing to senior executives.

Under questioning from prosecution lawyers, Mr Healy said he had tried to
intervene by getting word to non-executives including the former Illinois
governor James Thompson but that Lord Black became "very angry", accusing him of
overstepping his authority.

"He said that I had overstepped my bounds, that 'this is my company. I am the
controlling shareholder and I'll decide what the governor needs to know and
when'," said Mr Healy.

In an email shown to the jury, Lord Black compared himself to two Shakespearean
characters in a single sentence: "All that I said about this in the past four
years will come to pass, and the drama will change from King Lear to Julius
Caesar (minus the last act, one dares to hope)."

Mr Healy testified that at one meeting with prospective investors, Lord Black
was quizzed about the need for Hollinger to have a corporate jet.

According to Mr Healy, the investors chose not to buy shares after Lord Black
flippantly replied: "I can have a 747 if I want."

The jury also heard accusations that Lord Black used the pseudonym "enspector"
to post a message on the Yahoo! website urging traders to buy Hollinger shares -
an alleged breach of regulations for company directors.

When Mr Healy urged against this course of action, Lord Black wrote a note
urging him: "Don't be so strait-laced."

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright  2007  Guardian Unlimited (© Guardian Newspapers Limited)
                              All rights reserved


                              901 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                                December 5, 2003

Hollinger executive 'misled' firm's counsel

BYLINE: (Financial Times Service)

SECTION: CITY EDITION; BUSINESS AND FINANCE; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 244 words


Lord Black's deputy at Hollinger International arranged $ 9.5 million (E7.86
million) in tax-free payments to himself, Lord Black and two others by
incorrectly telling the company's general counsel the money had been cleared by
the board, investigators have been told.

Mr David Radler, who until last month was the newspaper publisher's chief
operating officer, was paid about $ 4.3 million of the $ 9.5 million in 2000.

The money was the largest tranche of $ 15.6 million in payments to the four
executives that the company recently admitted had not been approved. Lord Black,
who stepped down as chief executive last month, also received about $ 4.3
million of the $ 9.5 million.

The money was tax-free because it was styled as "non-compete" payments, which
qualify for tax breaks under Canadian law.

Several buyers of Hollinger titles paid non-competes to prevent the group and,
in some cases, individual executives, from competing with them.

The $ 9.5 million related to the sale of Hollinger newspapers to Community
Newspaper Holdings Inc (CNHI) in Alabama for about $ 98 million, but several
people close to the investigations say the acquiring company had at no stage
requested non-compete arrangements.

Mr Mark Kipnis, Hollinger's general counsel at the time who also quit the
company last month, has told investigators he arranged the $ 9.5 million after
Mr Radler incorrectly told him the non-compete had been approved.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2003 The Irish Times


                              902 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 9, 1991, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Preacher and Ex-House Whip Enjoys New Pulpit

BYLINE: By ANTHONY DePALMA

SECTION: Section B; Page 9; Column 1; National Desk; Education Page

LENGTH: 1024 words


Since he formally took over as president of the United Negro College Fund last
month, William H. Gray 3d, the former majority whip of the House of
Representatives and the highest-ranking elected black official in the country,
has made it clear that he intends to raise issues about education along with
raising money for historically black colleges.

While his predecessors were careful to stay above the political fray for fear of
offending donors, Mr. Gray has waded right in, criticizing current educational
policies and suggesting remedies. At a national education conference in Atlanta
this week he accused the Bush Administration of applying a double standard to
historically black colleges. He has met with dozens of corporate leaders and
foundation heads, challenging them to do more to improve the nation's
educational system.

"Whether I'm talking to somebody on welfare or talking to the C.E.O. of a major
corporation, people are concerned that they're hearing a lot about education but
they're seeing very little action," Mr. Gray said. "It's as if people believe we
can have major educational change without committing any major resources.
There's tremendous frustration building up."

For Mr. Gray, the United Negro College Fund is more than a respected,
47-year-old organization that raises money for black colleges and universities.
It is a pulpit from which to fire debate about the enormous consequences of
educating the young, especially those from minorities who, by the year 2000,
will make up one-third of the work force in the United States.

Preaching and Prodding

Speaking from the pulpit comes naturally for Mr. Gray, who has been pastor of
the Bright Hope Baptist Church in Philadelphia since 1972. He intends to
continue serving as pastor, the same position filled by his father and, before
that, his grandfather, and prodding what he sees as a sometimes reluctant
America to return to higher ideals.

"Nobody likes ideals better than this preacher," Mr. Gray said in an interview
in his office. "I look forward to the day when the lion and the lamb will lie
together. But until that day comes, we as a society better try to do something
to make sure that we've got lions and lambs left."

Mr. Gray's career move still puzzles many people. Now 49 years old, he was the
third most powerful member of the House, and was in line to become Speaker. His
decision to forfeit that power prompted speculation that he was leaving to make
more money or that he was the target of a Justice Department investigation.

He vigorously denied such speculation. His salary at the fund is $175,000, a
healthy increase over the $130,000 he earned as majority whip but substantially
less than the $300,000 to $500,000 his new salary was said to be in some news
accounts. He also will be free to join corporate boards, which would add to his
income.

Mr. Gray said there was nothing behind his move except a desire to help young
people, especially the 50,000 minority students enrolled in black colleges.

"My concept of power is different from other people's," he said. "I come from a
background of ministry and education in which power is the ability to impact on
people's lives."

Education has been the Gray family business. Mr. Gray's father was president at
two historically black colleges, and his mother was dean of students at another.
He said that, to him, running the United Negro College Fund was more important
than serving in a Congress that, in his eyes, has been enfeebled by spending
cuts and conservative social views.

"With the changing scene in America," he said, "education might be the only
equalizer for the disadvantaged."

Mr. Gray's biggest and most immediate challenge will be completing the drive to
raise $250 million in capital funds. Walter H. Annenberg, the former publisher
and Ambassador to Britain, has pledged $50 million if the organization can raise
$200 million more before the end of next year.

Confidence and Vigor

Doing so will mean raising $8 million a month between now and December 1992, a
daunting task, but one that Mr. Gray expects to complete.

The presidents of the historically black colleges, who met with Mr. Gray
recently, share his confidence. "We were excited by the manner in which he is
actively jumping into the fray," said Robert L. Albright, president of Johnson
C. Smith University in Charlotte, N.C.

While raising money is taking up half his time, Mr. Gray continues to speak out
on education issues. His 12 years in Congress and his ministerial background
amplify his voice in a way that makes him difficult to ignore.

"He brings a lot of clout," said Ed Wiley 3d, assistant managing editor of Black
Issues in Higher Education, a journal published in Washington. "Everybody is
going to expect Bill Gray to be the one who comes right out there and says,
'This is what the implications are going to be on this thing.' "

Mr. Gray is not shy about offering opinions. At several public conferences he
criticized officials in the Bush Administration for pressing a Justice
Department case opposing separate money for black public colleges in the South.
But he also noted that President Bush has supported the United Negro College
Fund since 1948, even donating half the royalties from his 1988 campaign book,
"Looking Forward," to the fund.

Some think Mr. Gray's switch from a position of power in Congress to one of
limited power in a not-for-profit organization may present some difficulties for
him.

"He commanded unusual respect as a Congressman, and now he is in a situation
where he in effect works for the presidents of the colleges," said Dr. Albright
of Johnson C. Smith University.

But others think the job Mr. Gray has now suits him well.

"He is a very religious man," said Donald M. Stewart, president of the College
Board and former president of Spelman College in Atlanta. "He'll continue his
role as pastor of the Bright Hope Baptist Church in Philadelphia, and he'll use
that pulpit and the U.N.C.F. pulpit as places to speak out on the same issues of
social justice and equal opportunity that he raised before in Congress."

NAME: William H. Gray 3d

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: William H. Gray 3d in his new United Negro College Fund office.
(John Sotomayor/The New York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              903 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 12, 2016 Tuesday

Bay Area venture money soars while deals slide, report says

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 363 words


The most money since the dot-com era was invested in Bay Area startups last
year, despite a fourth quarter slowdown, according to a new study .

Investors pumped $33.9 billion into Bay Area startups in 1,963 deals, according
to the Seattle-based private capital market research firm Pitchbook , which
released a report Tuesday. But the number of deals was sharply down from the
2,534 deals in 2014, and was closer to the number in 2012.

Still, cthings arenct down terriblyc despite the fourth quarter drop in the
number of deals, said Garrett Black, an analyst with Pitchbook. cItcs more of a
pullback than a retreat.c

The Bay Area had 26.9 percent of total global venture money invested and 15.9
percent of all global deals, Pitchbook reported. Software led the pack with
$18.2 billion invested and 956 deals, followed by commercial services with $2.1
billion invested and 185 deals.

Deals with the highest valuations included Uber, Airbnb, Palantir Technologies
and Pinterest.

During the year, 24 companies became unicorns   private startups worth $1
billion or more   Black said.

The hottest are those that are ccapitalizing on massive proliferation of
mobile,c he said.

Traditional venture investors like Andreessen Horowitz were joined by corporate
venture funds and even hedge funds clooking to invest in fast-growing companies
to difersify their portfolios,c Black said.

These investors can afford to wait, he said, making a bubble that pops with a
bang less likely. cEven if some of these unicorns are getting ilittle bit
overheated, itcll be a softening more than a crash,c Black predicted.

The increasing activity in late stage venture investing helped prop up late
stage valuations, he said.

cMore money is going to fewer companies,c he said.

cMost likely, investors are getting a little more cautious.c Startups that have
collected major amounts of financing are getting even more, as investors become
more wary and bet on what look like sure things.

cItcs a winner-take all phenomenon, with more dollars flowing to fewer
companies,c Black said.

Photo: Graphic (Mercury News Archives)

The post Bay Area venture money soars while deals slide, report says appeared
first on SiliconBeat .

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              904 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                            April 12, 2006 Wednesday

Police Beat

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 996  words


BROOKLYN PARK

Bank robbery foiled

A woman robbed a Brooklyn Park bank Saturday morning, but had to throw away the
cash when a dye pack exploded during her getaway, county police said.

The woman walked into the Provident Bank at 5400 Ritchie Highway at 9:43 a.m.
and slipped a teller a note demanding money. The teller handed over an
undisclosed amount of cash and the woman ran away.

Police said she got into a waiting dark green Ford Tempo in the parking lot. Two
black men were in the car. The dye pack exploded in the car, and the three
tossed it and the money out the window.

Police described the woman as white, 5 feet 4 inches tall and 180 pounds. She
was wearing camouflage pants, a black hooded sweatshirt, a black hat Aid on her
chin.

CROFTON

Golf cart stripped

Someone stole four rims and tires off a Crofton Country Club golf cart, county
police said.

The 2004 E-Z-Go golf cart was parked overnight March 31 near a maintenance shed
at 1751 Swinburne Ave. The thief had to jump a fence to get to the golf cart.
Total loss was about $700.

GLEN BURNIE

Nunchuck attack

A 42-year-old Glen Burnie man was taken to Baltimore Washington Medical Center
Wednesday morning after a man attacked him with a set of nunchucks, county
police said.

Kevin Edward Glaze was treated and released for a bruise to his head and a cut
to his leg. He said he fell on an unknown sharp object, cutting his leg.

No charges have been filed, but police have interviewed the man Mr. Glaze
identified as his assailant. The man denied owning a pair of nunchucks, a pair
of hardwood clubs attached by a cord or chain and used in martial arts.

Mr. Glaze called police around 1:50 a.m. to report the attack, but a wrong
address was entered into the system. The dispatcher called the number back
several times, but the man who answered the phone refused to cooperate and
repeatedly hung up the phone.

Almost four hours later, medics were called to Mr. Glaze's home to treat his
injuries.

Drug charges

Two men were slapped with multiple drug charges Thursday after police raided
their Glen Burnie hotel room.

Following a monthlong investigation, police went to Room 7 at the Forest Motel,
1418 Crain Highway, at 10:30 p.m. and found 8.59 grams of crack cocaine, 4.3
grams of marijuana and $218.

They arrested Michael James Freburger, 28, of 772 203rd St., in Pasadena and
Timothy Michael Reed, 23, no fixed address. The men were charged with possession
with intent to distribute crack cocaine and possession of crack cocaine,
marijuana and drug paraphernalia.

Charges are pending against two women.

Cinematic swipe

Someone stole 12 "Chronicles of Narnia" DVDs from a Glen Burnie video store
Thursday, county police said.

A 1:40 p.m., a white man walked into the Blockbuster video store at 1811 Crain
Highway and shoved the DVDs into his pants. He then walked out of the store
without paying for the DVDs, leaving the area on a bicycle, police said.

Dollar store robbed

County police last night were still searching for a man who robbed a Family
Dollar store Saturday night.

A cashier told police the man walked into the store, located at 7546 Ritchie
Highway, about 8 p.m. The man, who was carrying a silver handgun, demanded the
money the cashier was counting at the time and asked if there was a way out. The
cashier handed over money from the drawer and let the suspect out the rear door.

The cashier described the suspect as a black man weighing 130 pounds. He wore a
black hooded sweatshirt, a black bandanna over his face, black gloves and dark
glasses with silver frames.

Store robbed

A man who implied he had a gun robbed a Glen Burnie convenience store Sunday
morning, county police said.

A employee at High's, 7600 Baltimore Annapolis Blvd., told police the man walked
into the store about 6 a.m., approached the clerk and demanded money. The man
made references to a gun but never produced one, police said. The clerk opened
the drawer and suspect took cash out of the drawer before leaving the store.

The clerk described the suspect as a black man who wore a light blue hooded
sweatshirt, a knit hat and blue jeans. He left in a small black car. The license
plates were covered by a towel.

ODENTON

Man shot

Someone repeatedly shot a 33-year-old man though a fence early Saturday in
Odenton, county police said.

Leon Harris, 33, of the 8300 block of Telegraph Road in Odenton, suffered
gunshot wounds to his legs. He was treated at the Shock-Trauma Center at
University Hospital in Baltimore and released Monday.

Police said he was talking with some friends just before 1 a.m. near 1676
Annapolis Road, near a fence, when he was shot. The gunman approached unseen
from the other side of the fence and ran away after the shooting.

PASADENA

Windows shot out

Someone shot out the windows of a truck on Woodholme Circle Sunday night, county
police said.

The victim told police he heard gunshots in front of his house at 1 a.m. Sunday
morning, . He went outside to inspect his yard and home and didn't see anything.

He didn't notice five bullet holes in his truck until 8 a.m., when he walked
outside in the daylight. Four shots went through the rear window and three
exited the front windshield. One bullet was found lodged in the driver's
headrest.

DRUG and CRIME LINES

Illegal activity

Anyone with information about illegal drug activity in Anne Arundel County can
call the countywide drug hotline at 800-752-DRUG.

The answering machine is in operation 24 hours a day. Anonymity is honored.

The Northern District police station has a hotline and asks that anyone with
information about a crime call 410-222-6139.

The Northern District covers Brooklyn Park and Glen Burnie, but police will take
information on crimes in any area.

The hotline for the Eastern District police station, covering Pasadena, Severna
Park, Arnold and part of Glen Burnie, is 410-766-7892.

The Western District police station also has a hotline. Anyone with information
about a crime can call and leave a message at 410-674-6613.

You don't have to leave your name to call.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday
                                  WEB Edition

DN letters: Time to rage about gun violence is when it happens

SECTION: WEB; P-com Letters; Pg. 999

LENGTH: 529 words


CHRISTINE FLOWERS wrote in the wake of the Orlando shootings: "What happened to
the days when deaths were mourned, and fingers pointed afterwards when the heat
of anger and despair had cooled to the equally painful but more manageable state
of sad clarity?"

OK, ma'am, pray tell. When is the right time to point fingers, investigate,
question or assign blame? The day after? A week later? A month from now? Or the
day before the next incident? Assuming your crystal ball is not too foggy.

The next event is, sadly, just over the horizon. We know it is coming, just not
sure when. Tackle the issue now when it is fresh in the minds of all and at the
peak of rage.

Also, suggesting the media are chomping at the bit for the next sensational
story is not fair, either.

Flowers wasted no time in using the incident for an instant opinion piece. Hurry
and write the next one or just revise the last few you've written on the same
subject.

Jaime Reyes

Philadelphia

---

The homosexual community has called a lot of attention to its issues, and has
prevailed. But to say the killing of 55 gays in Orlando is the worst killing in
history is an utter disservice to the multitude of innocent blacks who have been
massacred in the United States, such as the 100 black people clubbed and burned
to death in the East St. Louis race war in 1917, lynching of 237 black people in
Arkansas in 1919, and dozens who died in the race war in Tulsa in 1921.

The news media owe us an apology for overlooking the senseless murders of
innocent black people.

Sabin Rich

Sicklerville, N.J. Taxing junk food

It's interesting how worked up folks get whenever there's talk of taxing their
junk food. It's also interesting the periodic concern Big Business has for
small-business owners. They know this sugary-drink tax doesn't affect someone
who owns a corner store in a poor neighborhood as much as it will probably wind
up hurting Coca-Cola and others down the line.

How much money is enough to Coke, etc.? Besides, they've done more than enough
of damage to the health of millions of people with their toxic garbage they hawk
all over the media 24 hours a day for me to care how their bottom line will be
affected. And that's all the offense about this bill has been about - money.

As for the city making money from this stuff: I'd rather see money go to this
city, where I live, work and play than to a multinational corporation that cares
for nothing but expanding its bottom line.

What's laughable are the large amounts of city residents who actually believe
this tax is a bad thing. They don't want to pay a cent more for their bottles of
high fructose corn syrup.

There is plenty of information available proving that soda, "energy drinks" and
the like have wrecked havoc on human health. These beverages have been
scientifically proven (by scientists with no ties to Big Food) to be a major
contributor to myriad health problems that have become major problems in recent
years and have strained healthcare systems worldwide.

In the end, I hope City Council does the right thing for once and votes this tax
through - and I hope the tax is worse than what's been proposed.

Donna DiGiacomo

Philadelphia


LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: MySpace via AP, File

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               August 09, 2000, Wednesday, 3 Early Tampa Edition

Black's arraignment set for today, maybe

SOURCE: Compiled from Times Wires

SECTION: SPORTS; DIGEST; FANFARE; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 1046 words



Sports agent Tank Black faces arraignment in federal court today on charges he
was part of a multimillion dollar drug ring.

Black is scheduled to appear in U.S. District Court before Judge Lawrence
Zatkoff, said Gina Vitrano, spokeswoman for the U.S. Attorney's office in
Detroit.

However, the status of the hearing is somewhat in question because it depends on
when U.S. marshals deliver Black to Michigan, Vitrano said. Also, Black's
Florida lawyer, Joseph Beeler, would need to get to Detroit on time, Vitrano
said.

Beeler did not immediately return a telephone message Tuesday.

"It depends on the airlift and a lot of other things," Vitrano said. "We're not
100 percent he'll be here. It's up in the air. We have to make sure the marshals
get him here and his attorneys get here."

The hearing could be rescheduled for Thursday, Vitrano said. The uncertainty
isn't unusual, she said.

This month, a Michigan grand jury indicted Black, his business partner Linda
Wilson and several others on money laundering and drug charges.

The former sports agent, who owned a travel agency in Columbia, S.C., also faces
charges in Louisiana and Florida.

CYCLING: Forty-five percent of special government drug tests at the Tour de
France came back positive, but the French federation said almost all its riders
who failed had medical reasons for using banned substances. The International
Cycling Union last week found no positive results stemming from last month's
race, which was won for a second straight year by Lance Armstrong. The
international body's results already had taken into account the riders' medical
files. The French government's Council to Prevent and Fight Doping said the
riders' medical files will be analyzed to see whether cyclists testing positive
were authorized to use drugs to treat health problems during the 23-day race.

TENNIS: Pete Sampras beat Mariano Zabaleta 6-4, 6-2 at the Tennis Masters
Series-Cincinnati in Mason, Ohio, in his first first-round match at the
tournament since 1990, when the tournament was called the ATP Championship.
Younes El Aynaoui, the 14th-seed, withdrew with inflammation in his left foot.
He was replaced by qualifier Andrea Gaudenzi, who upset Albert Costa 6-3, 3-6,
6-1. Sixth-seeded Alex Corretja, who had an 11-match winning streak, was upset
by Jonas Bjorkman 6-4, 6-4, and Todd Martin beat 11th-seeded Nicolas Kiefer 6-2,
6-2. No. 7 seed Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario advanced to the second round of the
estyle.com Classic in Manhattan Beach, Calif., by beating Barbara Schett 6-4,
6-1. Sixth seed Nathalie Tauziat lost to qualifier Daja Bedanova in straight
sets. No. 8 seed Sandrine Testud, Dominique Van Roost, Tamarine Tanasugarn and
Amy Frazier advanced. Third-seeded Monica Seles dropped out with a left forearm
strain. She was replaced by Bradenton's Kristina Brandi...Defending champion
Serena Williams needed 38 minutes to beat Ruxandra Dragomir 6-0, 6-1 in the
first round of the estyle.com Classic in Manhattan Beach, Calif. Sixth seed
Nathalie Tauziat lost to qualifier Daja Bedanova in straight sets. No. 7 seed
Arantxa Sanchez-Vicario, No. 8 seed Sandrine Testud, Dominique Van Roost,
Tamarine Tanasugarn and Amy Frazier advanced. Third-seeded Monica Seles dropped
out with a left forearm strain. She was replaced by Bradenton's Kristina Brandi.
Stacia Fonseca of Lutz advanced to the round of 16 at the USTA Girls 14 National
Championships in College Park, Ga. when ninth-seeded Nicole Beck retired with an
ear infection trailing 6-3, 2-1.

GOLF: John Cook made a 6-foot birdie putt on the first playoff hole to win the
Fred Meyer Challenge with Mark O'Meara for the second time. Fred Couples won the
Export A Skins Game in Vernon, British Columbia, with a total of $ 135,000, the
fifth time in the past eight years he has won the event. Jean Van de Velde, who
finished second in the 1999 British Open in a spectacular collapse, has
committed to the Tampa Bay Classic scheduled for Oct. 18-22 at the Westin
Innisbrook Resort in Palm Harbor. Tiger Woods will defend his title this month
at the NEC Invitational, where he began his streak of six victories in PGA Tour
events. The tournament is scheduled for Aug. 21-27 in Akron, Ohio. Matt Genchi
of Jupiter shot 2-over 73 to take a two-shot lead heading into the final round
of the AJGA Tampa Bay Classic in Tarpon Springs. Brittany Lincicome of Pinellas
Park shot 74 to retain the lead in the girls division...Leigh Anne Hardin
birdied her final hole to clinch medalist honors at the U.S. Women's Amateur at
Waverley Country Club in Portland, Ore.

HOCKEY: YankeeNets LLC said it has sold enough limited partnerships in the New
Jersey Devils to buy the team for $ 175-million by Aug. 31, current owner John
McMullen's final deadline for the transaction to be completed. The Edmonton
Oilers re-signed center Todd Marchant to a two-year, $ 2.7-million contract. The
Dallas Stars re-signed forward Jere Lehtinen to a four-year contract. The
Calgary Flames hired former team captain Brad McCrimmon as an assistant under
new coach Don Hay.

TRACK: Allen Johnson, undaunted by the rain, won the men's 110 hurdles for the
fourth time at the Gugl Grand Prix in Linz, Austria, finishing in 13.15 seconds.

SOFTBALL: The Florida Wahoos completed a three-game sweep with a 3-1 win over
the Tampa Bay FireStix at Plant City Stadium in Women's Pro League play.

COLLEGES: Ohio State's basketball team is scheduled to play Florida State on
Nov. 23 in the opening round of the eight-team Great Alaska Shootout in
Anchorage. Rollins hired Julie Garner as women's golf coach, replacing Marla
Weeks. Rutgers named Cincinnati basketball assistant coach Rod Baker as
associate head coach and Bruce Dunfee as director of men's basketball
operations. Amy Deem, women's track coach at Miami the past 10 years, was hired
for that position at Clemson.

SOCCER: German club Hamburg beat host Denmark's Brondby 2-0 in the first leg of
the third and final qualification round of the European Champions League. The
German club needs only to avoid defeat by more than one goal in the home leg
Aug. 22 to qualify for one of the eight groups in the first phase of the
Champions League, the most prestigious club competition in Europe.

- Compiled from Times wires.


LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, Associated Press; FEELING STRONG NOW: St.
Petersburg's Jeff Lacy, an Olympic team middleweight, works out in New York.

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2000 Times Publishing Company


                              907 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 3, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Helms Seeks Law to Restrict Gay Groups in Government

BYLINE: By STEVEN A. HOLMES,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B;  Page 9;  Column 5;  National Desk

LENGTH: 684 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 2


Senator Jesse Helms has introduced legislation that could limit the ability of
homosexuals who work for the Federal Government to form employee associations.

The measure, introduced last month by Senator Helms, a North Carolina
Republican, would ban the spending of Federal money to promote or carry out any
program for Government employees that "would compel, instruct, encourage, urge
or persuade employees or officials to embrace, accept, condone or celebrate
homosexuality as a legitimate or normal life style."

Supporters of gay rights say the measure, which they call the first such bill to
be introduced in the new Republican-controlled Congress, would sharply curtail
the activities of groups made up of gay or lesbian Federal employees.

These organizations, which exist in 22 Federal agencies, as well as among
Congressional staffs, do not receive Federal money now, although in the past
some have.

But leaders of these groups say the measure, if enacted, could bar them from
meeting in Federal offices, using interoffice mail for communications or posting
notices on bulletin boards. Such things are currently permitted for other
groups, including black or Hispanic employee organizations, as well as personal
clubs like Weight Watchers.

In January the Republican majority in the House barred lawmakers from spending
any of their office money on space and staff for various legislative caucuses,
including the Congressional Black Caucus and the Women's Caucus. But the Helms
measure is the first to try to halt any Federal support for groups formed by
civil service employees of political appointees.

"As a gay staffer, I am greatly threatened by something like this," said Robert
Raben, a staff member of Representative Barney Frank, a Massachusetts Democrat
and one of the few members of Congress who is homosexual. "It is the only
legislation that I can think of that is targeted at a group of people, and it's
frightening to see the machinery of the legislature geared up against me as a
gay man."

So far the measure has not attracted any co-sponsors, and it is doubtful that
the Senate will consider the bill any time soon because Republican leaders say
they first want to pass measures that are part of the Contract With America, the
party's political manifesto, in the first 100 days of the new Congress.

Still, last July the Senate approved a similarly worded amendment to the
Department of Agriculture's appropriations bill by a vote of 92 to 8, although
it was later dropped in a House-Senate conference. And the reluctance of
Congress two years ago to allow homosexuals to serve in the armed forces was
indicative of the tenuous support that gay rights has on Capital Hill.

Leaders of gay rights groups say the amendment was able to garner support last
year because it included language barring the use of Federal funds to recruit
homosexuals for employment in the Federal Government. Voting against such
language would open lawmakers to the charge that they are willing to support
affirmative action programs for homosexuals, something that even some gay rights
advocates acknowledge would be politically unpopular.

"If you read the provisions, they are repulsive, but brilliant," said Leonard
Hirsch, president of the Federal Gay, Lesbian and Bisexual Employees
organization who works at the Smithsonian Institution. "They set up opponents
for attack ads in the next campaign. If someone votes for them, in the next
campaign they can be accused of voting for homosexuality in the Government."

In a statement he entered into the Congressional Record on Jan. 4, Senator Helms
said he was introducing the measure to save taxpayer dollars and because "the
Clinton Administration has conducted a concerted effort to give homosexual
rights, privileges and protections throughout the Federal agencies -- to extend
to the homosexuals special rights in the Federal workplace, rights not accorded
to most other groups or individuals."

Mr. Helms did not specify what rights were being granted to homosexuals that
were not available to other Federal employees or groups.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              908 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 24, 1998, Thursday, Final Edition

Legislator Pushes Plan For Car Tags; Antiabortion Activists Back Plates' Message

Justin Blum, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. V03

LENGTH: 572 words


Del. Richard H. Black (R-Loudoun) has begun rallying support for his proposal
that the state issue specialty license plates that would say "Choose Life" and
generate money for groups that help pregnant women who want to put their babies
up for adoption.

Flanked by nearly two dozen children and a group of antiabortion activists,
Black and other advocates of the license plates held a news conference Tuesday
in Reston to encourage support for the proposal.

Black has introduced legislation in the General Assembly that would allow the
state to issue the plates -- along with the 150 other specialty plates offered
by the Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles. Legislators will consider the
measure in the legislative session that begins next month.

"The Choose Life tags pay for adoptions, and they encourage expectant mothers to
give the gift of life, the greatest gift of all," Black told the cheering
audience. "Sometimes we hear people claim that they want abortion to be safe,
legal and rare. Well, let's do something to reduce these tragic abortions, and
let's begin to make them rare."

Supporters of the measure -- including the Christian Coalition, the American
Life League, the Northern Virginia Republican Political Action Committee and the
National Clergy Council -- plan to organize petition drives and set up toll free
phone lines for calling legislators.

Black got the idea for the license plates from legislators in Florida. Earlier
this year, that state's legislature approved a similar measure, which was vetoed
by the late governor Lawton Chiles (D), who argued that political messages
should not be allowed on license plates.

In Virginia, opposition already is lining up against Black's bill among some
legislators, abortion rights advocates and civil libertarians. Opponents argue
that license plates should not become politicized and that it would be unfair to
put one side of the debate's message on a plate and not the other's.

"It would put the state in a position of using an official medium to advocate a
particular point of view on a very controversial subject," said Sen. Joseph V.
Gartlan Jr. (D-Fairfax), adding that he considers himself "pro-life."

"I just don't think that's the right way to utilize the license plate," Gartlan
said.

A representative of the Virginia chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union
said it would be unconstitutional to allow the antiabortion message and not an
abortion rights message. Black said abortion rights advocates could propose
their own license plates.

"Any time that we as a culture, we as a people, support the value of human life,
we raise up our civilization, and it becomes a greater civilization," Black said
at the news conference. The proposed plates feature the words "Choose Life" with
images in crayon of the heads of a boy and girl.

The state would charge an additional $ 25 for the plates and would begin sharing
the money with nonprofit groups in Virginia that offer counseling and other
services for "pregnant women who are committed to placing their children for
adoption," according to the proposal. The measure would prohibit money from
going to groups that are involved with abortion, including those that provide
counseling for or referrals to abortion clinics. Children appear at a news
conference Tuesday with Del. Richard H. Black (R-Loudoun) as he points to a
rendering of his proposed license plate.


NAME: RICHARD H. BLACK

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHC,,MARK FINKENSTAEDT FOR TWP

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              909 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                         The Evening Standard (London)

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday

JUDGMENT DAY for the millionaire wannabe-billionaire;
As the Conrad Black fraud trial opens in the US, a senior ex-Telegraph
journalist looks at the charges that brought his former proprietor to a Chicago
court room

BYLINE: NEIL COLLINS

SECTION: A MERGE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 2008 words


THE story starts in the unlikely setting of a bar in Tokyo, perhaps the only one
in Japan run by an Englishman for Japanese customers. I'm sitting with Robert
Whymant, the Daily Telegraph's Tokyo correspondent, waiting for Conrad Black.
Waiting is a familiar experience for anyone who knows him; he works on Black
time, which means that while he's never in a hurry, he's invariably late.

Perhaps tomorrow in Chicago he will break the habit and get to the court on
time. Since it's the trial of his life, it would be a good start.

Eventually, the great man breezes in. If you don't mind bombast, interminable
(but perfectly syntactic) sentences, and are prepared to answer back, he's good
company. We pass an entertaining evening drinking sake and eating deepfried frog
(the way one does). This was Conrad Black the First, the brilliant newspaper
proprietor who bought an ailing newspaper business that nobody else would touch,
allowed his new chief executive, Andrew Knight, to make all the top
appointments, and watched from afar while two further capital injections were
needed to restore a bankrupt company to financial stability. The value created
in the Telegraph became apparent three years ago when, even in a forced sale, it
fetched 10 times its cost price.

Alas, it is Conrad Black the Second who is in the dock in the US District Court
Northern District of Illinois. If he is found guilty of the major charges he
faces, he could die in jail. Along with four of his lieutenants, he faces 17
counts of fraud, money laundering, obstruction of justice, racketeering and tax
evasion.

The United States government has fired its biggest guns, and everyone else
concerned with this extraordinary case has come out with their hands up. Even
Ravelston, the private company at the top of the Black pyramid, has sued for
peace and agreed to pay a fine.

Conrad remains as bellicose and defiant as ever. Only last week he was writing
to the Financial Times, alluding in passing to his little local difficulty, and
promising that it would all be resolved in his favour before the summer was out.
He denies everything, and it would be a terrible disappointment (as well as
being completely out of character) were he to run up the white flag and start
plea-bargaining at the eleventh hour.

So why Conrad the Second? His company, Hollinger International, owned the
Telegraph titles for nearly two decades; I was City editor of the Daily
Telegraph throughout. In the first decade he was, the majority of us former
employees agree, about as good a proprietor as you're likely to find in the real
world. He took issue with things we wrote, of course, and there were plenty of
rows about politics, as Max Hastings chronicles in Editor, the story of his
decade in charge, but he's the only proprietor to write letters of complaint for
publication in his own newspaper.

I fear it all started to go wrong when Conrad fell in love with Barbara Amiel,
money and power, probably in that order.

Cherchez la femme, as they say in all the best crime novels. The impact of
Amiel's breasts as weapons of mass destruction is a recurring theme in the Case
for the Prosecution, as Tom Bower's pageturning biography of the pair has been
dubbed. Yet while the stories of lavish entertainment, the absurd claim of a $20
tip on expenses, the running costs of the vintage Roller, the flights on
Hollinger's tab, and the fiddle over the New York apartment are great fun, they
are trivial compared with the (alleged) fraud at the centre of the US
government's case.

This turns on "non-compete" payments.

When a business is sold, the vendors frequently promise not to start again;
after all, they may retain considerable knowledge and expertise which they could
use against the new owner. If the vendor is a company, the non-compete payments
are generally made to it, as the owner of the asset being sold.

In 1998, after 12 years of trying, with his empire up to the gunwales in debt,
Black abandoned his ambition to compete with Rupert Murdoch across the world and
decided to break up Hollinger International. Over the following three years, six
sales of US newspaper groups realised more than $800 million. Each sale
contained non-compete clauses, but instead of paying the money to Hollinger
International, Black arranged for money to be paid up the chain of companies he
controlled, but did not fully own.

Last month's pre-trial memorandum from Amy J St Eve, the District Court Judge,
explained the mechanism: "[The buyer] was no worse off the noncompetition
payment was the same.

The end result, however, yielded a significant personal gain to Defendant Black.
By virtue of his ownership interests in Hollinger International, Hollinger Inc
and Ravelston, Black could gain an increased share of earnings merely by
transferring money between companies.

"For example, if $100 was transferred from International to Inc, Black would net
$36 because Black owns 15 per cent of International and 51 per cent of Inc. For
every $100 transferred from International to Ravelston Black loses $15 but gains
$65, for a personal net gain of $50."

The non-compete fee in Hollinger International's sale of Community Newspaper
Holdings in late 1998 was set at $50 million, of which $12 million was paid up
to Hollinger Inc, giving Black a $6.3 million gain. Since Hollinger Inc was a
skeleton company whose only significant asset was its holding in Hollinger
International, the idea of it being able to compete with the purchaser of the
newspaper assets was risible.

There's another bonus for the plotters: under a quirk of Canadian law,
non-compete payments escape income tax. A nice little earner, indeed.

BY THAT time, Black needed the money. He had become the first newspaper baron to
trade his first wife in for an older model, and Amiel proved to be a
high-maintenance girl.

This is the central tragedy in the story.

By the standards of almost everyone on the planet, Hollinger would have produced
more than enough income for a spectacular lifestyle without the need for
financial shenanigans.

Unfortunately, the pair were millionaires in the billionaires' playground.

The need for money, in vast quantities, was neverending.

The non-compete payments became progressively more brazen and, according to the
court documents, the paperwork became ever more casual and incomplete.

The quarterly financial figures which Hollinger International produced to meet
the listing requirements of the New York Stock Exchange were always faxed to me,
as City Editor of the Telegraph. Every three months I struggled to make sense of
the morass of exceptional and extraordinary items, restatement of prior period
profits and accounting adjustments, couched in impenetrable prose. I invariably
ended up writing a single paragraph which was almost devoid of meaning.

If we had had world enough and time, we in the financial press would have made
proper inquiries, seen the pyramid for what it was, and challenged the producers
of this financial gobbledegook. The Telegraph itself was a clean operation,
albeit one whose big profits around the turn of the century were not reinvested,
while Hollinger International was a New York-listed business of no direct
interest to British readers. Besides, even the bravest financial journalist
needs an instinct for survival, and a forensic analysis of the proprietor's
balance-sheet is a recipe for professional suicide-Perhaps, under the
Telegraph's new owners, my successors would like to prove me wrong.

Other critics were put off by Black's enthusiasm for reaching for his lawyers.

His reaction to the Bower book was typical: the author was "psychiatrically
maladjusted, unrelievedly odious, in fact evil and devoid of any redeeming or
even mitigating qualities". He followed up the broadside with a libel suit. In
the highly unlikely event of it ever getting to court, it will make a great
show.

FOR all the forensic analysis in the book about Black's financial dealings, its
greatest contribution is the insight into what makes Conrad run. Like Jeffrey
Archer and Robert Maxwell, he has an ability constantly to reinvent the past -
suitably enough for an historian. It hardly takes a maladjusted psychiatrist to
pin at least some of the blame for this condition on a miserable upbringing,
culminating in the messy, alcohol-fuelled death of his father when Conrad was
32.

For the trial, Black has invented the greedy innocent. His defence, according
the court papers, will be that, yes, we did all these things, but so what? We're
not running a charity here; the payments were merely the appropriate reward for
entrepreneurial activity. The shareholders should be grateful for what they've
had.

Everything was approved by the board, and if the directors behaved as mere
ornaments, that's their problem. As grownups, they should have taken the trouble
to understand the documents before they signed them. They were paid handsomely
enough, heaven knows.

Black is not quite without friends. Mark Steyn, who combines extreme Rightwing
polemic with terrific wit and style, has laid into the man who took over from
him after Black was ousted from Hollinger.

Richard Breeden, says Steyn in this month's Macleans magazine, is on the way to
becoming the world's first corporate governance billionaire. He's been "cleaning
up" the company for $800 an hour for the past four years, and the new, shrunken
Hollinger International has seen its share price shrivel under the constant
drain of fees to Breeden Partners. Stein reckons the cost to the company of
investigating the Black years has now topped $200 million. The famous birthday
party at La Grenouille in Manhattan for Barbara cost Hollinger $42,870, and
forms part of the indictment. The sum is little more than a week's fees to
Breeden.

Unfortunately for Black, the real or imagined excesses of the regime that
followed him at Hollinger are irrelevant to the court's verdict. His defence
would look more convincing without the extraordinary smokescreens his lawyers
have tried to throw up, presumably to obscure the kernel of the case. Some of
the arguments they are trying to sustain are patently absurd, and in dismissing
the vast bulk of them the judge sometimes seems barely able to contain her
exasperation.

The challenges range from the supposed "vagueness" of the charges to "duplicity"
- not used here, as you might expect, as an indication of treachery, but to
duplication of the same charges in different indictments.

There's even a spirited attempt to claim that the alleged wire fraud took place
outside the court's jurisdiction, notwithstanding that the money was routed
through Bank One in Chicago.

While it's understandable that with so much at stake no legal stone should be
left unturned, these actions are hardly consistent with Black's oft-repeated
assertion that as soon as the jury hears his side of the story, the whole
unfortunate business will be dismissed, and he'll be free to resume his old life
- and the pursuit of those who have dared to attack him.

The prosecution, too, seems to have thrown everything they can find at him.

Rather than concentrate on a few big events, the salacious details of holidays,
parties and property transactions are all there, allowing the jury to form an
impression of a life of ease and sleaze. If the smaller excesses are in their
minds, then they may find it easier to conclude that the bigger ones were indeed
criminal.

In truth, the evidence against him looks overwhelming. The rewards for running a
big company nearly always seem pretty eye-watering to the rest of us, but the
money paid to Black and his cronies is way off the scale, even for businesses
many times the size of Hollinger. It's possible that, by a heroic stretch of the
imagination, the company's shareholders might have been persuaded they were not
playing the role of the fried frog in the Tokyo restaurant. But paying the
noncompete payments up the corporate chain is surely too much for them to
swallow.

This is not a reward for risk-taking, or excess, or greed. It's not even
skimming.

It has all the hallmarks of fraud.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (1) KEEPING UP WITH THE BILLIONAIRE JONESES: ABOVE LEFT, THE $36
MILLION BLACK HOME IN PALM BEACH, FLORIDA, ABOVE RIGHT, THE HOME IN TORONTO,
CANADA. BLACK HIMSELF WAS BORN IN MONTREAL (2) HIGH-MAINTENANCE COUPLE: BLACK
WITH JOURNALIST WIFE BARBARA AMIEL, CREDITED WITH BEING A VORACIOUS SPENDER (3)
VERY DES RES: THE BLACKS' KENSINGTON HOME, THE SETTING FOR LAVISH PARTIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 12, 2011 Friday

Police Seek Suspects in String of Westside Robberies

BYLINE: KTLA-TV, Los Angeles

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


Aug. 12--WEST LOS ANGELES -- Police have released surveillance video Friday in
hopes of catching at least three suspects responsible for recently robbing three
nearby markets in the city's Westside.

Surveillance video shows at least three suspects wearing black shirts with the
word "security" on the back.

The first robbery occured at Bob's Market at 1000 National Boulevard on the
evening of Aug 6. One of the suspects, wearing the security shirt, a ski mask,
black pants and gloves, pointed a gun at a cashier and demanded money.

A witness spotted the suspected heading south on Hughes Avenue before getting
into a black, four-door Honda driven by another suspect.

Next was the Overland Liquor store on the 3500 block of Overland Avenue around 9
p.m. on Aug 9. On this occasion, two suspects entered the store wearing the same
outfit as the first heist. One of the men, who was armed, pointed a gun at the
casher with the second suspect, who was wearing a white jacket, and demanded
money. They also stole several bottles of alcohol.

The last known robbery occured at the Trader Joe's market on the 10800 block of
National Boulevard. Three suspects, all wearing the same outfit and carrying
handguns, and taking money from the manager at gunpoint.

The first suspect is described as Black male in his early 20s, 5-feet 10-inches
tall and about 165 pounds. No suspect description of the second suspect was
released. The third suspect is described as a Black male in his early 20s,
5-feet 10-inches tall and between 160 and 180 pounds.

Anyone with information is asked to call detectives at (310) 482-6392 or (877)
LAPD-24-7. Anonymous tips cam be made by calling Crime Stoppers at
1-800-222-TIPS (8477).

To see more of KTLA-TV, go to http://www.ktla.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, KTLA-TV,
Los Angeles Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110812-5LA-Police-Seek-Suspects-in-String-of-Westside-Robberies-0812-20110812

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5LA


                                 Copyright 2011


                              911 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              July 2, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Protesters Take Over USDA Office in Tennessee;
Black Farmers Say Promised Loans Were Mishandled

BYLINE: Darryl Fears, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 784 words


Three hundred black farmers took over a U.S. Department of Agriculture regional
office in Brownsville, Tenn., yesterday to protest what organizers called the
agency's failure to process loan applications from growers who were counting on
the money to plant this year's crops.

"These farmers are still waiting for word to see if they can get money," said
Tom Burrell, a board member of the Tennessee chapter of the Black Farmers and
Agriculturalists Association, one of several groups that organized the protest.
"But now, for all intents and purposes, the planting season is over. This is
nothing but business as usual."

Authorities reported no injuries in the building's takeover, after which about
half of the farmers remained inside throughout the day. USDA officials said its
employees were sent home for the day.

"They were very nice," said Gary Grant, a North Carolina farmer and president of
the Black Farmers and Agriculturalists. "They had been very accommodating.
Typical USDA. 'We're going to be very nice to you. Here's the bathroom. Here's
the water fountain.' We didn't come to use the bathroom and the water fountain.
The men came for their money."

In 1999, the USDA settled a class action lawsuit brought by African American
farmers who said they had been denied loans by regional bureaus when white
farmers had not been. As of February, the agency had paid more than $ 615
million on slightly less than half of the 22,600 claims filed, according to
statistics posted on the agency's Web site.

Over the years, the lawsuit said, loan rejections to African American growers,
which often came under catastrophic conditions, led to massive losses,
foreclosures and, ultimately, the loss of farms. In 1920, there were 925,000
black farmers, according to USDA and Census records. Today, there are about
15,000.

"We're at a point right now where we're all but extinct," Burrell said. "This is
the last stand for black farmers. If we don't get a victory in the next six
months, it's curtains for the black farmer. This is all a part of a conspiracy
to get rid of us."

Alisa Harrison, a spokeswoman for the USDA, said the takeover of the bureau,
which houses a Farm Services Agency office that makes loans, was unfortunate.

"When you take the kind of action they took today, you disrupt the work the
employees are there to do," Harrison said. "There is a place to process disputes
in a professional manner. If you look at the last couple of years, we've
significantly increased our staffing and resources regarding these types of
matters."

Yesterday's protesters came from 16 states by car, train and pickup truck to
support five black Tennessee growers. Protest organizers said the five had
applied for loans in Fayette County, but the loan applications were sent to
Haywood County, where they sat for more than a month.

The farmers -- Coach Perkins, James Hood, Barton Nelson, Earnest Campbell and
Gerald Pettaway -- entered into agreements for land, fuel, fertilizer and seed
with the understanding that the money was coming, Burrell said. When the
planting season ended with the start of July, there was no money. Now they face
thousands of dollars of debt.

The protesters demanded to speak with Agriculture Secretary Ann M. Veneman in
Washington, to have the loans of the five farmers processed, and to have
negotiations on speeding up the processing of claims related to the lawsuit
before vacating the building at 1191 Dupree St. in Brownsville.

"We are willing to stay in this building until we get what's necessary," said
Burrell, who lost his Tennessee farm to foreclosure in 1981.

Attorney James Myart, another organizer, said the protesters would be
nonviolent. "If police touch us, we're going to go limp," he said. "They'll need
a large number of officers to carry us out."

For Grant it was a stinging reminder of how his father, Matthew, suffered in
Tillery, N.C. The USDA foreclosed on Matthew Grant's farm because he was
delinquent by $ 10,000 on a loan four times that amount.

Grant said the USDA would not adjust the terms for repayment of the loan, even
though the delinquency resulted from three years of catastrophic weather. Grant
said he proved that the agency adjusted repayment terms for white farmers who
suffered from the same conditions.

Matthew Grant died in December, five months after his wife.

"The fact that they died before this was settled is just awful," Grant said of
his father's claim under the class action suit. "What the USDA is doing is
waiting for these people to die, thinking their children won't pick up the
fight. They tried to prevent me from becoming the substitute executor of my
father's estate. That's how determined they are."

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              912 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                January 26, 1999, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Fraud trial opens for National Baptist leader Lyons

BYLINE: Marlon Manuel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 03A

LENGTH: 509 words

DATELINE: Clearwater, Fla.


Smooth-talking schemer who bilked a pair of Fortune 500 companies out of
millions?  Or a soul-saving Southern preacher driven by a do-gooder's heart?

State prosecutors and defense attorneys, as expected, outlined starkly different
pictures of the Rev. Henry Lyons in opening statements Monday. Standing trial
with former assistant Bernice Edwards, Lyons is charged with laundering money
that financed a lavish lifestyle of luxury cars, diamonds and beach homes.

As head of the National Baptist Convention USA, Lyons is the de facto leader of
hundreds of thousands of black Christians across the South and the nation.

One attorney said Lyons is revered in some circles as "the black pope." His
influence as president of the NBC is at the core of the complex case, which
could last at least a month.

Today's testimony could begin to home in on a central issue: Whether Lyons
solicited nearly $ 250,000 from the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith. The
group intended to help rebuild burned black churches, but prosecutors claim
Lyons put the money in a personal bank account.

The trial began Monday with the six-member, all-white jury hearing a two-hour
opening statement from assistant state attorney Robert Lewis. Leading up to the
trial, prosecutors had said Lyons claimed he was a pawn of the white business
world.

But Grady Irvin, a black co-counsel on the Lyons defense team, tried to deflate
potential racial overtones.

"This case isn't about race," Irvin told jurors. "This case is about the
National Baptist Convention and its president and the customs and traditions of
that organization."

One issue, Irvin conceded during his opening statement, is the loose bookkeeping
standards of the organization, formed in the 1880s. Irvin said Lyons --- who ran
for NBC president in 1994 as a reform candidate --- inherited a bank account of
$ 34,000 to $ 38,000 and three or four sheets of legal paper.

"The joke is that the headquarters is in the briefcase of whoever the president
is," Irvin said. "Maybe that's not a good thing for an organization of 8.5
million members."

Informal record keeping and bloated membership claims created an atmosphere
Lyons, 56, could exploit for personal profit, prosecutors said. News reports
before the trial, for example, said membership apparently is closer to 1 million
than 8.5 million.

Among the transactions in question are Lyons' dealings with the Loewen Group,
the world's second-largest funeral home group, and with Globe Insurance. Lyons
offered to sell Globe the NBC's mailing list for $ 400,000, Lewis said. With the
help of Edwards and a $ 99 database program, the prosecution contends, Lyons
made up a computerized list of random names.

"There ain't no list of the members of the NBC," Lewis said in court.

Defense attorneys said Lyons has real influence among blacks, and that's why
corporations courted him. Lyons held the key to a market untapped by many
companies: black America. "His endorsement was more important than Michael
Jordan's," Irvin told jurors.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              913 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 17, 1997, Wednesday, Final Edition

Cleveland Aides Suspended After Fund Transfer Error

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A20

LENGTH: 319 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


A city employee inadvertently punched in a 4 instead of a 1, and $ 617,597 wound
up in the account of an anti-crime group.

What happened next, prosecutors say, was itself a crime: Members of the
organization converted the money into checks for four of them and spent a chunk
of it, even though they say they didn't know where the money came from.

Now, two leaders of the organization devoted to fighting black-on-black crime
have been charged with grand theft. And the mayor, facing a primary on Sept. 30,
has suspended seven city employees, including his finance director.

Art McKoy, founder of Black on Black Crime Inc., and chairman Abdul Rahim Ali
Hasan could get up to five years in jail if convicted.

The men insist that their bank told them the deposit was legitimate, and that
they thought it might have come from a grant they had applied for or from an
anonymous benefactor.

They won't say how they spent the money -- nor will prosecutors -- but in the
past week, the men have returned $ 146,600 -- and a 1991 Mercedes.

Mayor Michael R. White said the men "knew exactly what they were doing."

White has issued suspensions ranging from 10 to 30 days without pay that took
effect yesterday and new bookkeeping procedures are being implemented. White
also said he will bring in accountants to check the books.

Hasan said he and his group have been unfairly targeted.

The trouble started March 31, when a data operator made the typo on a city
voucher, sending a payment intended for Cinergy Services Inc. to Black on Black,
which received $ 7,000 from the city last year.

Two clerks who are supposed to make sure payments are correct missed the
mistake. Both clerks and the data operator were among those suspended. The April
1 wire transfer wasn't caught until August because the city was behind on
balancing its books. It took five more weeks for employees to track the money.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              914 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                           September 26 1988, Monday

Arrogance hides an uneasy love; Ben Johnson; Seoul Olympics; Athletics

BYLINE: From SIMON BARNES

SECTION: Issue 63196.

LENGTH: 789 words


Ben Johnson was all magnificent certainty in the 100 metres final: the Human
Bullet, with eyes of flame. A brick wall would have slowed him up a little he
would have lost maybe a couple of hundredths blasting through it.

Carl Lewis was the perfect Olympian as he finished second, first to congratulate
Johnson on his victory. Linford Christie ran his socks off to take the bronze.


Then came the post-race press conference, a thousand or more journos pressed for
deadlines, yelling questions, exploding flashlights, a shoving mass desperate
for a quoteable line. And no longer do we have the three fastest men on earth,
basking in their pride.

We have three shifty, defensive, edgy characters. Johnson, not a great wordsman,
kept his answers as brief as possible to disguise his stutter. Christie, the
fastest European ever, played a dead bat to everything: not what pressmen want.
British journos find Christie difficult, moody and arrogant.

And Carl Lewis well, everybody hates Carl Lewis. 'He's just so arrogant, '
American journos say vaguely. They say he is phoney, that he is only in it for
the money, that he never even smiles.

As Lewis set out to win his four gold medals in Los Angeles, he seemed on the
verge of becoming the Great American Hero. He failed. It is hard to understand
why. He does everything right, shakes hands with everybody before a race,
professes born-again Christianity, does laps of honour with the Stars and
Stripes but he is still hated.

True, he seems to feel no joy in his achievements. He is blank, cold, arrogant.
But then enough Brits have found Sebastian Coe much the same at times yet Coe
does not lack love as Carl Lewis does.

Lewis is pursued by rumours of alleged homosexuality. I care nothing for his
sexual tastes, myself. But the American press have cruelly nicknamed him 'The
Flying Faggot', signifying a dislike of Lewis more than a dislike of
homosexuality.

'Yeah, and he makes so much money, that doesn't help, ' said another
representative of the land of opportunity. Lewis has made money racing, but not
all that much from commercial endorsements.

What keeps Lewis from the love of the media, and thus from the love of the great
American public? Is it his arrogance? His humourlessness? His joylessness? The
rumours? The money? I think it is all a lot more simple than that. I think that
at the heart of the Lewis Problem is the fact that Lewis is black.

America and the world are still a little uneasy with black sporting heroes. One
could argue the love that is expressed for Jesse Owens but it is the legend of
Owens that is treasured. In real life, Owens was chucked out of athletics, and
reduced to racing against horses.

Muhammad Ali? But Ali was loathed, flung in jail, and is now a pathetic,
heart-breaking wreck. It is quite safe to love him now. Mike Tyson has a nation
watching over him waiting for a crack-up, waiting for him to 'revert to type'
and go back to the ghetto. Ed Moses? 'Well, he's gotten kinda arrogant. You
know, black athletes don't really help themselves.'

You get the idea that, unconsciously, a lot of people are waiting for black
athletes to show some kind of human failing. You also get the impression that
black athletes come out on the defensive right from the start.

I am talking about the British blacks as well as the Americans: Christie and
Thompson as well as Lewis. Black athletes come into a press conference and are
faced with a sea of white faces, all apparently hostile, waiting for them to say
something stupid.

This is not necessarily a fair assesment but it is certainly how it must look.
Small wonder they take refuge in 'arrogance' or monosyllabic 'unhelpfulness'. It
is often hard enough for a white athlete to cope with public and media interest.
The problems are tripled for blacks.

In America, black athletes have taken huge strides forward, financially and in
straightforward sporting terms. But they still tend to lag miles behind the
whites commercially. White football players generally get the plum contracts.
The only advert Muhammad Ali ever did was for something that kills cockroaches.

What is more, media people get hyper-sensitive about 'arrogance' and
'unhelpfulness'. They turn against difficult people. This category includes an
awful lot of black athletes: every British journo has a bad Daley story. Every
American journo a bad Carl story. We must be careful whom we blame.

It all comes down to the same thing. Black athletes, in America and in Britain,
have made enormous strides in sporting achievement, in public affection, in
commercial acceptability. But anyone who thinks that the battle has been finally
won would do better to think again.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                    Copyright 1988 Times Newspapers Limited


                              915 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Lebanon Democrat (Tennessee)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          September 15, 2016 Thursday

Wilson Black History Committee to hold wine and cheese festival

BYLINE: Xavier Smith, The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 307 words


Sept. 15--The Wilson County Black History Committee will hold its fourth annual
Harvest Wine and Cheese Festival to help raise money and celebrate the opening
of a new museum.

The event will take place Saturday at Cumberland University's Baird Chapel from
6:30-10:30 p.m. The event will include music and dancing with deejay Buddy Touhy
and Michael Neal.

Tickets are $50 each or $375 for a table of eight, and $25 per ticket is tax
deductible.

The Wine and Cheese Festival is the group's signature event to honor the grand
opening of the National Museum of African American History and Culture on Sept.
24 at the Smithsonian in Washington, D.C.

The event will also include a silent auction to raise money for Pickett Chapel
to become a black history museum and multicultural arts center.

Pickett Chapel, built in1827, is a former Methodist church originally built with
a gallery where slaves worshipped before the Civil War while their owners
worshipped on the ground floor.

Several freedmen purchased the sanctuary in 1866 for their congregation. Pickett
Chapel survived the Battle of Lebanon on May 5, 1862, which killed 70 people
during the Civil War, and threats of bombing during the Civil Rights Movement in
1963 over desegregation of Lebanon city schools.

The Street Freaks Motorcycle Club will also hold a ride for the Pickett Chapel
restoration project Saturday starting at 10 a.m.

The ride will start at Pickett Chapel at 209 E. Market St. and end with a
cookout and pig roast at 5875 Highway 411A in Joelton.

For more information on the Wine and Cheese Festival, call 615-444-9487, or
visit wilsoncountyblackhistroy.org.

For more information on the motorcycle ride, contact James Bass at 615-499-9854.

___ (c)2016 The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. Visit The Lebanon Democrat, Tenn. at
www.lebanondemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160915-1LD-Wilson-Black
-History-Committee-to-hold-wine-and-cheese-festival-0915-20160915

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1LD


                      Copyright 2016 The Lebanon Democrat


                              916 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 16, 1994, Monday

Widow and daughter learn 'quite a bit' from course

BYLINE: By Gertha Coffee STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 212 words


Widowed four years ago when her husband suffered a fatal heart attack,
46-year-old Mary Boyd knew she needed help investing the insurance proceeds she
and her daughter received. But she didn't know where to start.

Someone at the insurance company suggested certificates of deposit and money
market accounts, said Boyd, of Lithonia. She put the bulk in CDs.

"When I started, the rate was about 7.65 percent; then I watched it go down to 3
percent. I knew I needed somewhere else to put that money, since I wanted steady
income and growth. But where?"

Unable to get reliable information from family and friends, the Boyds "made a
lot of mistakes," said Mary Boyd, a Southern Bell employee for 23 years. Then
Donna Boyd, a 26-year-old social worker who will begin work on her master's
degree this fall at Clark Atlanta University, received a brochure from DeKalb
College offering a financial course for women.

"Let's go together," she told her mother. The five-week course, taught by metro
Atlanta certified financial planner Ellen O'Connor Keller, ends this week. The
Boyds say they've learned "quite a bit." The course included material on setting
financial goals, saving and investment strategies, retirement planning, and tax
and legal issues, such as wills.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941400235

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Mary Boyd and her daughter Donna of Lithonia are taking a
course that ranges from saving and investment to tax issues. / KIMBERLY SMITH /
Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              917 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                              May 16, 1994, Monday

Widow and daughter learn 'quite a bit' from course

BYLINE: By Gertha Coffee STAFF WRITER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Section E; Page 1

LENGTH: 212 words


Widowed four years ago when her husband suffered a fatal heart attack,
46-year-old Mary Boyd knew she needed help investing the insurance proceeds she
and her daughter received. But she didn't know where to start.

Someone at the insurance company suggested certificates of deposit and money
market accounts, said Boyd, of Lithonia. She put the bulk in CDs.

"When I started, the rate was about 7.65 percent; then I watched it go down to 3
percent. I knew I needed somewhere else to put that money, since I wanted steady
income and growth. But where?"

Unable to get reliable information from family and friends, the Boyds "made a
lot of mistakes," said Mary Boyd, a Southern Bell employee for 23 years. Then
Donna Boyd, a 26-year-old social worker who will begin work on her master's
degree this fall at Clark Atlanta University, received a brochure from DeKalb
College offering a financial course for women.

"Let's go together," she told her mother. The five-week course, taught by metro
Atlanta certified financial planner Ellen O'Connor Keller, ends this week. The
Boyds say they've learned "quite a bit." The course included material on setting
financial goals, saving and investment strategies, retirement planning, and tax
and legal issues, such as wills.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942180235

GRAPHIC: Color Photo: Mary Boyd and her daughter Donna of Lithonia are taking a
course that ranges from saving and investment to tax issues. / KIMBERLY SMITH /
Staff

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              918 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              May 24, 2011 Tuesday

Salt Lake Valley police investigating four armed robberies

BYLINE: By Roxana Orellana The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 371 words


Police in three jurisdictions were investigating Tuesday whether four different
overnight business robberies are linked.

The first case was reported Monday night in Sandy, where an armed robber stole
money from employees of a Sonic Drive-in restaurant.

Sandy police Sgt. Jon Arnold said Tuesday that a male in his 20s walked into the
restaurant at 10225 South State Street about 10:45 p.m. and displayed a gun. He
demanded money, and employees gave him an unknown amount of cash before he ran
away.

Employees described the robber as being about 5-foot-8 tall and wearing a black
hooded jacket and black pants.

At 2:52 a.m. Tuesday, Unified Police officers were called to a Tesoro gas
station in Riverton, where a man bought a pack of gum, then showed a black
handgun and demanded all the money as the clerk opened the cash register.

The man was described as about 5-foot-7 and wearing a black hooded sweatshirt
with a skeleton graphics, a gray hood and blue jeans. A second person was
believed to be driving a getaway vehicle, described as a four-door, tan car with
tinted windows.

Murray Det. Kenny Bass said the description of the man in the Riverton robbery
is "quite close" to that of a man who pulled two robberies in Murray, but not as
close to the description of the Sandy robber.

Bass said Tuesday afternoon that detectives from the different jurisdictions
were "talking and comparing details."

The first Murray robbery occurred about 4:40 a.m. at the Conoco gas station at
700 West and 5300 South, where a man started talking to the clerk and asked for
cigarettes. When asked for identification, the man showed the clerk a handgun
and demanded money, Bass said.

About 10 minutes later, at the 7- Eleven on 5900 South and State Street, a man
grabbed a drink and walked to the cash register. When the clerk opened the
register, the man showed a handgun under his jacket and demanded money.

The gunman in the Murray robberies was wearing a gray hooded sweatshirt and had
a black jacket with a skeleton design on it. In both cases, the robber left in a
white, four-door, full size sedan, Bass said.

-- Jason Bergreen contributed to this report

rorellana@sltrib.com

jbergreen@sltrib.com Alt Heads:

Police investigating four armed robberies

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 14, 1980, Monday, Late City Final Edition

SIOUX FACE COMPLEX DECISIONS IN ACCEPTING $122 MILLION AWARD

BYLINE: By MOLLY IVINS

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1101 words

DATELINE: RAPID CITY, S.D.


It took the Sioux Indians 58 years to win a claims settlement for the taking of
the Black Hills by Congress in 1877, and while no one is predicting that it will
take another 58 to settle the settlement, the obstacles are many and
complicated.

''Two to four years,'' Clovis Bowles, assistant to the director of the United
Sioux Development Corporation, predicted.  One difficulty in sorting out the
$122 million settlement, upheld July 1 by the United States Supreme Court, is
that there are eight more or less independently governed Sioux tribes involved
as plaintiffs in the case, six in South Dakota and one each in Nebraska and
Montana.

Moreover, it is not certain that the Sioux will take the money.  Many want the
land back, as the Sioux have for 103 years, and there is some sentiment against
accepting the cash settlement if it extinguishes claims to the land itself,
which is an open question, even among lawyers.

Tribal officials will meet Aug. 23 as the Great Sioux Nation to try to decide
whether to accept.  If the money is accepted, all the tribes would have to agree
on a plan for dividing and spending the award before any could be paid.  Some
favor a per capita award while others hope for long-term economic development
projects on the reservations. If individual awards are selected, questions over
who is a bona fide tribal member will have to be resolved.

Whatever the agreement, it will have to be approved by several Federal agencies
and by Congress.  There is some dispute, as well, over the attorney involved.
Ralph Case, a lawyer in Washington, started the suit for the Sioux when he was
42 years old, and it was still unresolved when he died at 77. Arthur Lazarus,
also a Washington lawyer, represented the Sioux before the Supreme Court.

Mr. Lazarus's contract with the Oglala Sioux had expired before the ruling, and
some of those who oppose the settlement now say he had no right to represent
them. Mr. Lazarus, who worked on the case for 24 years, said he had continued so
the case would not be lost.

The award to the Sioux consists of $17.5 million for what the 7.3 million acres
in the Black Hills were thought to be worth in 1877, when the land was taken,
plus $105 million in interest.

John Kings, tribal chairman of the Rosebud Sioux, said: ''I don't think we can
overrule the U.S. Supreme Court. We have no choice but to probably accept it.''

Jerry Matthews, tribal attorney for the Oglala Sioux, said, ''I don't know
whether the Oglala will accept the money or not. Two years ago we voted not to
take money, only the land.''

'Not Unheard Of'

''I don't think it's futile or romantic to think we might get some land,'' he
said. ''The Forest Service has some, and it is not unheard of.''

The case represents the largest settlement of an Indian land claim to date. The
Court of Claims said in an earlier ruling on the taking of the land that ''a
more ripe and rank case of dishonorable dealings will never, in all probability,
be found in our history.''

The disputed land is not the native land of the Sioux, who originally came from
Ohio and were driven to Minnesota by whites and then from Minnesota by the rival
Chippewa. However, the Sioux claim is at least 200 years old, and they were here
before whites.

In the Laramie Treaty of 1868, the Sioux were given the Black Hills to be ''set
apart for the absolute and undisturbed use and occupation of the Indians.'' The
beautiful hills contgain gold, which was discovered by an expedition in 1874
headed by Lieut. Col. George A. Custer, and that touched off the Black Hills
gold rush.

The Sioux clashed with prospectors and settlers, leading to the battle at the
Little Big Horn in June 1876. Congress unilaterally broke the treaty the
following year.

Given Desolate Land

The Indians were bribed, threatened and starved into signing away the land, and
in its place were given the desolate, eroded land that is today the Badlands
National Monument.

Earl Azur, supervisory tribal operations specialist with the Federal Bureau of
Indian Affairs in Aberdeen, S.D., said the first step in administering the
settlement would be for the Indian Claims Commission's staff to prepare a report
as to which of the eight plaintiff tribes will share in it.

Gov. William J. Janklow of South Dakota, who is something of an authority on
Indian law, believes the Sioux have ''no realistic chance of getting the land
back, obviously not.'' His view was echoed by other officials, including several
with the Bureau of Indian Affairs.

Orville Hicks, comprehensive real estate manager for the Sioux development
corporation, said that when Indians have a fair claim to land now owned by
whites, they generally get only money. When Indians claim land now occupied by
other Indians, as in the bitter and continuing Navajo-Hopi dispute in the
Southwest, they sometimes get land. If the land claimed belongs to either the
Federal Government or a state, the Indians sometimes get some land.

Role of Mining Company

Two Federal agencies, the Bureau of Land Management and the Forest Service, hold
parts of the Black Hills. The other major landowner in the area is the Homestake
Mining Company.  A spokesman for Homestake said the 1979 gross earnings from the
company's mine at Lead were $76 million.

Opposition to the settlement comes principally from older, traditionalist
Indians and younger, activist Indians. The Lakota Treaty Council and the Black
Hills Sioux Nation Treaty Council, both activist organizations, have announced
opposition to the settlement.

''By accepting the money we will knowingly and willingly be giving up our
sovereign rights,'' said Larry Red Shirt, coordinator of the Lakota council,

However, there are other Indians who are just tired of fighting - they have been
waiting for the settlement all their lives, they are poor and they do not want
to fight any longer.

How much money each individual Sioux might get from the settlement is a subject
of wildly varying estimates, from a low of $60 to a high of $5,000, with most
guesses between $1,500 and $2,500. But these numbers make some very large
assumptions, including that there are only about 40,000 Sioux.

Different tribes accept members for formal enrollment by different criteria.
Some enroll people with as little as 1/32d Indian blood, while others are more
strict. Some tribes have residency requirements and some do not, and some
tribes' enrollments are far from current.

Enrollment procedures will have to be checked and approved by the Bureau of
Indian Affairs and will then be subject to appeal by anyone excluded.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustrations: map of Black Hills area

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              920 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Kentucky)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday

Fight to integrate schools took 80 years

BYLINE: Keith Lawrence, Messenger-Inquirer, Owensboro, Ky.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1016 words


April 28--Segregation is a shameful part of American history that most people
would rather just forget.

But we should remember those who fought to give us the educational system we
have today.

In Owensboro, the fight began in 1882 and didn't end until 1962, when the last
segregated school in town closed.

That 80-year struggle began with a lawsuit in U.S. District Court.

Kentucky law back then provided that whites be taxed for white schools and
blacks be taxed for black schools.

But blacks were only 17 years removed from slavery.

They had little property to tax.

Owensboro's first school for black children was established in 1878.

But it had so little money that not much was accomplished.

On July 18, 1882, trustees for the two black schools that were here then met
with a group of black parents.

Leaders of the group were Richard Varian, chairman of the black school board;
Giles Crump, chairman of the meeting, and Charles T. Jackson, secretary.

At the meeting, they drafted a resolution to present to City Hall.

It read: "The method of taxation for purposes of common schools in the state,
the method of distributing the per capita between white and colored children and
the existing law governing said schools are all unconstitutional, because a
discrimination is made in all respects between white citizens and their children
and colored citizens and their children.

"We have not suitable school buildings nor money with which to defray the
necessary expenses of establishing or conducting our school in such a manner as
to make them offer for colored children anything like the facilities now
provided for white children, and by the existing laws we have no power to raise
sufficient money for said purpose.

"We most respectfully petition the mayor and council to provide us suitable
buildings and sufficient money to give our children reasonably good facilities
for obtaining a plain English education."

By Sept. 5, the city had not responded. And whites feared blacks would make an
attempt to integrate the schools that fall.

A mass meeting of black parents was held that night with Edward Claybrook
serving as chairman.

Another resolution was drafted.

"We, the colored citizens of Owensboro, feeling confident that we have been
debarred from public school facilities guaranteed to us by the laws of the
United States, therefore, with all due respect, we will immediately proceed to
lay our claims before the United States District Court at Paducah and there
ascertain who has the right to make such provisions as will give us equal school
facilities as the law requires."

When the public schools opened Sept. 18, five black leaders showed up at the
Lower Ward School at Seventh and Walnut streets in an attempt to enroll three
black children.

Laura Hughes, the assistant principal there, told them she couldn't admit the
children without permission from A.C. Goodwin, the superintendent.

Goodwin also refused to admit the children and the delegation left without a
demonstration.

Owen Barret, one of the leaders, told a reporter later that the group had
expected to be turned away and had only gone to the school to obtain more
evidence for their federal suit.

On April 2, 1883, U.S. Circuit Judge John W. Barr ruled in favor of Claybrook
and the others.

He granted an injunction against the Owensboro city treasurer to prevent more
than five-thirteenths of the funds raised for common school purposes being used
for anything except black schools.

The ruling said there were 1,400 school-aged white children and 500 black
children in Owensboro.

When news of the ruling reached Owensboro, there was panic.

The city said it had barely enough money from its 30 cents per $100 property
valuation tax to maintain the white schools.

If the schools, which were chartered by the legislature, were suspended for lack
of funds, they couldn't reopen until the next legislature gave them a new
charter.

The Messenger editorialized: "The abandonment of the present school system would
be disastrous to the best interests of the city. It would drive away hundreds of
citizens who were attracted here for our free schools, men who could make as
good a living elsewhere and would go elsewhere to secure free tuition for their
children."

H.P. Tompkins, president of the city school board, said: "This talk of
permanently abandoning our schools to thwart the Negroes in their effort to
throw the burden of their education upon us strikes me as a scheme to cut off
our noses to spite our faces."

He added: "We had just as well face the inevitable. This court has saddled this
thing upon us. To do this, we will have to tax ourselves at least 40 and maybe
50 cents on the $100, but having done so, we should see that the money is
judiciously expended."

Tompkins turned out to be on the right side of history, unlike many of his
contemporaries.

His plan, which was carried out, put the black schools under the white school
board and hired white teachers from the north to teach them.

Barr's final ruling was based on blacks being denied equal protection of the law
and said Owensboro was violating the 14th Amendment to the Constitution.

Separate, but more equal than before, schools opened here in September 1884.

Two black schools were opened -- at Seventh and Hathaway streets and on Third
between Elm and Poplar.

Other struggles followed to get black teachers for black students and still
later to integrate the schools.

In a landmark 1954 case, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that segregated school
systems violate the Constitution because they are inherently unequal and
discriminatory.

Two years later, the Owensboro Board of Education took the first steps toward
integration.

By the fall of 1958, school segregation officially ended here.

The last black school, Western High School, closed in 1962.

The equal education that small band of black parents had sought 80 years earlier
finally had been achieved.

Keith Lawrence, 270-691-7301, klawrence@messenger-inquirer.com

___ (c)2016 the Messenger-Inquirer (Owensboro, Ky.) Visit the Messenger-Inquirer
(Owensboro, Ky.) at www.messenger-inquirer.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160428-OW-Fight-to-integrate-schools-took-80-years-0428-20160428

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OW


                       Copyright 2016 Messenger-Inquirer


                              921 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 11, 1991, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Competing games cause commotion

BYLINE: Carolyn White

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 337 words


A controversy involving four colleges and the 100 Black Men community group has
turned an annual football game into a recruiting drive: for fans.

Two games, scheduled Sept. 28 in Atlanta, are aimed at the same market - black
college football fans.

Ordinarily, Tennessee State and Florida A&M compete in the Atlanta Football
Classic the fourth week in September.

The game, a charity fund-raiser for 100 Black Men of Atlanta, has raised between
$ 175,000 and $ 200,000 annually. Tennessee State and Florida A&M have large
alumni groups in Atlanta. Their highly acclaimed marching bands were an added
draw.

But this year, Tennessee State and Florida A&M will play independently of the
local charity. Their game begins at 2 p.m. at Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium.

The 1991 Atlanta Football Classic features two other teams - Southern University
and South Carolina State. That game kicks off at 7 p.m. the same day at Georgia
Tech's Bobby Dodd Stadium.

The conflict is about money. Tennessee State and Florida A&M couldn't come to
financial terms with 100 Black Men.

When talks broke off - the schools wanted $ 25,000 more than offered - 100 Black
Men recruited Southern and S.C. State to play at Dodd Stadium, reserved earlier.

The problem arose when Tennessee State and Florida A&M opted to continue playing
their usual weekend in Atlanta.

Now, hard feelings abound. ''We find it irritating that two schools from
Tallahassee and Nashville would come into this market and take money away from
Atlanta charities,'' says Classic chairman Dr. Joseph Hoffman.''

Says Tennessee State athletic director Bill Thomas: ''They're working in their
best interests and we're working in ours. There's nothing wrong with a
doubleheader.''

Charity sends kids to college

The Atlanta Football Classic is a fund-raiser for Project Success. Four years
ago, 100 Black Men promised to send a class of 35 eighth-graders through
college. The youngsters graduated Monday from Atlanta's Archer High, and 28 are
headed to college.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sportstalk

See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              922 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 18, 1993, Tuesday, Final Edition

Va. Parents Want Book Removed;
Tale of Young Slave Called 'Degrading'

DeNeen L. Brown, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 837 words


Some Fairfax County parents are demanding that a novel be removed from
elementary school libraries because its young black hero, a slave, questions his
own intelligence, refers to himself as a "nigger" and is called that by other
characters.

The book, "Jump Ship to Freedom," is the story of young Daniel Arabus, a slave
in Connecticut in 1787, who is trying to retrieve money owed to his family.
Daniel's father fought in the Revolutionary Army and made enough to buy his
family's freedom, but he died, and the money was taken by a slave owner.

The book opens with a scene in which Daniel is devising a scheme to slip into
his owner's room and get the money, but the door squeaks.

"I wished I'd thought to grease the hinges the night before with a little tallow
or bacon fat," Daniel says in the book. "If I wasn't so ignorant I might have
thought of it. Probably a white boy would have. But I was black and wasn't as
smart as white folks."

After a black sixth-grader at Fairview Elementary in Fairfax Station read the
first few pages of the book, he went to his teacher and said he was offended by
the assumption in the book that blacks were inferior.

"The student was reading the book on his own and objected to it," said Nancy
Sprague, assistant superintendent for instruction. "He had read the beginning of
the book, and the use of the word 'nigger' and the social assumption in the
beginning of the book that blacks were an inferior race offended him. . . .  But
if you read the whole book, the boy rises above the social messages and affirms
his own worth."

The historical novel, written by James Lincoln Collier and Christopher Collier,
was included as part of a list of books that students could read about the
American Revolution. It was not required reading. The novel has been on the
shelves of Fairfax school libraries since its publication in 1981.

After the student raised the issue, a group that included the principal, some
teachers and some parents challenged the presence of the book in libraries. Then
in January, parents filed a complaint saying "that the book presented a
derogatory, degrading and humiliating image for African American children."

An area superintendent is in the process of deciding whether the book should be
used in instruction and whether it should remain in school libraries. Any
decision could be appealed to School Superintendent Robert R. Spillane and
finally the School Board.

School officials say that the book, if read in its entirety, presents a positive
image of a black boy who matures and later denounces the stereotypes he was
taught to accept about blacks.

However, some parents said they are concerned that students might not read the
entire book and then be able to put the passages in context.

"I think it's a lousy book to be given to fourth-, fifth- and sixth-graders,
because I don't think they are competent to separate the language from what they
hear now," said Donald Grant, chairman of the legal redress committee for the
Fairfax County NAACP. "Without very careful teaching from very, very early ages,
these kinds of books for children that age can only reinforce stereotypes."

Some officials said yesterday that the dispute over this book is similar to the
controversy surrounding Mark Twain's "Adventures of Huckleberry Finn." Some
people have taken offense at the use of racial slurs and the portrayal of the
runaway slave named Jim in that book.

Linda Hunt, coordinator of library and information services for Fairfax schools,
said that a committee that reviewed the book struggled with its language and
point of view.

"The authors address the fact [that] the book depicts the way things were, not
the way things should be. That has caused the problem," Hunt said. "But if we
start removing all historical fiction because we don't like the way things were,
we might end up with very little [historical fiction] in our libraries."

The award-winning authors of "Jump Ship to Freedom" included a note in the back
of the book about the use of the derogatory term.

"We had to consider very carefully our use of the word nigger. This term is
offensive to modern readers, and we certainly do not intend to be insulting. But
it was commonly used in America right into the twentieth century, and it would
have been a distortion of history to avoid its use entirely," the authors wrote.
"In addition to historical accuracy, it was important to use the word to show
how Daniel learned self-respect and developed self-confidence."

Hunt said this was the first local complaint about the novel, but she added that
there has been an increase in complaints across the country about various books.

"I think the multicultural emphasis in schools is making educators and parents
sensitive to how cultures are depicted in literature," Hunt said.

Craig Virden, publisher of Bantam Doubleday Dell Books for Young Readers, which
published "Jump Ship to Freedom," said yesterday that the Fairfax complaint is
the only one he is aware of.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, EXCERPT FROM "JUMP SHIP TO FREEDOM," BY JAMES LINCOLN COLLIER
AND CHRISTOPHER COLLIER. TWP

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              923 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             hollywoodreporter.com

                             June 27, 2015 Saturday

Ava DuVernay Supports Bree Newsome in Tweet Alluding to 'Black Panther' Rumors

BYLINE: Hilary Lewis

SECTION: NEWS; TAG

LENGTH: 632  words


Director Ava DuVernay alluded to rumors of her directing Marvel's upcoming Black
Panther movie as she expressed her support for Bree Newsome, the black female
activist who temporarily took down the Confederate flag in front of the South
Carolina statehouse when she climbed the flagpole and physically removed the
banner.

"Yes. I hope I get the call to direct the motion picture about a black superhero
I admire. Her name is Bree Newsome," DuVernay posted on Twitter Saturday as news
of Newsome's act was trending as was the hashtag #FreeBree. An Indiegogo
campaignhas been set up to raise bail for her, pulling in more than $8,000 of
its $20,000 goal from more than 250 donors in its first two hours.

Yes. I hope I get the call to direct the motion picture about a black superhero
I admire. Her name is @BreeNewsome. pic.twitter.com/BgMeaNsbYk- Ava DuVernay
(@AVAETC) June 27, 2015

DuVernay has been frequently mentioned as a director Marvel is considering to
helm their upcoming movie about Black Panther, played by Chadwick Boseman. In
this week's Hollywood Reporter cover story, Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige
confirmed that he'd met with DuVernay. "We've met with her for sure. We've met
with a number of people for a number of movies. She has been one of them," he
said.

Chadwick Boseman was cast in a standalone Black Panther movie last fall, making
the Get on Up star Marvel Studios' first solo lead of color. His character is
set to debut in 2016's third Captain America film, subtitled Civil War. The
Black Panther film is set to be released on July 6, 2018.

Newsome was arrested after she removed the flag early Saturday morning amidst
calls from police officers to get down. The flag was raised roughly less than an
hour later. A man, James Ian Tyson, who climbed over a fence to get to the flag
was also busted. Both he and Newsome were charged with defacing monuments on
state Capitol grounds. The act is a misdemeanor that is punishable by a $5,000
fine or a prison term of up to three years or both.

Newsome released the following email statement to the media: "We removed the
flag today because we can't wait any longer. We can't continue like this another
day. It's time for a new chapter where we are sincere about dismantling white
supremacy and building toward true racial justice and equality."

There have been calls to remove the flag following last week's deadly Charleston
shooting, which has been characterized as a racist attack.

DuVernay wasn't the only Hollywood figure expressing support for Newsome.
Michael Moore tweeted that he would "pay her bail money or any legal fees she
has."

Friends of @BreeNewsome- I will pay her bail money or any legal fees she has.
Please let her know this. #Charleston#TakeDownTheFlag- Michael Moore (@MMFlint)
June 27, 2015

Watch video of Newsome removing the flag and being arrested along with Tyson
below.

Read on to see what others in Hollywood are saying about Newsome on social
media.@BreeNewsomeis a hero. I support her. Having that flag fly over the
funerals in SC was a national disgrace. #FreeBree- Gabrielle Union
(@itsgabrielleu) June 27, 2015After @BreeNewsomebravely took that flag down...
South Carolina had 2 Black workers put it back up. This is a national disgrace.
#FreeBree- Gabrielle Union (@itsgabrielleu) June 27, 2015Vid's so beautiful I
cried like a baby.Brave, loving heart trying to move us2 right. #FreeBreeBRAVA
@BreeNewsomehttps://t.co/VTGzL3WKJd- Bellamy Young (@BellamyYoung) June 27,
2015We live in astonishing times. I support @BreeNewsomein her courageous act of
civil disobedience. https://t.co/0eWxiCafkI- Jason Robert Brown (@MrJasonRBrown)
June 27, 2015If I lived in S. Carolina I'd be up that flag pole, tear down that
flag then get my first mug shot today. - mia farrow (@MiaFarrow) June 27, 2015

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ONLINE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                  Copyright 2015 Prometheus Global Media, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              924 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             April 20, 2012 Friday

Gop Race For Seat In 37Th Heats Up;
A Look At The Numbers

BYLINE: Tom Murse

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1127  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Staff Writer

Supporters of Republican Mindy Fee's state House campaign struck back at her
primary opponent, Stephen D. Black, on Thursday, calling a recent negative ad
"underhanded" and raising questions about his fundraising sources.

"Can we really trust someone who has used some dirty tricks to try to win the
election, or someone like Mindy, who has been positive, honest and whose actions
in Harrisburg will mimic what she says?" said Mike Williams, the Manheim Central
High School football coach.

Black responded by defending the ad, which hits Fee for having switched parties
and registering as a Democrat more than a decade ago, as being an accurate
representation of the public record.

"If telling the truth and using verifiable facts to do it is a 'campaign
tactic,' and Mindy's supporters don't agree with it, I don't know what else to
say. It is what it is," Black said.

"All I've done is make public a record that shows Ms. Fee left the Republican
Party to support a pro-choice candidate over several qualified pro-life
candidates," Black said.

Black's mailer claims Fee was a "Bill Clinton-Al Gore Democrat" in the late
1990s and tells voters that "real Republicans can't trust liberal Mindy Fee."

Fee confirmed she was a registered Republican in the 1990s but changed her
affiliation to vote for Democrat Tom Foley, who was a close friend of her late
husband, in the party's 1996 primary for state auditor general.

Foley, a former state Labor and Industry secretary and unsuccessful candidate
for lieutenant governor in 1994, was running against Democrat Robert P. Casey
Jr., who opposed abortion rights, for the nomination.

The exchange between the two Republican campaigns for state House in the 37th
Legislative District marked an escalation of the rhetoric with less than a week
until the primary.

Black has hit the radio airwaves with endorsements from Republican Lt. Gov. Jim
Cawley and state Rep. John Bear of Lititz.

"Lieutenant Governor Jim Cawley says Steve Black is a lifelong and committed
Republican who will join our fight in Harrisburg to protect taxpayers and bring
common-sense conservative values to state government," the ad states.

Even though it's a three-way race, Black and Fee are running the most aggressive
campaigns for the party's nomination for state Rep. Tom Creighton's House seat.
Creighton is retiring at the end of 2012 after 12 years in office.

The primary is Tuesday.

A third Republican candidate, retired high school teacher Barry McFarland, also
is seeking the post but is not raising money.

The Republican nominee will face Democrat Russell Stahley, who is unopposed in
his party's primary, in November.

Speaking at a press conference in the square in Manheim on Thursday, the borough
mayor and Fee supporter Eric B. Phillips raised questions about the number and
amount of campaign contributions to Black's campaign from outside the 37th. He
also questioned why Cawley is weighing in on the race.

"We are not interested in having folks outside of our district interfere in this
important election," Phillips said in a prepared statement.

New campaign finance reports show Black has outraised Fee and that most of his
money has come from outside of the 37th Legislative District, including
donations from many builders and developers and their political action
committees.

"We do not understand why special-interest groups, developers and contractors
would dump tens of thousands of dollars into Steve Black's campaign to pay for
negative and deceitful junk mail," Phillips said.

Black, reached for a response, said the builders and contractors supporting him
are hardworking business people who have been hit hard by the economy and are
looking to elect a like-minded businessman to the House.

"It's business people that have suffered through this downturn these last five,
six years, and they want to get their people back to work and they want to get a
business leader up there," Black said.

"Me, my friends and business people - that's the only people I know in this
world," Black said.

More than a quarter of Black's war chest comes from himself and his wife,
Gloria, who have poured $15,000 into his campaign.

Black, 58, is a small businessman from Elizabeth Township who owns and operates
Steve Black Builders Inc. Fee, 47, is a sales executive for TransAmerican Office
furniture. She lives in Manheim.

The Friends of Steve Black committee reported raising $54,810 from Jan. 1
through April 9.

The Friends of Fee committee has reported raising $29,050 during about the same
time period. That includes $3,000 of her own money.

In all, Black's campaign took in $19,825, or 36 percent of its money, from the
37th District, but that includes the $15,000 from himself and his wife. His
campaign took in $34,810, or 64 percent, from outside the district.

A majority of contributions to Fee's campaign came from the Manheim and
surrounding area, which are in the 37th District. All of her campaign money came
from individuals.

Black raised $18,500 from political action committees.

The three largest PAC contributions to Black were from the Building Industry
Association of Lancaster PAC, which wrote a check for $7,500 on March 23; The
Pennsylvania Committee for Affordable Housing PAC, which contributed $7,000; and
the Lancaster County Association of Realtors PAC, which gave Black $2,500.

In addition, Black received large contributions from builders and contractors,
including: $2,500 from Lititz homebuilder Clifford Weaver; $2,000 from Lititz
builder Michael Garman; $1,255 from Bird-in-Hand builder Samuel M. Esh; and
$1,000 each from Lancaster builder Stephen J. Artz and Lititz paving contractor
Mervin L. Bruckhart.

tmurse@lnpnews.com

Here's a look at the fundraising numbers this year in the Republican race for
the 37th Legislative District, according to campaign finance reports on file in
Harrisburg.

Candidate

Stephen D. Black

n Raised this year: $54,810

n From self and spouse: $15,000

n From others: $39,810

n Spent this year: $24,535

n Available: $30,275

n Contributions of $50 or less: $175, or less than 1 percent

n Contributions of $50.01 to $250: $5,375, or 10 percent

n Contributions over $250: $49,260, or 90 percent

n Contributions from individuals: $36,310, or 66 percent, including $15,000 from
himself and spouse

n Contributions from political action committees: $18,500, or 34 percent

Candidate

Mindy Fee

n Raised this year: $29,050

n From self: $3,000

n From others: $26,050

n Spent this year: $20,394

n Available: $3,156

n Contributions of $50 or less: $685, or 2 percent

n Contributions of $50.01 to $250: $5,465, or 19 percent

n Contributions over $250: $22,900, or 79 percent

n Contributions from individuals: $29,050, or 100 percent, including the $3,000
from herself

n Contributions from political action committees: $0, or 0 percent

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stephen D. Black
Mindy Fee

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              925 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            July 21, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Blacks' finances take a hit;
Recession has forced them off the path to security

BYLINE: Adam Shell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 396 words


NEW YORK -- Faced with hardships caused by the Great Recession, middle-class
blacks dialed back stock and retirement investments and dipped into savings more
than their white counterparts, causing them to "slip even further behind" in
their quest for financial security, according to a survey  to be released today.

In a sign of just how savage the economic downturn has been on black Americans,
nearly half (48%) of blacks polled said they pulled money out of savings to make
ends meet in the past two years, vs. just 31% of whites, the 2010 Ariel Black
Investor Survey found. Blacks also were forced into committing personal finance
no-nos, such as reducing  monthly contributions to retirement savings and
withdrawing money from 401(k)s.

"No question, we have taken a step back. Our community is slipping even further
behind," says Ariel President Mellody Hobson.

Despite the substantial financial setback, Hobson was emboldened by the fact
that blacks (75%) were more "hopeful" about the prospects for an economic
recovery than whites (41%). Another positive sign is that for the first time in
the survey's 12-year history, blacks rated stocks as the "best investment
overall" -- even better than real estate -- for building long-term wealth.

"With a commitment to getting back on track, blacks can recover," Hobson says.
"Now is not the time for blacks to walk away from investing and say, 'Why
bother?' That would be a bad idea."

In the current recession, the most severe downturn since the 1930s, the
unemployment rate of blacks is nearly double that of whites (15.4% vs. 8.6%),
which has forced blacks to worry more about short-term survival rather than
long-term wealth building.

In addition, 12% of blacks said they were delinquent on credit card payments,
vs. 3% of whites.

Now is a great time for blacks to put money back in the market and get their
finances back on track, says John Rogers,  CEO of Ariel. "Stocks are cheap,"
Rogers says. "And the stock market continues to have great long-term potential."

List

Falling stock exposure

The percentage of blacks who said they have money invested in stocks right now
is at its lowest level since 1998:

1998  57%

2000  64%

2002  74%

2004  68%

2006  64%

2008  62%

2010  60%

Source: Ariel Investments 2010 Black Investor Survey of 1,006 adults with an
annual household income of at least $50,000 conducted via telephone April 7- May
2.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: MARKETS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              926 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      June 15, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

OUTDOORS;
SUNDAY SPECIAL;
ALMANAC;
New bass stamp available

BYLINE: Kent Mitchell, Charles Salter

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 18E

LENGTH: 577 words


The Black Bass Foundation is offering its second annual bass conservation stamp
and also a print in a fund-raising project for the Edgefield, S.C.-based bass
conservation organization.

The painting by artist and conservationist Al Agnew is entitled Quick Silver and
shows a largemouth bass feeding on threadfin shad.

Over 900 signed and numbered prints will be sold for $ 105.50 each, including
stamp, and 10,000 stamps will be available for $ 5.50 each.

Funds raised from print and stamp sales will be used to develop the Black Bass
Foundation, which sponsors the Kids' Fishin' Network and the Black Bass
Superfund. For information or to order, 803-637-3100 or write the BBF at P.O.
Box 670, Edgefield, S.C. 29824.

DU donations continue

Every year since 1987, someone from Ducks Unlimited has made a trip to the
Wildlife Resources Division with a check. The $ 97,000 check delivered on June 6
marked a very special occasion because it sent Georgia DU's contributions to the
state over the $ 1 million mark.

The money, 7.5 percent of all funds raised by Georgia DU annually, goes to
Matching Aid to Restore State's Habitat (MARSH), where it is matched with funds
from Georgia's state duck stamps, federal funds and money from other sources to
nearly triple the original ante.

Through December of 1996, some 19 MARSH projects have resulted in the
development or enhancement of some 14,027 acres, and four more are in the works.

They range in size from a 25-acre pond at Rum Creek Wildlife Management Area to
the 8,730-acre Grand Bay WMA, the largest MARSH project on the east coast. In
1996-97 among the 50 states, with a membership of 15,416, Georgia's DU ranked:

-Second in dollars per duck stamp, $ 77,250.

-Second in dollar increase in grass roots income, $ 124,473 (total $ 1.3
million).

-Fourth in percent in grass roots income, 10.510%.
-Eighth in total number of sponsor events, 25.

The money is raised at banquet/auctions, shooting events and membership drives.

Dual license proposed

The lines continue to back up at boat ramp access to saltwater fishing in Camden
County and residents grow more restless every day because the huge traffic jam
is caused by cars with Florida tags.

It's easy enough to figure out. Georgia has a daily limit of five red drum and
25 speckled trout. Florida's limit is one red drum and five trout.

Better yet, saltwater anglers, resident and non-resident, fish for free in
Georgia. They need no license.

In Florida, on the other hand, a non-resident saltwater license is $ 37.50.

Georgia's $ 8 saltwater fishing license, proposed a few years ago, was booed out
of the legislature by coastal anglers who enjoy the free ride, but also complain
about growing fishing woes.

Coastal Resources Division director Duane Harris suggests a possible alternative
- a single fishing license for all anglers, saltwater and freshwater. The cost
would be the same as the one used by freshwater anglers every day, but saltwater
anglers would have to have one, too.

Harris says benefits would be felt immediately - $ 1 million in additional
license revenue plus an opportunity for $ 400,000 in federal funds from the
Wallop-Breaux Federal Aid to Fisheries Act (funded through an 11 percent excise
tax on fishing tackle).

The funds would be used for more artificial reefs, boat ramps, scientific study
of saltwater species, law enforcement personnel and education, Harris said.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sales of the Black Bass Foundation's stamp and print will benefit the
 Kids' Fishin' Network and the Black Bass Superfund. / Special

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              927 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 12, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Racial Power Struggle in Dallas School System Takes New Turn

BYLINE: By CAROL MARIE CROPPER

SECTION: Section 1; Page 21; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 582 words

DATELINE: DALLAS, Oct. 11


Long-standing racial conflicts have taken on a new complexity in the struggle
for control of the Dallas school system, after the resignation this week of a
superintendent charged with embezzling public money.

The battle pits blacks not only against whites but also -- and even more vocally
-- against their former Hispanic allies. Unlike confrontations in recent years
between ethnic and racial groups in Los Angeles and New York, the issue in
Dallas seems less a difference in culture and more a simple fight for power.

This week, as the United States Attorney here announced a pending criminal
charge against the city's first Hispanic superintendent, many Hispanic residents
were disheartened by the reaction of some blacks.  "They've been on the black
radio stations and they are gleeful about it," complained Adelfa Callejo, a
74-year-old Hispanic lawyer. "That's very un-Christian-like."

Some hope that the downfall of Yvonne Gonzalez, who is expected to plead guilty
on Wednesday to misusing $9,440 in school money to buy bedroom furniture, will
lead the city's two largest minority communities to work out their differences.

But others, like Glenn Linden, an associate professor of history and education
at Southern Methodist University and writer of a book on Dallas school
desegregation, said the issues dividing the two groups remained and might only
intensify as the Hispanic population continued to grow and to demand more power.

The proportion of Hispanic students in Dallas schools surpassed blacks this year
for second year in a row, 47 percent to 41 percent, with 10 percent white. But
blacks and whites both continue to have more representation on the school board
and in the school administration. Part of the reason is that the school
district, which comprises not only the city of Dallas but also surrounding
Dallas County, remains mostly white, with many white parents sending their
children to private schools or retreating to exclusive suburbs.

With Hispanic residents moving into the majority in the schools, attention will
almost certainly shift from black education issues like ebonics to Hispanic
concerns like bilingual education, Mr. Linden said.

As a result, he said, many blacks feel threatened. "They're fighting for their
place that they carved in the last 30 to 40 years," Mr. Linden said.

A black Dallas County Commissioner, John Wiley Price, said Hispanic workers were
betraying their former allies, because their demands will take jobs from blacks.
"You don't take positions from people who did not historically take from you,"
he said.

Mrs. Callejo countered that blacks wanted power only for themselves.

"It used to be that the Anglo was the racist," she said. "Now it appears that
the black American is the racist against Hispanics and whites."

Hispanic leaders cast their lot with white school board members in 1991, she
said, after blacks they had supported refused to help them elect a Hispanic
school board president. She also complained of the ethnic insults publicly used
by some blacks. Black leaders like Mr. Price have been brutally direct in
telling Hispanic leaders of their displeasure, but he said he did the same to
blacks.

Dr. Gonzalez won the superintendent job in January despite a walkout by the
school board's three black members. One, Yvonne Ewell, said blacks felt the
appointment was being rammed through by the board's five whites and one Hispanic
member with no regard for the opinion of black members.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              928 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 5, 2012 Sunday

Police searching for suspects in 2 Schuylkill County robberies

BYLINE: Frank Andruscavage, Republican & Herald, Pottsville, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 397 words


Aug. 05--Schuylkill County Crime Stoppers and state police at Schuylkill Haven
are asking for public's help in finding the person or persons responsible for
two bank robberies, one in Tremont and the other in Tower City, earlier this
year.

The Tremont robbery occurred about 11:35 a.m. June 6 at Miners Bank, 23 E. Main
St.

Police said a man entered the bank, did not display a weapon but demanded money
from the tellers.

After obtaining the cash, police said the man exited the bank and walked south
across Main Street between two houses to an alley that runs parallel to Route
209, between Good Springs Road and Union Street, and got into a dark mid-size
vehicle driven by another man and both then fled.

The robber is described as being black, about 6 feet 2 inches tall with a medium
build, and between the ages of 30 and 35 with scruffy facial hair.

He was wearing a dark New York Yankees baseball hat, a black shirt and black
jeans, police said.

There was no description of the driver of the getaway car other than that he was
also a black man.

Then, on June 29, a robber entered the Halifax Bank, 920 E. Wiconisco Ave.,
Tower City, at 10:10 a.m., walked up to a teller and demanded money.

The man did not show or use a weapon and was handed money from the teller,
police said.

After getting an undetermined amount of money, the man exited the bank and
walked across East Wiconisco Avenue and fled the area.

The man is described as being in his late 20s, about 6 feet 2 inches tall with
scruffy facial hair.

Smith said he was wearing a dark baseball hat, a long-sleeve flannel shirt and
blue jeans.

No one was injured in either robbery, police said.

Schuylkill County Crime Stoppers will pay up to $1,000 for information on the
identity of the person or persons responsible for these robberies or on any
other unsolved crime in Schuylkill County.

Callers are asked to refer to incident 08-05-12 when calling with information
about the bank robberies in Tremont or Tower City.

Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers, toll-free, at
877-TIPS4SC (877-847-7472)

Individuals with information can also contact state police at Schuylkill Haven
directly at 570-593-2000.

All information received will remain confidential.

___ (c)2012 the Republican & Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) Visit the Republican &
Herald (Pottsville, Pa.) at republicanherald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120805-RN-Police-searching-for-suspects-in-2-Schuylkill-County-robberies-0805-
20120805

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RN


                       Copyright 2012 Republican & Herald


                              929 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                March 24, 1997, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

A good neighbor with a fence

BYLINE: Bill Maxwell

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIAL NOTEBOOK; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 504 words



If the Uhuru Movement was not an official part of the St. Petersburg's
Community Action Committee charged with fixing the economic and social  problems
in the African-American community, its increasingly strident and  naive rhetoric
could be ignored. But because this band of self-styled  socialists belongs to
the task force, all St. Petersburg residents should pay  attention to what its
members say.

A few days ago, Sobukwe Bambaatam, the group's media coordinator, wrote in  a
letter to Neighborhood Times that if Walgreen Co. does not show respect for  the
black community by removing the fence surrounding its new store at the  corner
of 22nd Avenue S and Dr. M. L. King (Ninth) Street S, black residents  "should
make them (Walgreen) leave." In another place, Bambaatam writes that  Walgreen
"is a white-owned corporation that has come into our community for  the sole
purpose of making money."

Well, of course, Walgreen Co. built in the black community to make money.
Business is self-interested. Making money is what corporations - black, white
and otherwise - do.

Bambaatam derides the "low-wage jobs" the Walgreens store provides. Yes,  some
employees - who were unemployed or who had difficulty finding jobs before  - no
doubt make slightly above minimum wage, as millions of other workers do
throughout the nation's economy. Others, however, have discovered paths to  real
careers and are earning or will earn respectable salaries.

   Walgreen Co. is not a cure-all for labor problems in the riot zone. It is
but one company, a strategic player in unraveling a social and economic maze
that took generations to take root. So when Bambaatam claims that "Walgreens  is
not doing us (blacks) any favors," he is puerile beyond measure. Many  elderly
residents, for example, now have a well-stocked drug store, including  a
top-rate pharmacy, near their homes.

In short, the overwhelming majority of black residents see the store as a
godsend, as a modern convenience that benefits their lives. Apparently, black
shoppers - if their purchases mean anything - have decided that the Walgreens
store's fence is not a racist insult or the evil deed of "the slave master"
that the Uhurus say it is.

The black residents of the area do not need the paternalism of Omali  Yeshitela
and his followers or their zany advice about right and wrong.

Nothing is more insulting than the Uhurus' insistence on telling mature
African-American adults where they should spend their money. According to
Walgreens' cash registers, the people are thinking for themselves quite  nicely.

Most blacks know the "real deal": While Yeshitela and others do not have  the
capital or the economic acumen to establish businesses on their own, they  do
not want any white businesses in the black community. They long for a  version
of communal factories straight out of the old Soviet Union or North  Korea.

Bill Maxwell is a columnist and editorial writer for the Times.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              930 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            October 31, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Dave Davies: A clarification on street money: It's not illegal

SECTION: LOCAL; P-com Biggie News Update; Pg. 07

LENGTH: 685 words


HAS THIS COUNTRY gone crazy?

Ten days ago I write a piece about Democratic ward leaders complaining that
Barack Obama wouldn't provide "street money" to the city Democratic organization
to fund Election Day operations.

The next day, I get a call from a Harrisburg TV anchor who says, "Hey, isn't
somebody going to ask whether this is illegal?"

What's illegal about it? I ask.

"You know, standing on the corner, handing out five-dollar bills and saying
'Vote for Obama'?"

Huh?

Then, a guy from California writes that this kind of thing is "shocking . . .
sounds like bribe money to me."

And finally, I get this e-mail from a man claiming to be from Hawaii:

"Is BHO [Barack Hussein Obama] banking on 120% black Democrat turnout in Philly?
Just 'axing.' Note to BHO: Need 100,000 cases of Marlboros, 1,000 cases of Black
Velvet, 50 pounds of snow, and 20,000 buckets of KFC to bring out the black
Philly turnout."

I wrote this guy back telling him that he knows nothing about Philadelphia
elections, and that he needs a serious adjustment in racial attitude.

But it's clear we have a failure to communicate on the subject of street money,
and I need to explain exactly what it is and isn't.

Street money is a tradition that descends from the days when the city's
Democratic organization was disciplined and powerful.

Endorsed candidates would pay the party a fee for its support in Election Day
operations, which would in turn be distributed to ward leaders on a formula, so
much per voting division. Many ward leaders would collect further cash from side
arrangements with individual candidates.

It's still done that way. This morning, ward leaders will assemble at the party
headquarters, on Walnut Street, and get their checks. Most will go directly to
the bank to convert them to cash.

But they can't just stick the money in their pockets, or hand it out in return
for the promise of a vote.

The cash typically goes to print literature, to provide meals and
transportation, and to pay street workers, including party committee members.

"Street money is to pay the lady who takes a day off work, or to give a retired
person a few dollars to hand out literature, or buy coffee and doughnuts for the
polling place," said Register of Wills Ron Donatucci, leader of the 26th Ward in
South Philadelphia.

In days past, ward leaders might have pocketed a lot of money. There was an old
expression - "yellow birds" - for ward leaders who took street money, then flew
to Florida or the islands after the election for a vacation.

But nowadays, Election Day spending has to be documented in campaign-finance
reports.

Candidates have to report what they give to the Democratic City Committee. It
reports what it gives to each ward, and the wards file their own reports, all
publicly available documents.

Some are more detailed and filed in a more timely fashion than others, but since
reporters and political rivals have been combing them for years, the process is
much cleaner and more transparent than it used to be.

Is some money skimmed or wasted? No doubt, but I suspect that's true in most
Election Day field operations.

So street money isn't bribery, and it certainly isn't limited to black
neighborhoods, as some of my e-mailers seem to think.

The shower of bizarre communications I got made a little more sense when I
realized that my story had been linked on several conservative blogs, apparently
as evidence of Democratic corruption.

You can have a lively debate about whether it's smart for Obama to pay the ward
leaders or spurn them. One Democratic field operative said that he thinks that
ward organizations won't add much to what Obama's volunteer army can do, but
that "there's some goodwill at stake. A lot of these ward leaders are elected
officials." Twenty-two of them in Philadelphia, to be exact.

Ward leaders I spoke to yesterday weren't expecting street money from Obama, and
many resented it. Several said that they hear that Mayor Nutter will dip into
his campaign fund to make up the slack. No word from the mayor's office on that.

But I'm sure I'll hear from Hawaii. *

E-mail daviesd@phillynews.com or call 215-854-2595.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 10, 1992, Tuesday, Final Edition

Baptist Leader's Dream Unravels;
Tyson's Financial Support for World Center Falls Through

Laura Sessions Stepp, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1286 words

DATELINE: NASHVILLE


The Baptist World Center, the large but mostly empty headquarters of the
country's third-largest Protestant denomination, is testament to a prominent
pastor's dream that went sour. The dream stayed sour -- and the building
remained unpaid for -- even after the pastor hitched his star to Mike Tyson.

The connection between the former heavyweight champion and the Rev. T.J.
Jemison, president of the National Baptist Convention USA Inc., may have seemed
strange to outsiders when it surfaced this year during Tyson's rape trial.

Why was Jemison, a respected civil rights activist, leading a prayer rally on
behalf of a womanizer accused of raping a young Baptist Sunday school teacher?
Why was Jemison pushing petitions asking the judge for a lenient sentence?

"It was a dollar-and-cents proposition -- Tyson can't give away money when he's
in jail," said the Rev. Wallace Charles Smith, pastor of Washington's Shiloh
Baptist Church, which is affiliated with Jemison's convention.

Money is something Jemison needs a lot of to pay the Baptist Center's creditors,
and Tyson had said he would give the denomination up to $ 5 million. In the
minds of some, Jemison was risking the church's reputation to pay for a
construction project that many had said from the start was too grandiose.
Jemison was "compromising moral leadership at a time when the church is under
attack," said the Rev. Cain Hope Felder, a Howard University theologian.

Jemison declined to be interviewed for this article. His supporters said he
believed Tyson needed his help as the victim of a broken home and a racist
society.

But money also played a part, some within the National Baptist Convention
believe.

Four years ago, with the approval of his board of directors, Jemison took out a
$ 7 million loan from Third National Bank to build the first national
headquarters ever for a black religious denomination. To secure the loan, he put
up the 12-acre plot of land under the center -- a prime piece of real estate
that Southern Baptists gave the convention in the 1930s. He also used as
collateral the convention's Sunday School publishing house, site of a former
slave market near the city's convention center.

Jemison arranged for the convention to make only interest payments at first --
in the amount of $ 60,000 a month. In September 1990, a payment of $ 1.5 million
on the principal came due under terms of the original agreement.

That agreement was then altered twice to stretch out the principal payments. The
maturity date, when the entire loan must be paid off, is stated in the records
as 1994 "without grace," meaning without extension. About $ 5 million is left on
the principal, according to convention sources, and under the payout terms
currently recorded, the full loan will not be paid off by 1994. That means
Jemison will have to find new financing.

Before he got the loan, Jemison secured $ 1.5 million in pledges. But he ran
into trouble raising large amounts of money from the 7.5 million people in the
organization's 32,000 churches. When Tyson in 1990 offered him a sizable
donation -- put at $ 5 million by some convention officials, $ 1 million by
others -- Jemison was only too happy to accept.

In February 1990, according to convention sources, two convention leaders
traveled to Tokyo to watch Tyson defend his title against James "Buster"
Douglas. Tyson had said that if he won, some of the money would be theirs,
convention sources said. Douglas knocked out the champ, and Tyson's contribution
never materialized, but Jemison's courtship didn't stop.

Before Tyson's rape trial began in Indianapolis, Jemison spoke to accuser
Desiree Washington by telephone and visited her father. Jemison told the Baton
Rouge Advocate that "I told him that we could help him and that we should solve
this matter. I did not make any offers." He said the father mentioned money, but
"no one talked about specifics."

The FBI is investigating Desiree Washington's allegations that church officials
offered her money not to go to trial, but neither agents nor Washington will
elaborate.

According to a recent financial report, the World Center continues to bleed the
convention, the country's largest organization of black people. The body took in
$ 2 million in 1991 and spent $ 2.3 million. Most of the expenses were connected
to the Baptist World Center -- which opened in June 1989 -- including $ 1.75
million paid to Third National Bank.

The convention can't afford to move any of its top officers from their churches
to Nashville. It also can't afford to make badly needed repairs on its only
Bible college, the American Bible College next door.

A four-year institution with about 200 students, the college lives a
hand-to-mouth existence, propped up by payments of about $ 300,000 a year from
the largely white Southern Baptist Convention. Since 1983, the school has had to
take out two mortgages totaling more than $ 300,000 to pay for dorm renovations
and asbestos removal, and the Southern Baptist Convention has had to make two
emergency loans, according to Arthur Walker, a Southern Baptist official.

Supporters of Jemison, pastor of a large church in Baton Rouge, said he can
weather the current turmoil and restore the convention's financial health.

But others are not so sure. They said Jemison, 72, already is vulnerable because
of his outdated fiscal management and authoritarian leadership style. Recent
events have given his critics ammunition to run a strong candidate against him
should he choose to run for reelection in 1994, those sources said, and one
convention vice president already is on the campaign trail.

Seen from the air or the interstate highway, the house that Jemison built is
indeed imposing. Its silver spire soars 160 feet. A four-story atrium lobby
opens onto a 2,500-seat sanctuary. The 86,000- square-foot building also houses
a cafeteria, a library (presently empty) and classrooms. The executive suite
resembles a wealthy lawyer's office, with polished dark wood furniture, Oriental
vases and brass fixtures.


Jemison had argued that a national office would give the convention a needed
sense of identity and cohesiveness. Some of his advocates were unconvinced at
first that their organization should spend a lot of money on a building when
local black communities had so many economic needs.

"My sentiments were in favor of economic development at first," said the Rev.
Carey Pointer, president of the convention's Washington area chapter.

Other supporters, such as the Rev. Jerry Moore of 19th Street Baptist Church in
the District, wondered whether all or most of the money shouldn't be raised
first.

But Jemison persisted. The board eventually endorsed the idea of a world center.

Jemison has always commanded respect among his affiliate churches. A co-founder
of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference and the convention's general
secretary for 29 years, he was elected president in September 1982. He began a
national voter registration drive, set up a retirement fund for ministers and
approved a fund-raising campaign for black colleges.

A powerful orator, he would berate his audiences for Baptists' generally poor
record of giving. Then he would preach, sing and collect record amounts of money
-- more than $ 1 million at one meeting.

Some members, however, began questioning his management of money. He closed out
bank accounts across the country and consolidated them into accounts in Baton
Rouge. He boasted to people about carrying $ 1 million back to Baton Rouge in
suitcases. He maintained absolute control over the convention's finances, and
the closest thing convention members got to an audit was an oral report once a
year.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, THE WORLD BAPTIST CENTER IN NASHVILLE IS THE FIRST NATIONAL
HEADQUARTERS BUILT FOR A BLACK DENOMINATION. SAM PARRISH FOR TWP; PHOTO

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              932 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             March 6, 2010 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BLACK EYED PEAS SHELL OUT FOR A SUPER SHOW

BYLINE: Scott Mervis, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT; CONCERT REVIEW; Pg. B-8

LENGTH: 586 words


You know how a sports franchise will sometimes make a lot of money and not pump
it back into the team. You're all familiar with that.

Well, the Black Eyed Peas are not like one of those franchises. They made a ton
of cash when they stormed the top of the singles charts for the better part of
last year and, as they say, "I got my money, let's spend it up!"

Thursday night at Mellon Arena we got to see all the toys hit singles can buy in
one of the most eye-popping stage shows ever to play the building.

That money bought a stage that looked like the set of a Hollywood sci-fi
blockbuster with the five-piece band high up on a platform of flashing screens.
It bought all varieties of robot suits, ramps, risers, lasers, fog, confetti, a
flying cycle for Taboo and enough wardrobe changes to require a separate truck.

Frontman will.i.am, who hit the stage in the sickest looking silver sequined
Sgt. Pepper jacket, noted that when they played that NFL Kickoff Show at the
Point last summer, before this tour was launched, he said, "I can't wait to come
back to Pittsburgh to do the full show."

Along with the visual pop, the Peas had more time to strut their talents,
together and apart. First, they did the group thing with a rousing opener -- not
"I Gotta Feeling" but the age-old "Let's Get It Started," followed by a
mechanical "Rock Your Body" and the more romantic "Meet Me Halfway," making good
use of the center ramp.

will.i.am is at least a three-trick pony and his first trick was to freestyle in
staccato fashion off the fan texts scrolling on the screens. He's clearly won a
few hip-hop battles in his day. Later, he topped that by donning a shiny droid
suit with laser eyes for a thumping DJ set that mixed the King of Pop, Nirvana
and a joyous sing-along of Journey's "Don't Stop Believin'." Hire him for your
next party -- It will rock.

In lesser roles, Taboo did his cool cycle highwire bit and apl showed his b-boy
moves.

And then there was the lady with the "Humps," who has that ability to upstage
even the state-of-the-art action behind her. Fergie got a brief solo set in the
middle of the arena floor to show off her softer "Fergalicious" side. Not only
did she sing seductively --make no mistake that Fergie can sing -- but also she
was called upon to smooth over a fight below the stage with a soothing plea for
"love" and ultimately some muscle from the band's hulking bodyguard.

Once they all did their thing, the Peas reconvened to rock out at separate
podiums on "Now Generation," followed by will's favorite Peas' hit, "Pump It,"
and an all-out lovefest on the group's conscious hip-hop hit "Where Is the
Love?"

Between the lavish stage show, the splendid displays of talent and the many
Steelers shout-outs, the Peas had the nearly sold-out crowd so pumped for the
last two electropop smashes, "Boom Boom Pow" and "I Gotta Feeling," it was all
smiles and waving arms under the dome.

Mazel Tov! to the Peas for giving Pittsburghers suffering through a dismal
winter something to celebrate.

Opening was ATL rapper Ludacris, who fell off the top of the world over the past
decade. Over booming tracks that shook the dome, the good-natured MC raged
through "Stand Up," "Yeah" and other songs that would be staples of hip-hop
classic radio. Not only that, he had the crowd jumpin' to his new single "How
Low."

Newcomers LMFAO, featuring Motown founder Berry Gordy's son and nephew, might
have killed it in a club at midnight but the whole autotune "Party Rock" vibe
made little sense in the arena at 7:30.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: smervis@post-gazette.com; 412-263-2576. /

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Michael Henninger/Post-Gazette photos: Taboo of the Black Eyed
Peas rises up from the floor during the start of the show at Mellon Arena.
PHOTO: Fergie of the Black Eyed Peas sing during their show at Mellon Arena.
(photo page B-1)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              933 of 997 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                           October 20, 2005 Thursday
                                National Edition

Black demands FBI return his money: Seized $9-million, but no charges laid

BYLINE: Theresa Tedesco, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 584  words


In a thinly veiled challenge to the U.S. government, Conrad Black accused law
enforcement authorities yesterday of trying to prevent him from defending
himself against an "imminent" criminal indictment when they seized about
$9-million from the sale of his New York apartment.

According to a six-page letter delivered to the FBI in Chicago late yesterday,
Lord Black described the confiscation of the proceeds this month as
"overreaching and unjustified" and a "grotesque abuse of power." He demanded the
funds be returned.

Although Lord Black has not been charged with a criminal offence, the missive
signed by one of his U.S.-based lawyers says the former media mogul sold his
Park Avenue apartment in New York to raise funds to pay for lawyers to defend
him against an indictment that "could be imminent."

As a result, Lord Black's legal camp questioned the timing and motivation for
the U.S. government's "wrongful" and "unconscionable" seizure. "The government
knows full well that this seizure imposes substantial hardship on Mr. Black,"
the letter declared. "It is akin to confiscating David's slingshot on the eve of
his encounter with Goliath."

A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Illinois
declined to comment yesterday.

On Oct. 7, FBI agents took possession of $7US,908,687 at a real estate closing
as well as $1US,020,000 that had been held in escrow as part of the sale.

An affidavit by FBI Special Agent Mark Coleman was filed in Chicago on Oct. 6 to
support the seizure of the $9-million. That affidavit alleged that Lord Black
exercised an option in December, 2000, to buy the Park Avenue apartment from
another Hollinger subsidiary at below market value.

The apartment's fair market value would have been $5US.4-million, the government
claimed.

However, in a complex transaction involving another apartment in the building,
the affidavit claimed, Lord Black undervalued the unit by about $2US.4-million.
He sold the apartment in June for $10US.5-million.

The seizure warrant alleged the net proceeds are subject to forfeiture because
they are derived from fraud.

Lord Black vigorously disputes the allegations contained in the FBI affidavit,
saying he invested more than $2US.27-million of his own money to renovate the
second-floor apartment.

"The law requires the government to have a reasonable belief that every dollar
seized is the proceeds of illegal activity," the letter declares, adding that
courts have previously ruled that only "ill-gotten profits" can be seized.

In this case, Lord Black says there is no proof "to suggest that these funds are
tainted in any way or otherwise subject to forfeiture."

Sources close to Lord Black are convinced the U.S. government is attempting to
starve him of cash so that in the likely event they file criminal charges
against him, Lord Black would have difficulty defending himself.

Apparently, his legal bills are already mounting.

Last month, David Radler, Lord Black's former top deputy, agreed to a 29-month
prison term and a fine of $250US,000 in return for a guilty plea to one count of
mail fraud and his co-operation in a continuing criminal investigation.

Sources close to Lord Black expect he will be indicted on the basis of Mr.
Radler's testimony.

Lord Black has steadfastly maintained his innocence.

Lord Black and his closest associates have been under criminal and securities
investigation in the United States and Canada for allegedly siphoning
$32US-million from Chicago-based Hollinger International Inc.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Black & White
Photo: AFP, Getty Images; Lord Black says the FBI has no proof the money he made
on a real estate deal is "tainted in any way or otherwise subject to
forfeiture."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              934 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 30, 2016 Friday

Young: Issue not race but integrating money

BYLINE: Natalie Trusso Cafarello, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 579 words


Sept. 30--Civil-rights leader Andrew Young advised a Toledo audience to look at
the problems the country faces today from an economic point of view instead of
from a racial one.

"When Lincoln started talking about integrating money, he got shot. When Martin
Luther King started talking about integrating money, he got shot," Mr. Young
said. "The problem is not the race. The problem and opportunity is in the money.
"

Mr. Young, 84, spoke Thursday at the University of Toledo's 2016 Edward Shapiro
Distinguished Lecture Series at Savage Arena. More than 500 people came out on
the rainy night to hear his views on how to counter issues facing the nation.

In his talk, he weaved in insight and guidance given to him by his father and
Mr. King. He spoke of being a 4-year-old and living in a neighborhood with
Irish, Italians, and Nazis.

"I got along very well with the Irish and Italian kids, and also the Polish and
German kids," he said, adding that he had some Polish relatives. The guidance
his father gave him has stuck with him in dealing with fights.

"My father explained to me that Nazism and white supremacy is a sickness, and
you don't get angry with sick people. You have to find a way to help them. And
if you can't help them stay out of their way ... because it is contagious," he
said.

Instead of using emotion when tackling an adversary or problem, his father
advised him to use "reason and sanity, and deliberate organized thought and
analysis of a problem."

Mr. Young said poverty persists in neighborhoods where most of the people have
credit scores under 500. He said living in that type of neighborhood brought a
"whole bunch of operations that exploit the poor," such as check cashing and
payday loan services. He pointed out that this problem is shared by many races,
including white and black.

He did not waver when talking about controversial events. He pointed to the
killing of nine black people in a church in South Carolina by a white gunman
last year.

"We called it a race problem. That taking down the Confederate flag would make
it better. Come on, let's look back. There was no race involved in Connecticut
when they shot up the schools ... or when they bombed the post office in
Oklahoma. Those were all white people. We are trying to make a race problem out
of a mental health problem," he said.

He said people should not be ruled by money. Instead, they should respect and
understand it.

Mr. Young was the first black to serve as the U.S. ambassador to the United
Nations, appointed by President Jimmy Carter in 1977. In 1972, he became the
first black since Reconstruction to be elected to the House of Representatives
from Georgia.

Before those public service positions he was heavily involved in the
civil-rights movement of the 1960s, working as a confidante and strategist to
Mr. King.

Mr. Young marched many times in the deep South, including in May, 1963, in
Birmingham, Ala., where dogs were turned on those protesting segregation, and in
Selma, Ala., in 1965, which led to the Voting Rights Act.

The Edward Shapiro Distinguished Lecture Series was created by the late Edward
Shapiro, a professor emeritus in the department of economics. When he retired in
1989, he left an endowment which funds the lectures.

Contact Natalie Trusso Cafarello at: 419-724-6133, or ntrusso@theblade.com, or
on Twitter @natalietrusso.

___ (c)2016 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160930-TO-Young-Issue-not-race-but-integrating-money-0930-20160930

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2016 The Blade


                              935 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                              July 12, 2004 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Blacks urged to control images;
Speakers say some may not be aware of stereotyping

BYLINE: MARK SCHULTZ mschultz@heraldsun.com; 419-6646

SECTION: DURHAM; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 381  words


Black people must take control of their images to fight stereotypes some aren't
even aware of, speakers at the second annual Colored Pictures Film Festival said
this weekend.

From the 1915 silent film "Birth of a Nation" to the latest music videos by
Nelly and other hip hop stars, black people have been depicted as inferior,
ignorant or wildly sexual, speakers at the downtown Durham event said. Blacks
and others watch these images and think that's how black people really are,
speakers said.

"I see and am bombarded with images all the time," Durham psychologist Donna
Marie Winn said. "When [children] come away with these images, it's no wonder we
get the behaviors we're getting in school."

Historically, black women have been depicted as either the Jezebel or the Mammy,
a stereotype so beloved it was still being used to sell pancake syrup, said UNC
art history professor Michael Harris.

But like Aunt Jemima, today's popular images of black women are sending young
people mixed messages. In Nelly's "Tip Drill" video, the singer slides a credit
card down a woman's behind.

"You go from the Jezebel of old to what they call video 'hos,' " Winn said. "The
difference is women are choosing to participate in this. They feel that their
body is a commodity to be sold."

When blacks have made it behind or in front of the camera, they have often
bought into the stereotypes because that's how they make money, speakers said.

Denzel Washington won an Oscar playing a crooked cop in "Training Day," one
audience member noted, while "Antwone Fisher," the true-life drama he directed
about a young man trying to rise above an abusive childhood, barely made a dent
at the box office.

"The truth is, it's easy for me to make money off you if you're stupid," said
writer and director Kirk Griffin of Durham's Ujamma Digitalworks Inc.

Like the women in the Nelly video, blacks paying their money for the latest
Hollywood stereotypes "think they're making a choice," Griffin said. "But it's
not by accident; that's the way the system is designed."

Colored Pictures showcases work by emerging filmmakers of color. This year's
festival at the Carolina Theatre also included four short films made between
1918 and 1950, as well as a 1950s-era newsreel about Durham's then-thriving
Hayti business district.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 The Durham Herald Co.


                              936 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  December 31, 1993, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BLACK CAUCUS' FOUNDATION UNDER ATTACK

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 587 words


You can bet something more than good government is behind the attacks by
Republicans and conservative Democrats on foundations affiliated with various
caucuses in Congress. One target is a $ 100,000 donation that Nigeria's military
dictatorship gave to the Congressional Black Caucus Foundation.

Critics say this is an example of why foundations should be required to make
full disclosures of their donations and explain how foundation money is spent to
support Congress' 29 caucuses. The $ 100,000 check, the critics argue, is an
example of loose controls over money and influence between caucuses and
independent foundations.

In addition, some critics seek a law to forbid members of Congress from serving
on the boards of foundations of caucuses with which members are affiliated. Rep.
Alan Wheat of Kansas City happened to be the chairman of the Black Caucus
Foundation's board at the time of Nigeria's donation. He sees no conflict
between his work in Congress and service to the foundation, which, he says, has
a $ 2 million annual budget and distributes more than $ 300,000 in scholarships
each year and provides $ 200,000 annually for internships and fellowships.

There was nothing illegal about Nigeria's donation. Moreover the amount of money
involved pales in relation to the sums that lobbyists give to influence votes in
Congress. The caucus' executive director, Quentin Lawson, points out that it
gets larger donations from corporations that have specific legislative
interests, such as giant tobacco firms. Yet, conservatives do not get upset
about these donations. Nor are questions raised about donations from
multinational corporations that give money in part to influence the way Congress
treats foreign countries in which the multinationals do business.

Perhaps these caucuses should open their books to show that they have nothing to
hide - assuming they have nothing to hide. But the public also should know
there's a lot more than questions of clean government behind these attacks. They
are an attempt to undermine a major means through which many liberal caucuses
have gained clout.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              937 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    April 8, 1991, MONDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MR. WEBSTER SEEKS A WAY OUT

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 498 words


Missouri Attorney General William Webster would like nothing better than to
beknown as the man who extricated the state from paying for the St. Louis area
school desegregation plan. But his offer to buy the state's way out of the long,
complicated and still-incomplete court case smacks as much of expediency as it
does of justice. It ignores the state's historical role in creating segregation,
and the implications of the plan raise far more questions than they answer.  The
Webster plan, sent in a secret letter to members of the city School Board,
proposes to pay the city schools about $162 million over a five-year period; he
also would spend an additional $10 million over four years to encourage white
families to move into black neighborhoods and black families to move into white
neighborhoods. In return, the busing of black city students to schools in St.
Louis County would stop after the 1992-93 school year, except for students
already enrolled in the county.  About $740 million in state money has been
spent in the area school desegregation program, so the strong desire in
Jefferson City to get out of the case is understandable. Mr. Webster is running
for governor, and being able to claim he saved millions of dollars for state
money would score points with voters, particularly those from outstate who have
never liked having their tax dollars used to bus black St. Louis students to the
suburbs.  Yet as it stands, the plan is unworkable, with many questions
unanswered and perhaps unanswerable: How can state money ever reverse ingrained
city housing patterns that have existed for decades? Changing residential
discrimination in the city isn't a matter of dollars and cents; it's a matter of
common sense and common decency, and no amount of money from Jefferson City or
anywhere else can create those all-too-rare commodities. If the 13,000 city
students now bused to the county no longer have that option, where will the city
put them? The $131 million bond issue approved last week won't even pay for all
the repair and renovation in buildings needed for the current pupil population.
Returning thousands of students to the city would require reopening schools,
hiring teachers and spending money far beyond Mr. Webster's offer.  How will St.
Louis County school districts be affected? Socially, they will be poorer by
losing the diversity that city students bring. Financially, districts that have
attracted city students to fulfill their obligation in the desegregation plan
have received state money that is now built into their budgets. When those
students leave, some of the state money will be unneeded, but not all of it. The
end of desegregation payments will have a big impact on many county districts.
No one wants the desegregation case to go on forever, but it must end fairly.
Attorney General Webster deserves credit for seeking a reasonable way to end it.
But without answers to these and other questions, his plan falls far short.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              938 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            December 16, 2005 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Racketeering added to charges against Black

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 624  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


TORONTO (CP) -- The U.S. Attorney's Office in Chicago upped the ante in its case
against Conrad Black, dealing out new federal charges Thursday including
allegations the former media mogul was involved in racketeering.

The 61-year-old Black was hit with four new charges in total.

They collectively add 55 years to the potential 40-year jail sentence Black was
already facing if convicted on eight counts of fraud.

The new counts are racketeering, obstruction of justice, money laundering and
wire fraud. They stem from Black's time at the helm of Chicago-based newspaper
publisher Hollinger International Inc., owner of the Chicago Sun-Times and
former proprietor of the London Telegraph, Jerusalem Post and other publications
in the United States, Canada and abroad.

Black pleaded not guilty to the eight fraud counts at the beginning of this
month. He is scheduled to appear in a Chicago court Friday morning to face the
additional charges, which were laid by Patrick Fitzgerald, the U.S. Attorney for
the Northern District of Illinois.

Racketeering charges, under the U.S. Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt
Organizations act, known as RICO, are rare, said former U.S. federal prosecutor
Marc Mukasey, who was trained by Fitzgerald.

They were created as a tool to fight traditional organized crime such as the
Mafia and foreign drug cartels.

Under the racketeering count against Black, Fitzgerald is seeking forfeiture of
more than $92 million US.

He alleges that Black was the leader of Hollinger, a company that between 1998
and 2002 was operated through a pattern of frauds.

"What he's saying is that Black used his company as a racketeering enterprise,"
Mukasey said.

According to the U.S. Attorney's office, the purpose of the Hollinger enterprise
included:

n "Enriching Black, his associates, and their entities at the expense of
(Hollinger) International and its public, majority shareholders ... (and)
Canadian tax authorities."

n "Promoting and maintaining Black's control over the Hollinger Enterprise's
affairs."

n "Concealing fraudulent activities of, and the fraud proceeds received by
Black, his associates and their entities."

The obstruction count against Black, who lives in Toronto, alleges that Black
illegally took more than a dozen boxes out of the Toronto office of Hollinger
Inc., at 10 Toronto St., the company's then headquarters near the Bay Street
financial district.

A Canadian court had ordered that no documents be removed from the building
without court permission.

In addition, Black was notified on May 19 that the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission was looking for some documents, according to the allegations.

At about 5 p.m. on May 20 -- three hours after his assistant was thwarted in an
attempt to take some boxes and put them in her car -- Black showed up at the
office building and helped remove the boxes, the U.S. Attorney's Office said.

The charges of money laundering and fraud allege that Black illegally
transferred $2.15 million US in fraudulent proceeds from his Canadian account to
Hollinger's Chicago bank account to buy a New York apartment on Park Avenue from
the company.

Thursday's indictment, which supersedes the earlier charges, also added one new
count of wire fraud to the eight counts that co-defendent and former Hollinger
executive John Boultbee was facing.

The B.C. resident pleaded not guilty to the original eight counts earlier this
month and was released on a $1.5 million bond, the week after Black was freed on
$20 million US bail.

Boultbee and former Hollinger lawyer Mark Kipnis are both also scheduled to
appear in the Chicago federal court Friday morning.

Toronto-resident Peter Atkinson, another co-defendant, has been excused from
appearing because of a previously scheduled trip to Italy.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Associated Press; Conrad Black, seen here on Dec. 1, faces four
new charges that were laid Thursday.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2005 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 12, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Denny's checks smaller than plaintiffs expected

BYLINE: Del Jones

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 411 words


Thousands of blacks are mad at Denny's.

Again.

Claimants in a class-action discrimination suit, who were expecting thousands of
dollars, are now receiving checks in the mail worth less than $ 180.

"This is a slap in the face," says L.A. Washington, an airline employee in
Memphis who joined the lawsuit because he was twice told he had to pay in
advance to eat at Denny's.

The restaurant chain is paying $ 46 million to settle two lawsuits, just as it
agreed to do in May 1994. But until Monday, the number of claimants - 294,537 -
was kept secret.

The money will be divided evenly. Checks come to:

-- $ 177.71 to each of 158,523 claimants in California.

-- $ 132.28 to each of 136,014 in the other 49 states.

Rumors had spread among blacks that claimants would get up to $ 15,000. Joe
Hudson of River Rouge, Mich., who says a Denny's waitress spit in his coffee,
expected $ 10,000.

Denny's has taken huge strides to mend its reputation and win back black
customers. It buys $ 50 million in supplies from minority-owned companies, a
five-fold increase in two years. One in four restaurant managers is black, and
26 restaurants are owned by blacks.

Customer complaints are investigated by a third party and restaurants are tested
by monitors posing as customers. Denny's has donated heavily to black charities
and advertised to black audiences.

But all that effort at recapturing goodwill may evaporate when blacks open their
mail.

Denny's had no control because claims were certified and processed by a
court-appointed third party, CEO Ron Petty says. Denny's itself was surprised by
the number of claims, he says.

"Forty-six million (dollars) is not a small number," Petty says. He says he
doesn't know if there will be a black backlash against Denny's.

Claimants had to swear their claim was truthful on the form. But it would have
been costly, if not impossible, to weed out false claims.

Some claims were rejected for fraudulent Social Security numbers, others for
saying things that were obviously untrue. For example, some said they had
suffered discrimination at a drive-through. Denny's has no drive-throughs.

"My sense is a vast majority genuinely believe they were discriminated against,"
says John Relman, a lawyer for the customer plaintiffs.

Six Secret Service agents got $ 35,000 each. Fifty-two other early plaintiffs
got $ 15,000 each, but they were the first to come forth and spend time giving
depositions, Relman says.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              940 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday

City keeps secrets - yet again

BYLINE: ERIC HARTLEY Staff writer

SECTION: ARUNDELREPORT; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 792  words


Generally speaking, when a lawsuit is settled, the amount of the payment speaks
volumes.

A seven-figure settlement means the plaintiff had a pretty good case and the
defendant was scared of losing even more at trial. A settlement of, say, $25,000
- barely enough to cover the plaintiff's attorney fees in some cases - might
tell you the case was weak, but the defense didn't want the bother and expense
of a trial.

But what are we to think when the settlement is secret, as in the city of
Annapolis' recent agreement in a police brutality lawsuit?

The city has agreed to spend taxpayer money to pay two men who filed a federal
lawsuit last year against the Police Department.

But it won't say how much money, citing a confidentiality agreement signed with
the plaintiffs.

City Attorney Stephen Kling said last week: "That was entered into because we
felt it was in the best interest of the city." The plaintiffs' attorneys
declined to comment.

This seems like a pretty basic principle, but since so many in city government
don't seem to get it, here it is again: Taxpayers have a right to know how their
money is spent.

This is only the latest time the city has shown a puzzling indifference to the
law and the basic principle of the public's right to know.

When Kling refused to release public officials' ethics disclosure forms recently
because the city Ethics Commission hadn't met to review them, he freely admitted
he wasn't following the law, which flatly says they're to be made available at
any time. Instead, he was following some supposed policy.

Mayor Ellen O. Moyer and her former spokesman, Ray Weaver, didn't like answering
questions about how much money city employees made, though Weaver admitted the
law said they had to. Moyer once said her mother told her when she was "a little
girl" that talking about money, like discussing religion or politics, was
impolite.

Seriously. She really said this.

Some states have ways of dealing with such behavior; knowingly violating
Florida's public records law is punishable by up to a year in jail, for example.
Alas, Maryland law only allows for a $1,000 fine, which is rarely imposed.

At least some in government seem to understand who they work for. In recent
settlements involving the county Police Department, the county Office of Law has
released the amounts when asked.

"Our policy is to tell the public what's happening with its money," County
Attorney Jonathan Hodgson said this week. (What a concept!)

Recent county settlements include $25,000 for a man who alleged false arrest and
$90,000 for the family of a man fatally shot by an officer in 2005.

Hodgson said it's not unusual for plaintiffs to ask that a settlement be
confidential. But he said he has to comply with the law.

"It's one thing for the county to say to the plaintiff that it's confidential,"
he said. "But that doesn't mean the county has a free pass to violate the law if
a request for a public document comes in."

Hodgson also said he doesn't see the point of requiring a formal written request
in most cases, when his office can simply answer the question. If only the city
grasped this simple concept.

In the city case, two Annapolis men, Quentin Smith and Jose Louise
Meneses-Araiza, sued over separate incidents in 2005.

Meneses-Araiza said he was trying to translate for a Spanish-speaking person
whose car police had pulled over March 30, 2005, when Officer Gary Black, who
had ordered him to leave the scene, forced him to the ground, causing him to
strike his head and later resulting in brain hemorrhages and a blackout.

Meneses-Araiza said Black also punched and kicked him on the scene and at the
police station. The lawsuit alleges that Black then falsely accused
Meneses-Araiza of trying to stab him with a ballpoint pen so he could claim
Meneses-Araiza's injuries happened in the resulting scuffle. A prosecutor
dropped charges against Meneses-Araiza.

Smith said he was wrongly arrested Aug. 19, 2005, after yelling at police
officers who he said he believed were using too much force in arresting someone
on Clay Street. After forcing Smith to the ground, Black slammed his head
repeatedly, the lawsuit charges.

Smith said he was later told he'd be released with a citation if he didn't
pursue a complaint against Black. Smith was charged with failure to obey a
lawful order, but the charge was dropped. (Black is now a sheriff's deputy in
Caroline County.)

In court filings, the city denied most of the men's allegations, but it quietly
settled the case late last month. It may well be there's no merit to the case
and the city simply settled it to get it over with. The payment might have been
a pittance.

But when you keep things secret, you allow rumors to fill the vacuum. And you
look like you have something to hide.

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            October 10, 2005 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

BLACK HOLOCAUST MUSEUM STRUGGLING

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: MILWAUKEE (AP)


The nationally acclaimed America's Black Holocaust Museum is struggling
financially, due to its inability to find an executive director and lagging
attendance, officials say.

The nearly 20-year-old museum has gone from having a working capital budget of
$1.1 million a few years ago to not having enough money to make full mortgage
payments on its building.

"We're digging out of the hole," said Marissa Weaver, the museum's former
executive director, who recently came back to the board to help stabilize the
facility.

Since her departure, the museum has been led by a string of interim directors
working on month-to-month contracts.

Over the years, the museum has hosted a number of high-profile exhibits,
including the "A Slave Ship Speaks: the Wreck of the Henrietta Marie," which
brought in 75,000 visitors in 1999.

"It was wonderful and things were really booming," said Marty Stein, a
philanthropist who recently joined the board.

But in the past two weeks the museum has seen just 305 visitors.

Stein attributes the museum's current state to lack of leadership from its
board.

"There were people who didn't really take their responsibility seriously and
consequently let the museum drift," Stein said. "Now we are out raising money."

Board member Reuben Harpole said the museum needs to raise about $300,000 a year
for its operating budget.

One of the first of its kind in the country, the museum explores the struggles
of blacks in America from slavery to the present time. It was founded in 1988 by
James Cameron, who, in 1930, survived a lynch mob in his hometown of Marion,
Ind.

The National Underground Railroad Freedom Center, which has had nearly 300,000
visitors since opening in Cincinnati a year ago, looked to Milwaukee's museum
and others like it for tips and advice before opening, said Paul Bernish, chief
communications officer.

The museum recently received $75,000 as part of a project to turn the area into
an entertainment district. The money is for a facelift of the building and its
grounds, and for marketing.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SCOTT ANDERSON/ASSOCIATED PRESS Visitors entering America's Black
Holocaust Museum pass through a dark corridor designed to look like the hold of
a 19th century slave ship.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              942 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 November 5, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Rebuilding Dreams in Wire and Wax

SECTION: Section B; Page 2; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 817 words


Raven Chanticleer may have the most famous roommates in New York. There are
Malcolm X and Martin Luther King Jr., Adam Clayton Powell Jr., Josephine Baker
and Fannie Lou Hamer.

These are not just ghosts from the past. They are figures that seem to live and
breathe in Mr. Chanticleer's house on West 115th Street, which is also the home
of the African-American Wax Museum.

"I created these wax figures to keep alive their words and their deeds at a time
when too many African-Americans think we have no heroes," Mr. Chanticleer said
in a singsong voice thickened by years of smoking menthol cigarettes.

Besides the 14 life-sized wax figures he has molded, Mr. Chanticleer's private
museum is filled with his paintings and sculptures, which tell the story of
blacks in America. One set of oil paintings shows the passage of slaves from the
shores of Africa to the auction blocks and cotton fields of the South. A set of
charcoal-gray portraits celebrates famous black women, including Betty Shabazz,
the widow of Malcolm X; Clara Hale, who cared for the babies of drug addicts in
Harlem, and Gwendolyn Brooks, the Pulitzer Prize-winning poet.

A Symbol of a Man's Dream

But the museum is more than the sum of its parts, said Terry Morris, a lecturer
in African-American studies at Baruch College. "It is the living symbol of one
man's dream," he said.

The museum reflects the dreams of a man living in the past and the future. It
represents his effort to recapture the greatness of the Harlem of his childhood
and his belief that it can be resurrected.

Mr. Chanticleer grew up in the affluent Sugar Hill area during the 1940's and
50's. The son of a high school principal and a concert pianist who gave up her
career to raise him and his brother and sister, Mr. Chanticleer said that in
those days, "It felt like Harlem was the center of the world."

Walking around his neighborhood he would see Langston Hughes and Richard Wright
and Louis Armstrong. He recalled seeing Duke Ellington, Count Basie and Billie
Holiday in long-forgotten nightclubs and at the Apollo Theater. "White people
would come up to Harlem then to see these black gentlemen and ladies who were
the best in the world," he said. "It wasn't hard then for a black youngster to
dream of great things."

A Visit to Madame Tussaud's

Mr. Chanticleer dreamed of becoming an artist and a fashion designer. After
attending the University of Texas at Austin, he went to the Sorbonne in Paris to
study fashion design. It was on an excursion to London that he first saw wax
figures at Madame Tussaud's museum.

"I was captivated by this wondrous, vibrant art form," he said. "But I also was
upset that there weren't any black personalities represented. It was then that I
decided that one day I would have my own wax museum. Why? I don't know, just
craziness, you know."

He returned to the United States in 1965 and soon became one of the first black
clothing designers hired by Bergdorf Goodman. When he reached 50 in the early
1980's, Mr. Chanticleer began to reassess his life. "I wanted to do something
more than make money and have a nice home," he said. "I wanted to leave a legacy
and fulfill my dream by building my wax museum."

He bought the town house on West 115th Street, but his neighbors running the
crack den next door did not share his vision. They vandalized his car, broke his
windows and set his trash cans afire. He almost pulled up stakes. "But I
imagined myself as some kind of pioneer," he said. "And I figured if those
people in their covered wagons withstood all those Indians and the cold winters,
then so could I."

Investing Money and Effort

For eight years he poured his savings -- more than $60,000 -- into renovating
the building and buying supplies. He spent long hours in libraries studying the
lives of famous African-Americans and determining their precise pigmentation,
the shape of their heads, the curve of their hands and their distinguishing
features.

By 1989 he had outlasted the drug dealers and opened his museum. Because he
accepts no outside financing ("People who give you money always want to tell you
how to spend it"), keeping the museum open has been a challenge. He relies on
the admission fee, $10 for adults, $5 for children, from the 500 visitors who
come by each month and from the money he earns renting out the town house's top
three floors.

Although he has fulfilled his dream, he is not resting on his laurels. In fact,
he's expecting a new roommate early next year. "Right over there," he said,
pointing to the barest outline of wire and papier-mache, "that's Booker T.
Washington. Like my father always said, you can always tell a man by the company
he keeps."

The African-American Wax Museum is at 316 West 115th Street. It is open Tuesdays
to Sundays from 1 P.M. to 6 P.M., by appointment only, by calling 678-7818.
Group rates are available.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: "I created these wax figures to keep alive their words and their
deeds," said Raven Chanticleer. He stood with wax depictions of Malcolm X, left,
Mayor David N. Dinkins and Adam Clayton Powell Jr., at rear. (Chester Higgins
Jr./The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              943 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

Other voices: Good ideas for narrowing achievement gap

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 557 words


MADISON, Wis. -- This should get Wisconsin's attention:

White students from poor families are doing better in schools across the state
than black students from families with money.

"At its core, race is a huge issue here," Wisconsin Superintendent of Schools
Tony Evers said recently during a meeting with the Wisconsin State Journal
editorial board. "It's not just poverty."

Evers and his Task Force on Wisconsin's Achievement Gap just released new
statewide numbers highlighting the stubborn problem.

The group's report, "Promoting Excellence for All," found that 27.9 percent of
white third-graders who qualify for subsidized school lunch are proficient or
advanced readers. That's higher than the 26.9 percent of black students whose
families are not economically disadvantaged.

At the same time, 35.1 percent of eighth-graders who are white and poor are
proficient or better in math. But just 30.3 percent of black students from
families with money score that well.

The report also compares students of similar economic backgrounds. Asian and
white student whose families have money score twice as high in math as black
students from similar economic backgrounds. And the racial achievement gap for
reading for students whose families don't qualify for subsidized lunch is nearly
as large.

The reasons are varied, complicated and debatable.

Many black parents believe schools don't expect as much from their children.
Wisconsin schools -- including Madison's -- have few minority teachers, compared
to their high percentages of minority students.

More black families are poor and headed by single parents. The breakdown of the
family cannot be ignored.

Instruction may fail to consider different cultures, and parents may need extra
help and encouragement to get involved in schools -- or to help get their kids
to school on a regular basis.

Evers' group hopes to narrow the racial achievement gap across Wisconsin by
highlighting and sharing across districts those efforts that seem to be working.

It's a strategy well worth pursuing, among others.

Evers' task force looked at traditional public schools, public charter schools,
and private schools for best practices. Then it created a website featuring
success stories.

One good idea, from Robinson Elementary School, is to create an "angel list"
that ensures every child has a personal relationship with a teacher. Staff put
stickers on the pictures of each student they know and relate well with. Then
the district ensures that staff connect with those students who need it -- those
who don't have any stickers on their pictures. The students don't know they've
been selected or assigned a teacher for more engagement.

One big issue Evers' report doesn't address enough is the need for more minority
teachers as role models who better understand minority perspectives.

Wisconsin should consider financial incentives for minority college students who
earn teaching degrees and agree to teach in Wisconsin for several years.

One thing Wisconsin has done right is reduce or eliminate seniority restrictions
that make it harder for districts to hire and recruit minority teachers.

Higher pay can help, too, for teachers in high-demand fields or those who
demonstrate high performance or leadership.

No one strategy is the ultimate answer. But Evers' group is encouraging
progress.

-- The Wisconsin State Journal

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              944 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 1, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

Democrats' Fund-Raising Hurt by Late Start, Slump, Bush's Aura

Charles R. Babcock, Donald P. Baker, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A11

LENGTH: 1479 words


Last night at a hotel near the Astrodome in Houston, about 800 wealthy
Republicans gathered to hear President Bush at the first stop in a fund-raising
trip expected to raise more than $ 1.5 million for the president's reelection
effort.

In just two appearances -- the dinner in Houston and one tonight in Dallas --
Bush will have netted almost two-thirds the money that weeks of coffees, phone
calls and cocktail parties by all six major Democratic presidential candidates
have managed to raise.

The six Democrats had raised about $ 2.2 million through Sept. 30, according to
Federal Election Commission figures. To raise more, they will have to spend a
considerable amount of their time this fall convincing potential donors that it
is worth giving to a candidate with little national recognition who wants to
take on an incumbent president.

Because of their late start in entering the race -- four years ago candidates
such as Michael S. Dukakis had had active campaign organizations for as long as
seven months by this point in the election cycle -- most are building their fall
schedules more around meeting potential donors than voters.

Sen. Bob Kerrey (D-Neb.), for example, spent all of last week in Florida and
California raising money before returning to Nebraska at the end of the week for
an education conference. He was off again this week to New York and Texas for
more fund-raising events before heading for New Hampshire yesterday.

The other candidates -- Virginia Gov. L. Douglas Wilder, Arkansas Gov. Bill
Clinton, former California governor Edmund G. "Jerry" Brown Jr., Sen. Tom Harkin
of Iowa and former senator Paul E. Tsongas of Massachusetts -- are following
schedules that are much the same, even though it gives them little visibility
only 3 1/2 months before the New Hampshire primary.

Fund-raising "is at the top of the list," according to Kerrey's campaign
manager, Sue Casey. "We have to get on the schedule the time we need to raise
the money" in the next few months to be able to compete in New Hampshire, Maine
and other early tests with voters, she said. Kerrey, she added, is spending more
than half his time now trying to raise money.

Candidates know that money is for more than paying the light bills. It is viewed
as an early sign they have support that could translate into votes. Robert A.
Farmer, who ran Dukakis's fund-raising machine in the 1988 election and is doing
the same this time for Clinton, puts it simply: "Money is the first primary."

Early money can also create a bandwagon effect. Wilder, for example, said he
hopes his ability to attract black contributors will spur money from whites.
"When one group sees you can raise money, others hurry on board too," the
governor said before heading off on a midwestern money hunt this week. "Until
that happens, they're like Alphonse and Gaston, waiting to see who will make the
first move."

As incumbents, Bush and Vice President Quayle have real advantages in raising
money, starting with the list of 16,500 individuals who gave the legal limit of
$ 1,000 to Bush in the last primary season.

Margaret Alexander, deputy national finance chair for the campaign, said the
Bush-Quayle committee expected to raise about $ 750,000 at last night's $
1,000-a-plate dinner at the Sheraton Astrodome.  A dinner at the Dallas Hyatt
Regency tonight will add another $ 750,000 or so to the Bush-Quayle campaign
accounts, Alexander said.

In addition, a lunch today at the Dallas home of oilman and corporate raider T.
Boone Pickens Jr. will raise between $ 600,000 and $ 700,000 for the Texas GOP
to use in legal fights over legislative redistricting, according to party
chairman Fred Meyer.

No Democrat has anywhere near that kind of ability to loosen checkbooks. When
Wilder appeared 10 days ago in the same Dallas hotel Bush will visit today, he
received a jubilant reception by a record 1,800 people attending the annual
banquet of the Black Dallas Chamber of Commerce. But he left the city without
much more than promises of future contributions.

The late start by most of the Democrats is just one of several factors
complicating their fund-raising efforts, along with the tacit assumption by many
in the party that Bush is unbeatable.

None of the Democratic candidates has a national fund-raising base. And a
substantial part of the money that might be available has been frozen by
potential donors waiting to see whether New York Gov. Mario M. Cuomo jumps into
the race.

The economy that many Democrats see as the key to beating Bush next November has
also been a factor. Soliciting $ 1,000 checks, even in traditional cash-rich
states such as New York or California, has been hampered by the recession.

"There's no money in this economy," Tsongas said before a luncheon at the back
of a noisy seafood restaurant in Boston last week that raised about $ 4,200 for
his long-shot effort.

In the presidential primaries, donations of $ 250 or less are matched dollar for
dollar by public funds from a taxpayer checkoff pool. To qualify, a candidate
must raise $ 5,000 in such donations in 20 states and agree to limit primary
spending. The limit this year is about $ 32 million, a figure none of the
Democrats, at least, has to worry about breaking.

Here are sketches of the six Democratic contenders and how they are spending
their time:

Brown. The former California governor, who raised millions of dollars in his
most recent job as chairman of the state Democratic Party, is running against
the money system he cultivated so well. He said he will limit contributions to $
100 or less, and his stump speech attacks the moneyed special interests that he
says have captured Washington.

He reported raising $ 48,000, and spending about half of that, through Sept. 30,
although he didn't announce officially until Oct. 21.

Clinton. The Arkansas governor reported just over $ 200,000 in receipts by Sept.
30, a few days before he announced his candidacy. Since then he has made several
successful fund-raising stops, according to Farmer and finance director Craig
Smith.

Last Friday night, for example, Clinton and his wife, Hillary, traveled to
Farmer's home in Brookline, a Boston suburb, for a reception. A week before the
event, Farmer said he was inviting 600 people in the hopes that 150 or 200 would
show up and hoped the campaign would raise $ 50,000. As he introduced the
Clintons, Farmer announced that his event had raised $ 78,000.

Harkin. The first fund-raising report for the second-term senator showed he
raised $ 714,000 by Sept. 30, more than anyone but Tsongas, who has been on the
campaign trail much longer. Harkin raised nearly $ 60,000 from political action
committees (PACs) -- mostly labor unions -- by far the most of any candidate.

Harkin's direct-mail solicitations are being done by Mal Warwick of Berkeley,
Calif., who raised millions for Jesse Jackson in the 1988 campaign. The first
mail appeal, to his prior donors, denounced Bush on a number of issues. Another
targeted at supporters of Israel criticized Bush's Middle East policies.

Kerrey.  The Nebraska senator, who first considered entering the race and then
made the decision to do it in a matter of weeks, got a running start on his
fund-raising when he raised about $ 250,000 at a luncheon in Lincoln the day he
announced.

Hugh Westbrook, who has taken a leave from the chain of hospices he owns to
serve as Kerrey's treasurer, said "it's been tough out there because of the
short time-frame, and a very rough economy."

However, in the last three weeks, Westbrook said, money has "loosened up,"
including more than $ 100,000 that he raised at his home in Miami last week.

Tsongas. The party's first announced candidate has raised nearly $ 800,000 since
he started his campaign last spring. The biggest chunk was $ 200,000 from a
dinner in Boston in April.

Most of the Tsongas events are more like the $ 4,200 luncheon at Schooner's
restaurant in Boston last week, or the $ 8,750 collected that night at a dinner
in Andover hosted by his old friend and finance chairman, Nicholas Rizzo.

Like Dukakis before him, Tsongas has tapped the Greek-American community
nationwide for donations -- the source so far of about 20 percent of his money.
He also has used networks of friends from his college days at Dartmouth and Yale
and a stint in the Peace Corps.

Wilder. So far, more than half of Wilder's money -- $ 219,000 according to the
Sept. 30 FEC report -- has come from sources not readily available to his
competitors -- middle-class blacks, including black elected officials.

And if it were not for the $ 1,000 limitation on contributions, Wilder said he
could have raised "all the money I need" the night after he announced, from the
hundreds of prominent African Americans who attended a banquet hosted by the
Congressional Black Caucus in Washington.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              945 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 31, 2011 Monday

EDITORIAL: Smart money's on Honor Flight

BYLINE: Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 557 words


Jan. 31--Don Hoth is no dummy.

Within 48 hours after the Black Hawk County Gaming Association denied funding
for Waterloo-based Honor Flights of World War II veterans to Washington, D.C.,
association chairman Hoth announced the group's funding request would be
reconsidered.

It's a smart move, even if the association only gives the local Honor Flight
group one tenth of its $200,000 request.

Black Hawk County Supervisor and Vietnam veteran Craig White, who is trying to
organize several Honor Flights from the Waterloo Regional Airport, called the
denial a slap in the face.

In all fairness, the association members were simply applying their own funding
guidelines to the Honor Flight request. White's reaction was predictable. He is
a Vietnam veteran and understandably wears his heart on his sleeve when it comes
to veterans issues.

Hoth, too, is astute enough to know that guidelines, are, in fact, guidelines.

We recall that, under Hoth's direction, last year the gaming association
confined its funding requests to projects within Black Hawk County, and after
some discussion, funded a somewhat controversial electronic sign project request
from the National Cattle Congress. Hoth was not bashful about acknowledging that
both moves were designed to build support for voter approval when the
association's gaming license for continued operations of the Isle Casino Hotel
Waterloo came up for renewal last fall.

Hoth also is astute enough to know that many of the very veterans and their
relatives interested in participating in Honor Flight make up a
not-insignificant portion of the casino's clientele.

There is also precedent for other gaming operations in the state funding Honor
Flight, as evidenced by the Dubuque Racing Associations $20,000 grant last May
of Diamond Jo Casino revenues for the Honor Flight initiative in that city.

It may not be practical for the association to fully fund the Waterloo-based
Honor Flight's $200,000 request, particularly in light of previous funding
commitments for other major community projects, and Gov. Terry Branstad's
proposal this week for an increase in casino taxes.

However, some contribution would at least be an acknowledgement and token of
support for the local Honor Flight initiative that White could use to leverage
additional dollars to get the flights off the ground.

Setting aside the politics of the situation, it's the least the association
could do to acknowledge a generation that sacrificed so much to rid the world of
totalitarianism and preserve the way of life enjoyed today.

And, with last year's Honor Flights out of Cedar Rapids half full of Cedar
Valley-area World War II veterans, it only makes sense to stage such flights out
of Waterloo to accommodate those aging and increasingly frail veterans.

If the gaming association steps up, perhaps others will as well, so we all may
give those dwindling members of a generation that saved the world 70 year ago
the thanks they truly deserve, while they are still with us.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110131-OO-EDITORIAL-Smart-money-s-on-Honor-Flight-0131-20110131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              946 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              Las Cruces Sun-News

                             March 11, 2005 Friday

Cowboy event to benefit NM cancer research

BYLINE: Diana M. Alba

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 486 words


Sun-News reporter

Cowboys from around the Southwest will rope, ride and wrangle this weekend to
raise money for cancer research.

The 23rd annual Cowboys for Cancer Research team calf roping starts Saturday and
will continue through Sunday at an arena north of Las Cruces. The event is free
and open to the public.

Money from donations and fund-raisers associated with the roping will be given
to the University of New Mexico Cancer Research and Treatment Center in
Albuquerque. The event raised about $80,000 for cancer research last year, and
money raised this year is expected to top that figure, said Mike Black, a
volunteer who helps promote the roping.

Black said he has participated in the roping for the past four years and plans
to rope Saturday as well. He said helping to organize the roping has "opened my
eyes" to how many people suffer from cancer. Most people have a friend or family
member who has battled the disease, he said.

Ropers from around New Mexico and neighboring states are expected to attend,
said Denny Calhoun, a co-chairman of the organizing committee.

"We're expecting a huge turnout," Calhoun said. "We're just really excited ...
."

Black said even people who don't participate in ropings any other time of the
year will "get their horse out of the corral and come to this. It's the biggest
roping in southern New Mexico."

Prizes of belt buckles and saddles will be awarded to winners in each category.
The high-point scorer for the weekend will drive away with a $9,000 gooseneck
trailer, the top prize for the roping.

When it started 23 years ago, the event consisted of a team roping only, Calhoun
said. It raised about $700. The roping has grown to include a dinner and dance.
About 600 people bought tickets for the dinner this year, which will be held at
the Dickerson auction barn tonight.

A silent auction with items ranging from jewelry to horse tack will take place
at the roping.

Calhoun said even if people are not familiar with calf roping, the event will be
a good time to learn what it's about.

"It's just a very, very relaxed atmosphere," he said. "People can come and enjoy
themselves."

Calhoun recommended that people bring their lawn chairs because the arena has
limited seating.

Diana M. Alba can be reached at dalba@lcsun-news.com

If you go

[euro] What: Cowboys for Cancer Research team calf roping

[euro] When: 8 a.m. to 9 p.m., Saturday and Sunday

[euro] Where: Calhoun Arena

[euro] Food: Concession stand available

[euro] Directions: Drive north on Valley Drive, turn right onto Harvey Farm Road
about eight miles north of Las Cruces. Look for posted signs.

[euro] Information: Public can attend. Bring a lawn chair.

How to help

[euro] Send check donations to: Cowboys for Cancer Research, P.O. Box 202, Dona
Ana, NM 88032

[euro] Or make a donation on the net: http://www.cowboysforcancerresearch.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sun-News photo by Norm Dettlaff; Denny Calhoun changes a light bulb at
the top of a 35-foot pole Thursday at the Calhoun Arena rodeo grounds to prepare
for the annual Cowboys for Cancer Research Team Roping fund-raiser. The event
draws nearly 1,500 teams from New Mexico and west Texas to benefit the
University of New Mexico Cancer Research and Treatment Center.

                       Copyright 2005 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Weatherford Democrat (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 8, 2009 Wednesday

UPDATE: Black gets 6 years

BYLINE: Galen Scott, Weatherford Democrat, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 827 words


Apr. 8--DALLAS -- A federal judge sentenced Weatherford cattle rancher Oscar
Black to more than six years in prison Tuesday, the high end of relevant federal
sentencing guidelines.

Standing before U.S. District Judge Sam Lindsay, Black, 58, accepted the blame
for losing millions of dollars entrusted to him by personal acquaintances.

"What I did when business got bad was wrong and I accept responsibility for
those wrongs," Black told a crowded Dallas courtroom.

Black started collecting money from friends and acquaintances in 2000. He told
people he could guarantee a 12 percent annual rate of return, a claim which, in
conjunction with promises the money was insured, would ultimately generate more
than $3 million.

After he started using the money to prop up his struggling cattle business,
Black mailed fictitious statements fooling investors into believing their money
was appreciating.

In addition to defrauding individuals, Black, on some occasions, pledged the
same cattle as collateral for more than one bank loan. All together, he was
ordered to pay nearly $10 million in restitution to 24 investors and must
complete a 3-year term of supervised release after serving his 75-month
sentence.

Wes-Tex Feed Yards is supposed to receive just over $6 million of the total
restitution, First National Bank of Weatherford was awarded $590,000 and the
rest was assigned to individual investors.

Judge Lindsay said Black is required to pay at least $500 per month until
restitution is paid in full, starting when he is released from prison. At $500
per month, it would take more than 1,500 years to pay all the restitution.

Black's wife and children watched the hearing, seated across the courtroom from
a group of his victims which included Betty Burkhalter, Amy Bedinger, Linda
Gilbert and former Wes-Tex owner Louis Reeder, all of whom gave statements in
court asking the court for a maximum sentence.

"He has the kind of personality that if he gets out and times get hard, he is
going to do it again," said Betty Burkhalter.

In making the case for Black's punishment, more than one victim referred to a
bankruptcy Black filed in Mississippi. However, criminal charges were never
filed in relation to that case, and Lindsay said the court would not take events
in Mississippi into account.

Though he conceded his client's guilt, Black's attorney, Tim Evans, noted Black
didn't file for bankruptcy when things fell apart in early 2007. Evans also
pointed out Black authorized the sale of his home, valued between $1.2 and $2
million, even though Texas protects homesteads from debt collection.

Before handing down his sentence, Lindsay admonished Black for perpetrating the
investment scheme against people close to him.

"I sort of adhere to the old school," Lindsay said. "If you're going to do
something like this, you do not do it to your friends and acquaintances."

Lindsay said his sentence was not "a slap on the wrist."

"This is not a petty offense; it affected many people and the amount involved is
huge," he added. "I think it needs to be a sentence that puts the public on
notice that if someone engages in this type of criminal behavior, there will be
serious consequences."

Though no concrete evidence was presented that funds were diverted, much of the
five-hour hearing was devoted to witness testimony regarding the final
disposition of Black's cross-collateralized cattle. Specifically, Evans
questioned six witnesses about weight tickets, bills of lading and other records
that he said would reveal what happened to unaccounted for cattle.

"I subpoenaed everybody I could think of to try and get those [weight] tickets,"
Evans told the court. "That's exactly what I was looking for and I didn't find
near the quantity I was looking for."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Jay Weimer, who prosecuted the case, said a legitimate
suspicion does exist that some of Black's assets were disposed of improperly.

"Whether there was fault involved or not, there was some evidence introduced
that not all of the cattle that Oscar Black owned were credited to his account,
as they should have been," Weimer said.

After the hearing was adjourned, Weimer assured victims outside the courtroom
there is no early parole in the federal system and Weimer confirmed Black waived
his right to appeal in a plea agreement.

Black was ordered to surrender to prison officials May 19. When asked his
preference, Evans requested that Black be placed either in Ft. Worth or
Seagoville.

The Bureau of Prisons will ultimately decide where Black will be incarcerated.

To see more of the Weatherford Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.weatherforddemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Weatherford Democrat,
Texas Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090408-ZQ-UPDATE-Black-gets-6-years-0408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZQ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              948 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   Mail Today

                             March 1, 2012 Thursday

MAIL TODAY COMMENT

BYLINE: Mail Today

LENGTH: 614  words


Implement proposals of panel on black money

THE government's high- level committee on black money appears to have done its
homework in coming up with a draft report to drastically overhaul the country's
judicial and administrative machinery to check the flow of black money in the
country.

The committee wants to introduce in India, its own version of the USA's Patriot
Act, under which global financial transactions above a threshold limit by, or
with, Americans get reported to the law enforcement agencies such as the IRS and
FBI. This will help the tax authorities track overseas transactions undertaken
by Indian account holders, and check the money from flowing out.

Real estate has been identified as the sector which accounts for the largest
part of the black economy in India.

To rein in black money deals in real estate, the committee has rightly
recommended that pre- emptive purchase of immovable properties should be
reintroduced in the Income Tax law. Any windfall gain in such transactions would
thus accrue to the government, and can be channelised for social sector schemes
instead of being frittered away in conspicuous consumption by speculators.

An enhanced prison term for tax dodgers and fast- tracking the trial in such
cases will go a long way in acting as a deterrent. This will bring the Indian
system in tune with that in the developed countries. The report is comprehensive
in that it also includes a provision for the protection of whistleblowers.

The Centre must now ensure that the proposals are implemented at the earliest
rather than being left to gather dust in North Block.

Grim state of affairs

THAT India's economic growth has slowed to its weakest annual pace in almost
three years in the third quarter of 2011 is a matter of concern.

In considerable measure this sad state of affairs has been aided by the policy
paralysis that has gripped the UPA- II government.

The high interest rate regime and the high input costs have acted as a brake on
investment and manufacturing. And figures for the fourth quarter are unlikely to
offer any relief- eight core sectors grew just 0.5 per cent in January.

At one level, however, the slowdown is virtually global. Chinese growth has been
falling for the past four quarters and the January- March growth is also
expected to fall.

Growth is likely to remain below 7 per cent in the coming period as well, and
now we also have the burden of rising crude oil prices.

Industry is hoping that the RBI will ease its 20- month old rate tightening
cycle to check inflation. Most important, the government must shed its policy
torpor.

From 2007- 2010, growth averaged near 9 per cent, and its fall to 7 per cent or
below will certainly dent the image of the UPA government.

Kohli has what it takes

IF there is a silver lining to the disastrous tour the Indian team has had Down
Under, it has been the emergence of youngster Virat Kohli as one of its pillars.
The manner in which Kohli brought India home in their tie against Sri Lanka,
keeping the team's hopes alive in the tri- series, indicates that he has what it
takes to be the next big star of Indian cricket.

Truth to tell, his ODI record reads a lot better than Sachin Tendulkar's for
that stage of the latter's career.

When seen in tandem with his performance in the last two matches of the Test
series against Australia, as also his fielding and communication skills, it
seems only a matter of time before Kohli dons the mantle of leading the team.

This makes his appointment as the vicecaptain of the team for the forthcoming
Asia Cup a step in the right direction. Unfortunately, the same cannot be said
about the selectors persisting with Sachin Tendulkar in the ODI squad.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2012 Mail Today, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           January 29, 2009 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE STATE

SECTION: OBITS; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 258 words


Cox's prize donation might go to creditors

ATLANTA - The $1 million that Georgia schools Superintendent Kathy Cox won for
charity on a game show last fall could end up in the hands of her creditors
because of her personal bankruptcy filing.

Mrs. Cox had announced she was giving the money to three public schools for deaf
and blind students, but it is unclear now whether the institutions will get the
prize she won in August on Fox's Are You Smarter than a 5th Grader? said
attorneys working on the bankruptcy case. Alex Teel, the attorney for the
bankruptcy trustee, said his client is exploring making a claim on the prize
money.

"If in fact that was her money - it belonged to her - and she made a decision to
give it away when she owed hundred of thousands of dollars, I think our position
is it could be recovered by the trustee for the benefit of creditors," Mr. Teel
said Wednesday.

A decision on whether to go after the money should be made in the next few
weeks, he said.

Mrs. Cox and her husband, John, filed for bankruptcy Nov. 17, claiming $3.5
million in debt because of his Fayette County homebuilding business.

Plan to merge black schools goes to board

ATLANTA - A state lawmaker who supports merging several historically black
public colleges in Georgia has introduced a resolution urging the Board of
Regents to move ahead with the cost-saving move.

State Sen. Seth Harp wants to merge historically black Savannah State University
with Armstrong Atlantic State University and Albany State University with Darton
College.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    January 18, 2004 Sunday Ontario Edition

Black fired, sued for $200M

BYLINE: Rick Westhead, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 800 words

HIGHLIGHT:
Media mogul sacked as Hollinger International chairman Deal reportedly near to
sell stake in London Daily Telegraph


Hollinger International sues Black

Embattled media mogul Conrad Black's own company has turned on him.

Hollinger International Inc., the U.S. subsidiary of Toronto-based Hollinger
Inc., yesterday announced it has fired Black as chairman and filed a $200
million (U.S.) lawsuit against Black, his former top lieutenant David Radler and
the companies Black has used to control the publishing juggernaut.

Black remains in charge of Hollinger Inc.

The lawsuit seeks more than $21 million (U.S.) from Black alone and is the
latest setback for one of Canada's most outspoken public figures.

Since an internal Hollinger International committee in November ordered him to
repay fees that had not been authorized by the company's board of directors,
Black has come under scrutiny from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission,
and is trying to sell homes in London and Palm Beach, Fla.

In the complaint filed late Friday in New York, Hollinger International alleged
Black, Radler and others diverted company assets and breached their fiduciary
duty to Hollinger International and its shareholders by exploiting so-called
"non-competition agreements."

The payments were made by companies such as CanWest Global Communications Corp.
that acquired newspaper assets from Hollinger and were intended to prevent Black
and his colleagues from starting or buying papers in the same cities where'd
they just sold publications.

Instead of returning those bonuses to Hollinger International coffers, however,
Black and others kept the money.

Black controls 73 per cent of the voting rights in Hollinger International.

This is through Hollinger Inc., which is owned by Ravelston, his investment
concern.

"In light of what has been uncovered in our investigation to date, the special
committee determined that it could not wait any longer to begin the process of
recovering unjust, unwarranted or excessive payments," said Richard Breeden, who
has headed Hollinger International's internal investigation.

The complaint, which demands a jury trial, also alleges that management fees in
excess of $224 million paid to Ravelston Management Inc., a closely held company
controlled by Black, were excessive.

Hollinger International publishes the Chicago Sun-Times, Jerusalem Post and
flagship London Daily Telegraph.

The Sunday Telegraph reported today Black is close to reaching a deal with David
and Frederick Barclay, brothers who own London's Sunday Business and The
Scotsman, to sell a controlling stake in the Telegraph Group's parent company
for more than $200 million.

Among Hollinger International's demands is that Black and others return $52.9
million paid in connection with the sale of assets to CanWest in 2000. Seeking
to cut debt, Hollinger agreed to sell most of its Canadian papers to CanWest for
about $1.8 billion.

Black has been ordered to pay back $21.4 million, plus any compensation that
Hollinger International paid him when he was allegedly breaching his fiduciary
duty to the company.

In November, after shareholders challenged Black's using company money to
maintain his lavish lifestyle, an internal committee ordered Black and three
other Hollinger officials to return $32.2 million in unauthorized payments -
although Hollinger International yesterday said those payments totalled $90
million.

While Black initially resigned as chief executive and agreed to return $7.2
million, he has yet to pay any of the money back. Black has said he's completing
his own investigation.

A lawyer representing Black, John Warden, said in a statement that Black has
shown the special committee evidence contradicting its earlier statements that
the payments to Black had not been authorized.

Warden called the lawsuit an attempt "to divert attention from the fallacy of
their earlier claims" as well as an effort to hinder Black from making a
transaction that would provide needed money to its parent company, reports.

The lawsuit was based on information uncovered by a special committee formed in
June to investigate shareholder concerns.

The committee is expected to make a full report of its findings this spring.

The son of a millionaire brewing executive, Black began buying newspapers in
1967, inspired by tales of American newspaper tycoon William Randolph Hearst.

But it was his move to take control of Toronto-based holding company Argus Corp.
in 1978 that made Black a household name.

He shed companies such as Dominion supermarket chain, where he fought with
workers over the grocer's pension surplus, and farm equipment maker
Massey-Ferguson, shifting his attention to Hollinger, a mining company.

He subsequently turned it into what would become a newspaper company with ties
around the world.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2004 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              951 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 30, 2015 Wednesday

Beanie Bags Review and Rating

LENGTH: 866  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Reno: Jimmy Beans Wool has issued the following Press release:



  Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.



  3 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     3 of 129

  Review by: Marnita     (read Marnita's 1 other reviews)     Dec 25, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: 03-Month Gift Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  1 out of 3 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     4 of 129

  Review by: kbauerle     (read kbauerle's 2 other reviews)     Dec 24, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  4 out of 10 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     5 of 129

  Review by: MargoG     (read MargoG's 2 other reviews)     Dec 23, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  6 out of 10 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Beanie Bags     6 of 129

  Review by: Paula R     (read Paula R's 2 other reviews)     Dec 23, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 Although the yarns are wonderful, the colors are not, nor are the colors what
is depicted in the ads. My three bags were mostly neutrals, off white, grey/
black or a non descriptive color, very disappointed, and to be told in online
chat with a customer representative, that it was a matter of taste, since these
are prepaid, they have your money not your wishes. Would have liked what the ads
depict.

  4 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Disappointing     7 of 129

  Review by: Southerngreen     (read Southerngreen's 1 other reviews)     Dec
22, 2015

  Rating: 2 out of 5 stars (2 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: 03-Month Gift Subscription - *USA

 I expected a small project that I could work with one of the school girls I am
teaching, but no. There was not enough yarn to make the project as laid out in
the pattern, and the project itself was cheesy. I would love to be able to give
a great review, but I can't. The most impressive thing about it was the zipper
bag it came in.

  13 out of 20 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     8 of 129

  Review by: kbauerle     (read kbauerle's 2 other reviews)     Dec 22, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  1 out of 1 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     9 of 129

  Review by: reginaj55     (read reginaj55's 1 other reviews)     Dec 21, 2015

  Rating: 5 out of 5 stars (5 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  4 out of 7 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?



  Love My Beanie Bag!     10 of 129

  Review by: susan4455     (read susan4455's 1 other reviews)     Dec 21, 2015

  Rating: 4 out of 5 stars (4 out of 5)

  Product reviewed: *Monthly* Auto-Renew Subscription - *USA

 I am so glad that I gave up my monthly makeup subscription and put the money
towards this instead!!

  0 out of 1 found this review helpful      Do you think this review was
helpful?





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 21, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

BENEFITS

SECTION: Section 9; Column 3; Style Desk; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 587 words


Preserving Alaska
WEDNESDAY -- Bruce Babbitt, the former Interior Secretary, will speak at a
dinner at the Metropolitan Club, 1 East 60th Street (Fifth Avenue), to raise
money for the Alaska Conservation Foundation. David Rockefeller Jr. will be
honored for his service on the board and his support of the organization, which
seeks to protect Alaska's ecosystems. Cocktails at 6:30 will be followed by
dinner at 7:30. Tickets, $500, from (212) 935-1840.


Learning From the Toes Up
WEDNESDAY -- A benefit gala for the Joyce Theater, 175 Eighth Avenue (19th
Street), will feature dance performances by Robert LaFosse and Shelley
Washington, among others. The evening will raise money for the theater's
programs, which include dance education in New York City public schools and free
admission to shows at the theater for schoolchildren. The performances, at the
Joyce at 7, will be followed by dinner at 8:30 at the 200 Fifth Club, 200 Fifth
Avenue (23rd Street). Transportation will be provided from the theater to the
restaurant. Tickets, $400, from (212) 691-9740.

Out of the Mainstream Vision
THURSDAY -- A cocktail party and preview of the Outsider Art Fair, at the Puck
Building, will raise money for the educational and public outreach programs of
the Museum of American Folk Art. The evening begins at 5:30 with cocktails, hors
d'oeuvres and a first glimpse of the works of artists considered to be outside
the mainstream. Tickets for entry at 5:30, $200, or $100 for those 35 and
younger, and $75 for entry at 6:30, from (212) 977-7170.

The Young Amid the Old
THURSDAY -- Young collectors will gather at the Winter Antiques Show at the
Seventh Regiment Armory for an evening that will benefit the East Side House
Settlement, the 110-year-old South Bronx social services organization. Seventy
exhibitors will show American, European and Asian furniture and decorative and
fine arts, and a special collection from Colonial Williamsburg will be on
display. The event begins with cocktails and hors d'oeuvres at 6:30. Tickets,
$135, from (718) 292-7392, or $160 at the door.

Fashion's Future
THURSDAY -- A black-tie dinner and dance at the New York Hilton will raise money
for scholarships and educational development at the Fashion Institute of
Technology. The evening, sponsored by the Educational Foundation for the Fashion
Industries, begins at 6:30 with drinks; dinner and dancing will follow at 7:30.
Cathleen Black, the president of Hearst Magazines, and Ronald L. Frasch, the
chairman of Bergdorf Goodman, will be honored. Tickets, $500, from (212)
217-7820.

Viennese Opera Ball
FRIDAY -- A dinner and dance at the Waldorf-Astoria will raise money for
research at the Herbert Irving Comprehensive Cancer Center at the
Columbia-Presbyterian Center of New York Presbyterian Hospital. A champagne
reception at 8 will be followed at 9 by a grand march and dinner. Members of
opera companies including the Graz Opera will perform at 10:30. And from 1 until
4 A.M., there will be a Viennese "tanz bar," a cabaret featuring more music,
dancing, food and drinks. White tie. Tickets, $370, from (212) 819-0158.

Dinner for the Y
JAN. 30 -- A black-tie dinner at the New York Marriott Marquis will raise money
for programs at the 92nd Street Y, which include social services for children
and adults as well as arts, education and Jewish studies. Edgar Bronfman, Edgar
Bronfman Jr. and Matthew Bronfman will be honored for their support and their
philanthropy. Cocktails at 6:30 and dinner at 7:45. Tickets, $1,000 from (212)
362-2233.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              953 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 10, 1981, Saturday, Final Edition

Robb Camp Accused Of Buying Support Of Va. Black Group;
Robb Camp Accused of Buying Support of Black Organization

BYLINE: By Glenn Frankel, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B1

LENGTH: 980 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND, Oct. 9, 1981


Virginia gubernatorial candidate Charles S. Robb was accused today of securing
the support of the state's foremost black political organization by funneling
the group money in advance of its expected endorsement of Robb and his
Democratic running mates.

The charge by three black independents who are staging what they concede will be
a futile write-in campaign for the state's top political offices, was
immediately denied by the Robb campaign and the chairman of the Virginia Crusade
for Voters.

The exchange, on the eve of the Crusade's endorsement meeting here, underscored
the deep and increasingly bitter split in the state's traditionally Democratic
black community over the conservative Robb.

Cora Tucker, a Halifax housewife running as a write-in gubernatorial candidate,
accused the Crusade and other black organizations supporting Robb of "falling
for conniving promises made to their leaders." She labeled Robb and his
Republican opponent, J. Marshall Coleman, as "Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum,
Virginia's political twins," and accused them of courting white conservatives
while ignoring black interests.

Her running mate for attorney general, James Ghee, a member of the Prince Edward
County Board of Supervisors, said at a press conference the Robb campaign had
already donated "in the neighborhood of $25,000 to $30,000" to the Crusade in
return for tomorrow's endorsement. Ghee, who refused to name the source of his
information, charged that the Crusade "has been bought before the decision is
made."

Ghee refused to characterize the donation as illegal. "Draw your own
conclusions," he told reporters at the State Capitol.

William S. Thornton, the Crusade's chairman and a Richmond podiatrist, called
Ghee's accusation "an attempt by an ambitious person to tarnish our credibility
. . . We have not asked for any money and we have not received any money. We do
not even have a treasurer."

"Street money" is a traditional element in Virginia election campaigns and
candidates in the past have spent $50,000 to $75,000 to turn out black voters,
who make up an estimated 13 percent of the state's registered voters.

Thornton said the Richmond Crusade for Voters, a separate organization from the
state Crusade, traditionally has received $8,000 to $12,000 from candidates it
endorses. The money, he said, is used to pay for posters, brochures and the
"guide ballots" that the vast majority of urban blacks are said to use at the
polls. The funds are also used to pay poll workers in black precincts on
election day.

The Richmond Crusade and its sister group, Concerned Citizens in Norfolk, are
expected to back Robb. Robb spokesman George Stoddart said the campaign has not
donated money to any black group, although he left open the possibility that
funds would be made available once the endorsements had been made.

Blacks from Southside Virginia's 5th Congressional District launched the
write-in effort a month ago after complaining about a lack of responsiveness
from Robb and Coleman, both of whom had received considerable black support four
years ago in their contests for lieutenant governor and attorney general.

Many blacks have been upset with Robb's refusal to support extension of the key
"preclearance" provision of the Voting Rights Act, a major civil rights measure
originally passed under the leadership of Robb's late father-in-law, President
Lyndon Johnson. The provision requires states such as Virginia with a history of
racial discrimination in voting to secure prior approval from the Justice
Department for all election law changes.

In recent weeks, Robb has softened his position, saying he would support
extension so long as an amendment was added allowing states and localities with
a clean record to eventually escape federal oversight. He has added that
Virginia would not be eligible for such a "bail out" because of the department's
recent finding that the state's legislative reapportionment plans were
discriminatory.

That change has not been good enough for many blacks. On Wednesday, Robb was
castigated by NAACP leaders in Alexandria for his voting rights stand as well as
for his support of the Reagan administration's federal budget cuts.

At their press conference today, the black write-in candidates labeled Robb's
change "political crumbs," which Tucker said were too little and too late to
persuade them to call off their campaign.

The write-in effort has not attracted much support statewide. Even as they
attacked Robb, Alexandria black leaders conceded they would probably support his
election and recent polls indicate Robb can expect to receive up to 90 percent
of the vote from blacks who, while dissatisfied with him are even more concerned
about Coleman's close identification with President Reagan.

"Chuck's not all I would like in a candidate but I do recognize the fact that
this is Virginia," said Newport News Del. Robert C. Scott, one of only five
blacks in the 140-member General Assembly. Scott said the Crusade would endorse
Robb because "What other choice is there?"

Still, some Robb aides privately concede the write-in campaign could cost their
man between 5,000 and 10,000 normally Democratic votes, enough to hurt him in a
close race. Equally important, they fear it could be a factor in causing other
blacks and white liberals to stay home on election day. Robb himself has called
the black vote "the critical margin of difference" that could determine this
year's winner.

The write-in candidates deny their movement is aimed at either candidate,
although their candidate for lieutenant governor, Lynchburg accountant Jesse
Jeffress, attended the Republican National Convention last year as an alternate
delegate pledged to Reagan. That has led to suggestions from some Democrats that
Republicans are backing the write-in effort, a charge that the Coleman campaign
denies.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Write-in slate has called Robb and Coleman "Tweedle Dee and
Tweedle Dum"

                       Copyright 1981 The Washington Post


                              954 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 28, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

INVESTING IN MINORITY BUSINESS

BYLINE: By PENNY SINGER

SECTION: Section 11WC; Page 16, Column 3; Westchester Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1484 words


IN Summit, N.J., Dr. Lemuel Leeper, a black biochemist and the inventor of a
special shaving cream, needs money to manufacture and distribute his product. In
Atlanta, a Vietnamese-Chinese proprietor of the Mayleese Chinese Fast Food
Service needs money to expand his two successful stores into a chain. In
Puyallup, Wash., Earl Reubel, the black owner of a helicopter service company,
needs money for a new business opportunity to make up for the disappearance of
his prime customers: the oil exploratory companies. In Tulsa, Okla., the black
owner of a trucking company, buffeted by forces beyond its control, needs money
to turn the company around and get it out of bankruptcy.

What these minority-owned companies have in common is that they have all
received some form of financing from a General Foods subsidiary, North Street
Capital Corporation in White Plains.

North Street was one of the first Minority Enterprise Small Business Investment
Companies created under 1970 Federal legislation. North Street, capitalized 15
years ago with $150,000, now has $2.6 million invested in companies founded and
managed by minorities.

In addition, North Street has leveraged its capital to the amount of $1.5
million under Small Business Administration rules that allow a minority
enterprise company $4 of Federal money for every $1 the parent company
contributes: more precisely, such a company can sell the Small Business
Administration both $2 of preferred stock for every $1 raised internally and $2
of debentures for every $1 put up.

It is its 51-year-old president, Ralph McNeal Sr., who is responsible for the
overall planning and development of the North Street Capital Corporation. Mr.
McNeal, with a background in financing and planning, is an experienced venture
capitalist, having previously run the Coalition Venture Corporation, which
financed minority-owned ventures in the five boroughs of New York City.

Mr. McNeal said that North Street, as a corporate-owned venture company, had the
advantage of drawing on the talents of General Foods executives whenever it made
an investment in a minority company. ''They contribute the very necessary
marketing, financial and computer expertise,'' he said.

To date, the General Foods venture company has financed 40 companies. The assets
in the companies it still has in its portfolio total $35 million, said Mr.
McNeal, adding: ''We've also been able to leverage an additional $45 million
from other financial institutions.''

Since its inception, North Street has financed all sorts of businesses, from
Essence, the national magazine for black women, to a TV broadcast company.
''Although there are no specific restrictions as to the type of businesses we
will consider,'' said Mr. McNeal, ''the businesses must have a ballpark value of
$1 million and fall within the guidelines set by the Small Business
Administration.''

Investment proposals are considered from qualifying entrepreneurs who reside in
New York, New Jersey, Connecticut and other areas where General Foods maintains
a major facility. Although North Street looks at some 150 candidates yearly, it
makes only three or four new investments a year, either in start-up ventures,
buy-outs or leverage buy-outs.

What North Street deems most important in evaluating an investment proposal is
evidence of strong management, said Mr. McNeal. ''We ask ourselves if management
can carry out the business plans successfully. How well do they know the
industry? How much money are they putting up themselves? Investment policies are
examined closely and are investigated and evaluated over several weeks.''

Usually North Street is the lead investor in what Mr. McNeal describes as a
joint venture deal with another minority-enterprise company or a venture capital
partnership, in order to spread the risk and at the same time get the new
company more capital.

Dr. Leeper, the biochemist, had already raised $62,000 privately but was
$312,000 short when he wanted to expand his company. The North Street board of
directors liked his business plans and believed he had a solid product. It
invested $175,000 and raised the rest in preferred stock warrants.

''Easy Shave, Dr. Leeper's company, makes skin creams, gels and hair products
for the black customer; these products represent a medical technological
breakthrough,'' said Mr. McNeal, ''in that they correct pseudofollic skin
problems common to black men and contact dermatitis, two serious shaving
problems. We put Dr. Leeper together with a good marketing person and the future
of the company looks very promising.''

In the case of Mayleese, the Chinese fast food service company, Mr. McNeal spoke
highly about the business ability of its Vietnamese-Chinese owner. ''Not only
did he have a doctorate in nutrition, but he had a track record. He had been
successfully operating two restaurants for 10 years to prove his theories. His
business plan was very sophisticated and five years ahead of the industry. We
interested five other minority enterprise companies in participating in making
him a $1 million investment, which is what he needed at this stage. In 1985,
Chinese fast food was a $5.8 billion industry and this year it is expected to
grow even more.''

North Street also helped finance Highlite Helicopters Inc. of Puyallup, Wash.,
because its owner, Earl Reubel, had run it as a successful business for 17
years.

''Before his business was curtailed by forces over which he has no control,''
Mr. McNeal said, ''Mr. Reubel made seismatic studies searching for oil; when the
oil industry cut back he lost his market. Now he wants to switch gears and
concentrate on fertilizing pine growth. We feel that his business plan is strong
and viable.''

As for the bankrupt trucking company in Tulsa, North Street was able to get
matching funds from the Economic Development Authority in Tulsa to help shore up
the company. ''The economic development authority was anxious to keep the
trucking company in business because it employed 75 people and was doing $4
million a year,'' Mr. McNeal said. ''And because the company president is a very
good manager, we are confident that he can turn the company around by
transporting mixed freight instead of one product. The company looks very
sound.''

Mr. McNeal said uncertainty about the future of the Small Business
Administration had led to the formation of the Corporation for Small Business
Investment, a quasi-public organization structured on the lines of the Home Loan
Mortgage Company.

Yet Hector M. Hyacinthe, a New York delegate to the recent White House
Conference on Small Business held in August, believes the Small Business
Administration is assured of government support for at least the next five
years. ''When we left Washington, we were reassured by the White House that
continued support would be given the S.B.A.,'' said Mr. Hyacinthe.

Mr. Hyacinthe is the founder and owner of Packard Frank business and corporate
interiors in Ardsley. He recalled that in 1964, when he was organizing his
company, ''there was no help for minority entrepreneurs'' and ''I borrowed
$3,000 from a commercial lending outfit.''

He added, however, that ''it takes a lot more money to start a business today.
And the black community in particular suffers from economic deprivation. My
feeling is that anything that can help them get into the mainstream of the
economy, as owning a small business does, helps the nation as a whole.''

Mr. Hyacinthe, who holds a master's degree in business administration from New
York University, heads one of the largest office furniture companies in
Westchester and services corporate accounts throughout the country.

''We are a nation of small businessmen,'' he said. ''In 1985 small business
accounted for 43 percent, or $1.4 trillion, of the gross national product. And
during that year, when jobs in big business decreased by 3 million, small
businesses accounted for an increase of 10 million jobs.''

Mr. Hyacinthe, a former chairman of the Furnishings Retailers Association for
Minority Enterprises and past chairman of the Trade Association of Minority
Entrepreneurs, believes minority entrepreneurs stand the best chance of
succeeding if ''they go into basic businesses that are essential to everyday
living.''

He added: ''But what will finish all of us, minority businessman and majority
businessman alike, is the issue of liability insurance. At the White House
conference it became our most important final recommendation. We urge reform:
civil justice reform; uniform standards for product, professional and commercial
liability; regulation of the insurance and re-insurance industry; and viable
affordable alternatives to liability coverage.

''The liability insurance crisis in this country has not only become a
life-and-death sentence to many small businesses,'' he said, ''but it is also
adversely changing our way of life.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Ralph McNeal, Sr., president of the North Street Capital
Corporation in White Plains; Photo of Hector M. Hyacinthe president of Packard
Frank in Ardsley (NYT/Marilynne Herbert)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              955 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday

Police Beat

SECTION: POLICE BEAT; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 720  words


Glen Burnie

Robbed on trail

A woman was robbed on the Baltimore & Annapolis Trail Park early Saturday
evening, county police said.

The woman was walking on the trail near Norfolk Road in Glen Burnie at 5:30 p.m.
Saturday when at least two suspects approached the victim and displayed a knife.
They removed money from her pockets and ran sout hon the trail.

Police described the suspects as white men between 18 and 19 years old. They
wore black hooded sweatshirts and black, knit caps. One of the suspects wore
light-colored blue jeans.

Girl robbed

A 17-year-old girl was robbed as she was talking on her cell phone near her
apartment Sunday, county police said.

Shortly after 10 p.m., a man approached the victim from behind as she was
walking on the sidewalk near her apartment and talking on her cell phone. After
the suspect told her victim to get off the phone, she pushed him.

The suspect grabbed the victim's cell phone and black hooded sweatshirt that she
was carrying under her arm.

Police described the suspect as a light-skinned black man in his late teens or
early 20s, 5 feet 6 to 5 feet 8 inches tall with an average build. He wore a
beanie-type hat, dark gray or black hooded sweatshirt and dark pants. He had
brown eyes.

Linthicum

Man stabbed

County police last night were searching for a suspect who stabbed a man while he
was standing in line at G&M Restaurant in Linthicum yesterday afternoon.

According to police, the suspect and the victim were standing in line at the
restaurant , located at 804 Hammonds Ferry Road, shortly after noon when when
they became involved in an argument.

The suspect stabbed the victim once in the stomach and then ran away, police
said.

The victim was taken to Shock-Trauma at University Hospital in Baltimore where
he was listed in stable condition.

Police described the suspect as a black man who wore a white T-shirt, brown
sweatpants and a baseball cap.

Hotel robbed

A man in a blond wig and a mask robbed a Linthicum motel Sunday night, county
police said.

The robber, who was armed with a gun, entered Extended Stay America at 1500 Aero
Drive around 8:30 p.m., jumped over the counter and demanded money from the
clerk.

The clerk handed over an undisclosed amount of money, putting it in a white
plastic bag the robber brought with him.

PASADENA

Theft arrest

A Prince George's County man was arrested after allegedly stealing more than
$1,620 at the Pasadena Office Depot, county police said.

At 6:30 p.m. Saturday, an assistant manager saw a man enter the store at 20
Mountain Road, and place ink cartridges into a plastic bag. The suspect took the
bag and walked past the cash registers.

When the store employee approached the suspect outside, he ran toward the Burger
King on Mountain Road. The store employee caught the suspect and called police.

When police arrived they found 15 Hewlett Packard ink jet cartridges, valued at
$57.99 per pack and 11 packs of Hewlett-Packard ink jet cartridges at $55.99
each.

Police charged Steven Glenn Barwick, 54, of 3510 Largo Road in Upper Marlboro
with theft over $500.

SEVERN

Pizza man flees

Three teenage boys armed with a shotgun and a handgun tried to rob a pizza
delivery man Friday night in Severn, county police said.

The delivery man fought back though and the boys ran away.

Police said the employee of Dino's Pizza was making a delivery just after 9 p.m.
when the boys approached him.

The boys were described as 14 to 17 years old.

Man stabbed

A Parham Court man was stabbed in the back twice last week, county police said.

At 7 a.m. Wednesday, officers responded to the court in Severn where they found
the victim standing in front of 8205 Parham Court. He was bleeding with wounds
from his back.

The victim told police after he was stabbed, the two suspects got into the
victim's blue Lincoln and drove it off the road near the intersection of Jacobs
Road and Still Meadows Drive. The suspects then got out of the car and ran away.

The victim was transported to Shock-Trauma Center at University Hospital in
Baltimore injuries not thought to be life threatening, police said.

The victim was able to identify one of his attackers.

Police charged Kevon Miller, 21, of 8227 Dunfield Court in Severn with attempted
first-degree murder, first-degree assault and assault with a deadly weapon.
Police yesterday were still searching for the second suspect.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2006 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            April 12, 2012 Thursday

Two men sought in Oakland bank robberies

BYLINE: By Harry Harris Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 233 words


Two men are being sought by police for a robbery and three attempted robberies
of Oakland banks last month.

Police released surveillance photos of the men and offered a reward Thursday to
try to identify them. Police are investigating whether the robberies are
connected.

One man is wanted for robbing the Bank of the West at 3062 E. Ninth St. about
10:40 a.m. March 19. The same man attempted to rob the Chase Bank at 3310
International Blvd. about 11:20 a.m. March 28, but he fled before getting money.
He is described as black, 20 to 30 years old, between 5-foot-5 and 5-foot-8, and
between 150 and 180 pounds, with a medium complexion.

The other man is wanted for trying to rob the Bank of the West at 3400 Lakeshore
Ave. about 1:40 p.m. March 20 and the Bank of the West branch at 2127 Broadway
about 3:20 p.m. the same day.

The man demanded money from a teller in both incidents but left before getting
any. It was not clear why he fled empty-handed.

He is described as black, 20 to 25 years old, between 5-foot-8 and 5-foot-10,
and between 155 and 175 pounds with long black dreadlocks and a goatee. He wore
a black baseball cap, black shirt with white buttons, bluejeans and black tennis
shoes.

Police and Crime Stoppers of Oakland are offering up to $4,000 in reward money
for information leading to their arrests.

Anyone with information can call police at 510-238-3475 or a tip line at
510-773-2805.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Oakland police released a photo of a suspect wanted in two robbery
attempts made on March 20, at the Bank of the West on Lake Shore Avenue and
another the Bank of the West on Broadway. (Photo/Oakland Police)
Oakland police released a photo of a suspect wanted in the March 19 robbery of
the Bank of the West on 9th Street and the March 28 attempted robbery of the
Chase Bank at 3310 International Blvd.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 27, 1991, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

AUSTRIANS UNFREEZE ACCOUNT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 844 words


Austrian courts have unfrozen a $1.6 million bank account belonging to Manuel
Antonio Noriega, the U.S. government has announced.  The money will go toward
defending Noriega, the former Panamanian dictator, against drug-smuggling
charges. Noriega has been held at the federal Metropolitan Correctional Center
south of Miami for more than a year on charges that as Panama's ruler he
accepted $4.6 million from Colombia's Medellin cocaine cartel to protect
U.S.-bound drug shipments.  Frank Rubino, Noriega's lead defense attorney, faced
a deadline of Monday to agree to U.S. government terms of his payment or
withdraw from the case.  His co-counsel, Jon May, said Friday that the money
would go to pay the legal fees of several lawyers who worked with the defense
team.  AP FLORIDA Racists, Stolen Arms Linked A cache of stolen military weapons
has been linked to a racist group targeting Jews, blacks and press
organizations, according to documents filed in U.S. District Court in
Jacksonville.  U.S. Army Special Forces Sgt. Michael Tubbs, his brother John
Tubbs and a third man, Steve Fussell, were previously indicted by a federal
grand jury in the theft of military weapons. In documents filed Friday,
Assistant U.S.  Attorney Charles Truncale said the men belonged to a group
called the Knights of the New Order, which required each of its members to carry
1,000 rounds of ammunition and at least one firearm.  The group's targets
included newspapers, television stations, minority-owned businesses and
graveyards in the Southeast, prosecutors said. The weapons were stolen last year
from Fort Bragg and Fort Campbell in North Carolina, prosecutors said. Agents
for the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms have said the cache of
stolen weapons had enough firepower to blow up a city block.  Reuters TEXAS
Bodies Found In Restaurant Freezer Police in Irving discovered four bodies in a
fast-food restaurant freezer Saturday after finding a takeout bag stuffed with
an undetermined amount of cash during a routine traffic stop. Two suspects,
including a restaurant employee, were in custody.  Three of the victims were
employees of the Taco Bell restaurant, police said. The four had been shot to
death, police said.  Police said two officers found the bag filled with cash
inside a vehicle after the vehicle was stopped for investigation of drunken
driving about 5 a.m. Charges were pending against the 19-year-old driver and a
17-year-old passenger, who was an employee at the Taco Bell, Capt. T.J. Hall
said.  AP WORLD BANGLADESH Ex-President Faces Arms Charges Police in Dhaka
charged former President Hossain Mohammad Ershad on Saturday with keeping
illegal arms and bound him over for trial in a special court, state-owned
Bangladesh television said.  Police said they recovered seven shotguns, eight
handguns and cash worth nearly $600,000 from Ershad's house Dec. 27. Four
handguns had no licenses, and possession of the firearms without license is
punishable by up to 20 years in prison, the television said.  Chief Metropolitan
Magistrate Azizul Haque said he would convene a special court later for Ershad's
trial. A court official said the firearms offenses were the first of a number of
cases the police were prepar ing against Ershad, a general who was ousted from
power last month after an eight-year rule.  Reuters CZECHOSLOVAKIA State Selling
Off Businesses An auctioneer's gavel began hammering out changes in the
state-run economy Saturday as the first of about 100,000 businesses went to the
highest bidder in Prague.  ''Today, we hope to lay the foundations for a
prosperous private sector,'' said Tomas Jezek, Czechoslovakian minister of
privatization, as he opened the auction.  About 200 prospective buyers bid for
17 properties, most of them groceries and electronics stores. The event was so
unusual that people paid admission to watch.  Privatization is a cornerstone of
Finance Minister Vaclav Klaus' plan to transform a system of central planning
into Western-style capitalism. The nation's industry was nationalized after the
Communist takeover in 1948, nearly abolishing the private sector.  Officials of
the government, now non-communist, say the auction of about 100,000 small
businesses should be completed by the end of the year.  AP POLAND Panel To Study
Plan To Ban Abortion The Polish parliament has set up a special commission to
consider whether abortion should be banned and doctors performing the procedure
subjected to prison terms.  The legislation, which would reverse a law enacted
by Poland's communists in 1956, was easily approved by the Senate. But on
Friday, the lower house set up a 46-member commission to study the measure, and
a 45-day period was set aside for lawmakers and political groups to gauge
constituents' opinions.  The panel is expected to complete its report by
mid-April, with a vote on the bill by the end of April.  The legislation is
backed aggressively by the Roman Catholic Church. Some officials have estimated
that half of all pregnancies in Poland are ended.  AP

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              958 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 25, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEW YORKERS & CO;
Rough Days on the Magazine-Start-Up Front

BYLINE: By MICHAEL E. ROSS

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 4;  Column 2;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1133 words


IT was early spring of 1993 when Sheryl Huggins and Beverley Williams went over
to a friend's Harlem loft and began kicking around the idea of starting a
magazine devoted to black music, fashion and urban street culture.

"As I recall, I was the one who said we could do it," said Ms. Huggins, who had
worked as a freelance writer and an editor for community newspapers in Brooklyn
and New Jersey. "We all had ideas, and I said I could get the financing."

From that hopeful start, and with about $250,000, Ms. Huggins, Ms. Williams and
a staff of seven published the first issue of Shade magazine in March 1994 with
fanfare, a few parties and the good wishes of friends.

Nine months later, Shade's ambitions march on. The monthly magazine, with a
cover price of $2.95 and a look that seems to borrow a bit from Details and a
bit from Spy, has found an audience, its editors say. There are hopes for
national distribution and plans to team up with an on-line information service
to make Shade features available to computer users. But come the new year, there
will be no January issue of Shade. With too little money coming in, the editors
have suspended publication. And while Ms. Huggins called the suspension
temporary and an opportunity to restructure, the truth about Shade's future is
that it may not have one.

Whatever happens, though, the birth and rough young life of Shade provide an
object lesson in the daunting process of starting a magazine in the city that is
generally regarded as the world's media capital.

Shade's founders had hoped their creation would be an alternative, upstart voice
in the growing field of black publications, a field once dominated by Ebony and
Essence, but now populated by music magazines like Vibe and The Source and
others, like Emerge, Class and Black Elegance, which embrace politics, life
styles and other topics. These publications have added vitality to the magazine
world, opening many black themes and issues to wider audiences.

For magazines like Shade, though, the Sisyphean task of starting any magazine is
complicated by a smaller pool of potential readers, greater difficulty in
raising needed money and the hesitation of advertisers, who tend to resist
spending advertising dollars on promising but untried start-ups.

Ken Smikle, publisher of Target Market News, a Chicago-based trade publication
covering black marketing and media, said Shade's experiences were common in
publishing. "It's extremely difficult for city magazines to survive," he said.
"Young magazines have to be able to weather that period of a nonexistent cash
flow, which occurs the first six months of publication. Folks at Shade were
probably confronted with more than they bargained for."

The statistics of magazine start-ups show just how competitive the business can
be. According to Samir Hushni, who publishes a guide to consumer magazines, of
the 1,502 new magazines started from 1985 to 1990, only 578, or 38.4 percent,
survived into 1992.

The other day, Ms. Huggins, Shade's president and publisher, sat in her office
on lower Broadway with Ms. Williams, the editor in chief, talking about the
first steps of a publishing child that took gamely to the water, then
floundered, a weak swimmer among the sharks.

Last spring and summer, getting the word out about Shade meant a publicity
campaign that blanketed the city with advertisements on bus shelters and
subway-station clocks. That campaign, Ms. Huggins said, found the magazine
readers in the city and elsewhere. "We're being distributed within the tri-state
area -- some in New Jersey and some as far as Philadelphia," she said,
estimating readership at "about 40,000."

"We've carved out a niche as an alternative source of information for what's
going on in black urban culture," she continued. "We grew up in a time when we
were the first generation to be promised the fruits of the civil rights
movement. We grew up with the idea that total equality was our birthright. Now,
we've certainly found that ain't the case, and I think that skepticism comes
across in our editorial content. We're defining our generation."

What, then, went wrong?

"Basically we lost our cushion," Ms. Huggins said. "We were expecting a certain
amount of money over the next three years from investors. In September we were
told we wouldn't be getting it all." Ms. Huggins also lamented a shortage of
experienced advertising salespeople.

Asked about the reorganization, she said some of the most popular parts of past
issues, including features and calendar sections, would soon be available on New
York Online, a computer information service.

And come next September, she said, the editors were planning several editions
tailored to different cities.

But to finance this vision of Shade, indeed to keep the magazine alive, the
editors must find more money. They said they were trying to raise $3 million
from private sources and were talking to other, larger media companies.

Shade would not be the first magazine to take a break and return revitalized.
But the question remains: After spending so much time and money to build a
still-tender following, how can Shade be sure its readers won't drift away to
other similar publications about black urban life?

Some experts have their doubts about the prospects for a magazine that
disappears for some months and becomes conspicuous by its absence in a
fast-moving industry.

"If a magazine is dealing from a position of strength, they shouldn't have to do
that," said Roberta Garfinkel, director of print media for McCann-Erickson, the
advertising agency. "Magazines redesign and change and go through all kinds of
metamorphoses from time to time. That's perfectly normal, but you don't suspend
publication if you're doing something right. If it's not broke, you don't fix
it. You may tweak it, neaten it up a bit, do a little cosmetic surgery, but you
don't do major surgery."

But others say Shade's strategy has merit. "The idea is not without precedent,"
said Mr. Smikle. "If they're going to make a move like this, it's probably
better done now than later. The magazine is still young. It has established a
relationship with an audience and with advertisers. If Shade can maintain the
faith of those who have subscribed and advertised, then they have a real solid
chance in the future."

Generally, he added, a magazine's circulation has to exceed 200,000 or 300,000
to attract national advertising. But Shade has already attracted national
advertisers like Polygram, the Zima clear malt beverage, Atlantic Records, Sony,
Absolut vodka and EMI America.

Ms. Huggins speaks like someone to whom confounding naysayers has become almost
second nature.

"A lot of people," she points out, "didn't think we'd get it off the ground at
all."

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Sheryl Huggins, editor and publisher of Shade magazine, recalls,
"A lot of people didn't think we'd get it off the ground at all." (Stephanie
Berger for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              959 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     April 3, 1997, Thursday, ALL EDITIONS

POLICE BEAT;
Roswell Road hit by rash of robberies

SECTION: EXTRA; Pg. 08H

LENGTH: 389 words


A string of robberies continues to plague Roswell Road in Sandy Springs,
according to Fulton County police.

Several have occurred during the past few weeks, although police aren't sure
whether any are related. On March 26 at 10:30 p.m., a heavyset man wearing a
white-and-blue striped shirt, black jeans and a black hat walked into a Subway
sandwich shop on Roswell Road.

The man walked to the counter, pulled a silver handgun from a pocket, showed it
to two employees and demanded money. The robber escaped with just over $ 100.

An employee told police the same man robbed another Subway on Hope Road, off
Roswell Road, two weeks before that holdup.

On March 29 at 11:55 p.m., a man robbed a Chevron station at 6385 Roswell Road.
The robber entered the station under the pretense of buying chewing gum. When
the employee opened the cash register, the robber pulled a silver handgun,
demanded money and told the employee to cooperate. The robber escaped with just
over $ 200. That robber wore a black baseball cap and a black T-shirt.

On March 30 at 10:20 p.m., two men entered the EZ Serve, 4968 Roswell Road, and
walked to the counter.

The first man demanded money and displayed a large black rifle. The employee
gave the robber about $ 200.

At the same time, the other robber reached into the cash register and grabbed
about $ 100 more. The robber wore a black baseball cap and a green jacket.

Another holdup occurred about 2:05 a.m. last Monday at the Wyndham Garden Hotel,
800 Hammond Drive. A man entered the hotel, walked to a counter, pulled a small
handgun and pointed it at an employee while demanding money, according to Fulton
County police.

The employee complied and the man ran out the front door, escaping with several
hundred dollars.

ATTEMPTED ARSON: Someone apparently tried to set a fire at an apartment complex
this week, according to Fulton County police.

The fire was discovered about 3:30 a.m. Monday in a building that houses the
leasing offices of the Calibre Springs Apartments, 800 Lake Placid Drive, in the
Copeland Road neighborhood.

Firefighters found two piles of smoldering materials on the bottom floor of the
leasing-office building, according to police.

The arsonist possibly entered the building through an obscure side door.

An alarm alerted authorities.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              960 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                     November 19, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Quantification of Black Money in India - Reports of commissioned studies under
active consideration of Govt, says Minister

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 1114  words


NEW DELHI, NOV 19, 2016: THERE is no official estimation of the amount of black
money within the country and stashed abroad. The Government had commissioned a
study on the above through National Institute of Public Finance and Policy
(NIPFP), National Council of Applied Economic Research (NCAER) and National
Institute of Financial Management (NIFM), reports from which have been received.
These reports are under consideration of the Government.



Appropriate action against tax evasion including in respect of unaccounted
income stashed in foreign countries, is an on-going process. Such action under
direct tax laws includes searches, surveys, enquiries, assessment of income,
levy of taxes, penalties, etc. and filing of prosecution complaints in criminal
courts, wherever applicable. Recognizing various limitations under the existing
legislation [Income-tax Act, 1961, etc.], the Government enacted 'The Black
Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015' -
to specifically and effectively tackle the issue of black money stashed away
abroad. This has, inter alia, provided for more stringent provisions of
penalties and prosecutions in respect of black money stashed away abroad.
Further, under this law, for the first time the offence of wilful attempt to
evade tax, etc. in relation to undisclosed foreign income/assets has been made a
Scheduled Offence for the purposes of the Prevention of Money-laundering Act,
2002 (PMLA). This enables attachment and confiscation of the proceeds of crime
of wilful attempt to evade such tax, etc., eventually leading to recovery of
such undisclosed foreign income and assets/black money stashed away abroad. The
new law came into force w.e.f. 01.07.2015.

However, before the cases involving black money stashed away abroad were
subjected to more stringent provisions of the Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign
Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015, a one-time three months'
compliance window closing on 30th September 2015 was provided under the new law
wherein 648 declarations involving undisclosed foreign assets worth Rs.4164
crore were made. The amount collected by way of tax and penalty in such cases is
about Rs.2476 crore.

The Government has taken several steps to effectively tackle the issue of black
money, particularly black money stashed away abroad. Such measures include
policy-level initiatives, more effective enforcement action on the ground,
putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks, systems and
processes with due focus on capacity building and integration of information and
its mining through increasing use of information technology. Recent major
initiatives in this regard include - (i) Constitution of the Special
Investigation Team (SIT) on Black Money under Chairmanship and Vice-Chairmanship
of two former Judges of Hon'ble Supreme Court, (ii) Enactment of a comprehensive
law -'The Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of
Tax Act, 2015' which has come into force w.e.f. 01.07.2015 to specifically and
more effectively deal with the issue of black money stashed away abroad, (iii)
Constitution of Multi-Agency Group (MAG) consisting of officers of Central Board
of Direct Taxes (CBDT), Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Enforcement Directorate
(ED) and Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) for investigation of recent
revelations in Panama paper leaks, (iv) Proactively engaging with foreign
governments with a view to facilitate and enhance the exchange of information
under Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAAs)/Tax Information Exchange
Agreements (TIEAs)/Multilateral Conventions, (v) According high priority to the
cases involving black money stashed away abroad for investigation and other
follow-up actions including prosecutions in appropriate cases, (vi) While
focusing upon non-intrusive measures, due emphasis on enforcement measures in
high impact cases with a view to prosecute the offenders at the earliest for
credible deterrence against tax evasion/black money, (vii) Proactively
furthering global efforts to combat tax evasion/black money, inter alia, by
joining the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement in respect of Automatic
Exchange of Information (AEOI) and having information sharing arrangement with
USA under its Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), (viii) Renegotiation
of DTAAs with other countries to bring the Article on Exchange of Information to
International Standards and expanding India's treaty network by signing new
DTAAs and TIEAs with many jurisdictions to facilitate the exchange of
information and to bring transparency, (ix) Enabling attachment and confiscation
of property equivalent in value held within the country where the
property/proceeds of crime is taken or held outside the country by amending the
Prevention of Money-laundering Act, 2002 through the Finance Act, 2015, (x)
Enactment of the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Amendment Act, 2016 to amend
the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 with a view to, inter alia,
enable confiscation of Benami property and provide for prosecution, (xi)
Initiation of the information technology based 'Project Insight' by the Income
Tax Department for strengthening the non-intrusive information driven approach
for improving tax compliance and effective utilization of available information.


These measures have equipped the Government better in curbing the menace of
black money stashed away abroad. Further, sustained and prompt action taken by
the Income Tax Department in various cases involving black money has resulted
into assessment of substantial amounts of undisclosed income, levy of
concealment penalty and filing of criminal prosecution complaints for various
offences in appropriate cases.

As part of enforcement measures, during the period from 01.04.2014 to
31.10.2016, the Income Tax Department (ITD) conducted searches in 1242 groups of
assessees, seizing undisclosed assets worth Rs.2,029 Crore. These assesses
admitted undisclosed income of Rs.28,567 Crore. During the same period, 13,690
surveys conducted resulted in detection of undisclosed income of Rs.30,001
Crore. Similarly, during the period from 01.04.2014 to 30.09.2016, the Income
Tax Department has filed 1514 prosecution complaints while offences were
compounded in 2244 cases and 75 persons have been convicted by the Courts.

Further, under the Income Declaration Scheme, 2016, the Government has received
64,275 declarations disclosing undisclosed income of Rs 65, 250 crore.

This was stated by Mr Santosh Kumar Gangwar, Minister of State in the Ministry
of Finance in written reply to a question in Lok Sabha yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 11, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

CAMPAIGN MANAGER CALLS 'STREET MONEY' TALE EXAGGERATION; JERSEY GOVERNOR-ELECT
DENIES CLAIM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 854 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, N.J.


Gov.-elect Christine Todd Whitman's campaign manager said Wednesday that he
"went too far" in claiming that the campaign paid black ministers and Democratic
workers to suppress voter turnout. Whitman denied that such payments were made.

Democratic officials, black clergy and civil rights groups called for
investigations of the activities that the campaign manager, Edward J.  Rollins,
had described. The Justice Department declined to comment.

About 20 members of the Black Ministers Council of New Jersey held a news
conference in Newark and challenged Rollins to produce names of anybody who took
money.

"Even the idea that the black clergy and the black church is for sale is
repugnant and an absolute affront to us," said the Rev. Reginald Jackson,
chairman of the council's political action committee.

Rollins told reporters Tuesday in Washington that the campaign spent about $
500,000 in "walking-around money." He said black ministers who had endorsed Gov.
Jim Florio were asked not to exhort their congregations to vote for the
governor. In return, he said, "we made contributions to their favorite charity."

"I think to a certain extent we suppressed their vote," The Washington Post
quoted him as having said Tuesday.

Rollins said the campaign also had paid some Democratic political workers in
urban areas to stay home.

Whitman said Rollins' comments were "degrading to the voters of New Jersey,
degrading to the African-American community, to African-American churches, and
frankly to me."

"It did not happen," Whitman said in a news conference. "I don't campaign that
way. I urge people to vote; I don't suppress votes."

On Wednesday, Rollins issued a statement apologizing "for any embarrassment or
mistaken impressions my remarks created."

"This is the first time my desire to put a spin on events has crossed the line
from an honest discussion of my views to an exaggeration that turned out to be
inaccurate," Rollins said. "I went too far. My remarks left the impression of
something that was not true and did not occur."

The Democratic State Committee will seek a federal court order Monday allowing
it to take depositions from Rollins and others in the Whitman campaign. The
party wants to investigate whether laws were broken and whether that cost Florio
the election.

"If that's the case, we'll go to court to seek a new election," committee
Chairman Ray Lesniak said.

Whitman beat Florio 49 percent to 48 percent, with a margin of about 26, 620
votes out of more than 2.5 million cast last week.

Whitman said she expected any court action to be "thrown out quickly because it
is not true."

Peter Sheridan, executive director of the Republican State Committee, said that
about $ 50,000 was spent on "street" operations, limited to get-out-the-vote
efforts. New Jersey law allows campaigns to pay people to help turn out voters,
or to serve as challengers at polls.

At the White House, President Bill Clinton said that if Rollins' claims were
true, "then it was terribly wrong for anyone to give money for anyone else not
to vote. And it was terribly wrong for anyone to accept that money."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo Headshot of (Edward J.) Rollins

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              962 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          Reading Eagle, Pennsylvania

                          December 24, 2005, Saturday

Men armed with shotguns rob Muhlenberg store

BYLINE: By Reading Eagle

LENGTH: 311 words



Three men with shotguns got an undetermined amount of money in a robbery at a
Muhlenberg Township convenience store, police said Friday.

The robbery at Turkey Hill Minit Market, 2240 Hampden Blvd., occurred Thursday
about 9:30 p.m.

Police gave these descriptions:

A black male, about 20 years old, nearly 6 feet tall with a thin build. He was
wearing a black ski mask, gloves, a Kansas City Chiefs cap, jeans, and a black
puffy coat with tan fur around the hood.

A black male, about 20, nearly 6 feet tall with a thin build. He was wearing a
black ski mask, gloves, jeans, a black puffy coat and a baseball cap.

A Latino male, about 20, nearly 6 feet tall with a thin build. He was wearing a
black ski mask, gloves, dark pants and a dark coat.

Police gave this account:

One of the men approached a 17-year-old female clerk, whose name police
withheld, and pointed a shotgun at her.

The gunman demanded she open the cash registers, and she complied. Another
gunman approached a male clerk and demanded money. The Reading Eagle is
withholding his name.

The male clerk was unable to open a cash drawer in the video sales area of the
store. The gunman ordered the male clerk to the floor and had him empty his
pockets.

The robbers ran out the front door and headed south into the city.

A passer-by later reported a blue minivan may have been used as the escape
vehicle.

Anyone with information can reach Muhlenberg police at 610-929-5454 or call
Crime Alert Berks County at 1-877-373-9913.

Crime Alert will pay up to $ 5,000 for a tip that leads to an arrest.


-----


Copyright (c) 2005, Reading Eagle, Pa.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: RE-1224-Men-armed-with-shotguns-rob-Muhlenberg-store

JOURNAL-CODE: RE

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2005 Reading Eagle, Pennsylvania


                              963 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             May 27, 2010 Thursday
                                2 Tampa Edition

TEEN, MAN HURT IN HOME INVASION

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; CRIME JOURNAL; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 160 words


TAMPA

A teen was shot and another man was pistol-whipped during a home invasion early
Wednesday. Two men wearing black clothes and covering their faces with black
T-shirts burst into a home at 8501 17th St. N about 1:45 a.m. "Where's the
money? Where's the money?" the men demanded, according to police. One of the
robbers used a black semiautomatic pistol to order Donte Allen, 30, to the
floor, while the other used a black revolver to force Travis Rollins, 22, to a
back bedroom, police said. When Rollins told the man he did not know where the
money was, the man pistol-whipped him in the face, police said. Andre Powell,
17, who was in his bedroom when the men burst in, was shot in the right hand
when he went to investigate. The men then left the home and ran south toward
Waters Avenue. Police could not find them and did not know whether they got away
in a vehicle. Nothing was taken, the residents told police. Powell was taken to
St. Joseph's Hospital.

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 22, 2002 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

For Black Politicians, 2 Races Suggest a Rise of New Tactics

BYLINE:   By LYNETTE CLEMETSON

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1236 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 21


The defeat of Representative Cynthia A. McKinney in a Democratic primary on
Tuesday -- the second loss this summer by a prominent black House incumbent to a
more moderate black challenger -- carries implications for black politicians,
and perhaps others as well, that go far beyond any single Congressional
district.

Denise Majette, a former state judge who defeated Ms. McKinney in the primary in
Georgia's Fourth District, in the suburbs of Atlanta, capitalized on the furor
caused by Ms. McKinney's suggestion this year that President Bush might have
known about the Sept. 11 attacks but did nothing so his supporters could make
money in a war.

In the earlier race, political analysts said Artur Davis, who defeated
Representative Earl F. Hilliard, an Alabama Democrat, in June, benefited from
Mr. Hilliard's history of ethical lapses.

Last summer, he was rebuked by the House Ethics Committee for converting
campaign gifts to his own use.

Both incumbents drew even more attention -- and their challengers gained
important political traction -- because they were regarded as unfriendly to
Israel. This allowed their opponents to tap into an outpouring of financial
contributions from Jewish Americans and other Israel supporters.

Ms. McKinney's opponents were galvanized by her vocal support for Palestinians
and the campaign contributions she received from Arab-American donors, some of
whom have been under investigation on suspicion of links to terrorism.

Many political experts said today that the victories of the two challengers
showed that successful black candidates no longer had to rely solely on rhetoric
and tactics of the civil rights era.

"The black electorate is increasingly well-educated, more entrepreneurial,
business-savvy and politically moderate," said Jarvis C. Stewart, a Washington
lobbyist and major Democratic fund-raiser. "Many who were not raised in the era
of the civil rights movement don't relate to or see the benefit in polarizing
politics."

Still, it was the money from campaign contributors motivated by a single issue
-- one not directly related to problems and concerns in the candidates'
districts -- that allowed the challengers to get out their messages, a fact that
has caused resentment from some black politicians.

"I definitely have some feelings about any outside group exerting this kind of
influence in a race, and I've been receiving angry calls from black voters all
day, saying they should rally against Jewish candidates," said Representative
Eddie Bernice Johnson, a Texas Democrat who is the chairwoman of the
Congressional Black Caucus.

"To have non-African-Americans from around the country putting millions into a
race to unseat one of our leaders for expressing her right of free speech is
definitely a problem," Ms. Johnson said.

Ms. Majette, who graduated from Yale University and Duke law school, and Mr.
Davis are among a group of rising black figures in Democratic politics --
including Representative Harold E. Ford Jr. of Tennessee and Ron Kirk, a former
mayor of Dallas running for Senate in Texas -- who are pressing centrist views.

Ms. McKinney, a five-term incumbent, and her supporters expected negative
reaction from Republicans and Jewish voters, but political strategists said they
might have underestimated the negative effects her positions would have in the
black community.

Ron Lester, a Democratic pollster who conducted a survey of voters after the
Hilliard-Davis primary in Alabama, said that within that district, black support
for Israel had increased markedly since Sept. 11.

Concerning Ms. McKinney, he said that she registered a job approval rating of 70
percent among her black constituents in a poll conducted in June, but that on
Tuesday such approval was apparently not enough to override larger worries about
her political allegiances.

"Black voters are as emotional about 9/11 as any other voters," Mr. Lester said.
"They were happy with the way she served the district, but a certain segment of
black voters were very wary of her remarks and the controversy surrounding her."

It did not help that prominent black figures, including Julian Bond, the
chairman of the N.A.A.C.P., and former Mayor Maynard Jackson of Atlanta -- who
had supported Ms. McKinney in the past -- distanced themselves from her this
time.

"People in the black community still think of the comments she made after 9/11,
and they are still a little apprehensive," said Alfreida Capers, 51, a DeKalb
County resident who campaigned for Ms. McKinney.

"There were some in our community who saw Ms. Majette's advertisements on
television and thought they reflected a young, Christian woman with a family who
would be less boisterous," Ms. Capers added. "Some certainly thought our
congresswoman was too boisterous and they carried that thought with them to the
polls."

Ms. Majette garnered 58 percent of the vote on Tuesday to Ms. McKinney's 42
percent, and faces just token opposition in November.
Ms. Majette also outraised Ms. McKinney by nearly two to one, pulling in more
than $1.1 million in campaign funds, much of which came from pro-Israel
political action committees and individual donors outside of Georgia.

In June, pro-Israel groups funneled money into the race in rural Alabama to help
Mr. Davis, a 34-year-old former assistant United States attorney, defeat Mr.
Hilliard, a five-term incumbent who was linked to pro-Arab causes. Mr. Davis
faces no Republican opposition in November.

"This shows that there is a price to pay for taking a position that is out of
step with the views of most Americans," said Morris J. Amitay, founder of the
Washington Political Action Committee, a pro-Israel group, and the former
executive director of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee, one of the
country's most powerful pro-Israel lobbying groups.

Others, though, said that the influence of outside groups could depress black
turnout.

"For Democrats to do well this year they need solid numbers of black votes,"
said David Bositis, senior political analyst for the Joint Center for Political
and Economic Studies, a Washington-based research group that looks at issues
affecting African Americans.

"But if black voters perceive that elections in their districts are ultimately
being decided by whites and powerful outside sources with money," Mr. Bositis
said, "they may conclude their votes don't matter and decide not to vote at
all."

James J. Zogby, president of the Arab American Institute in Washington, said he
feared a return to the 1980's, when Gov. Michael S. Dukakis of Massachusetts,
the Democratic presidential nominee in 1988, rejected his group's endorsement,
and Mayor David Dinkins of New York refused to meet with him, concerned about
angering Jewish constituents.

"This painting of Arab-American donors and political participants as being
terrorists in disguise is a garish and grotesque caricature," Mr. Zogby said.
"This is not about three or four donors, this is about widely targeted politics
of exclusion that could end up in the disenfranchising of the entire Arab and
Muslim American community."

Members of the Congressional Black Caucus, though many are disappointed at the
loss of their colleague Ms. McKinney, said they would welcome Ms. Majette.

"If she comes here willing to work with us and is not skewed by the agenda of
her supporters, of course we work with her," Representative Johnson said. "We
all know we have to move past this."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 28, 2002



CORRECTION: A front-page article on Thursday about the Democratic primary defeat
of Representative Cynthia A. McKinney of Georgia and its aftermath included a
name incorrectly among those of black politicians distancing themselves from
her. Julian Bond, chairman of the N.A.A.C.P., points out that as head of a
nonpartisan organization he does not participate in electoral politics.




GRAPHIC: Photos: Denise Majette, left, thanked supporters on Tuesday in Decatur,
Ga., after easily defeating Representative Cynthia A. McKinney in the Democratic
primary in the Fourth Congressional District. Ms. McKinney, a five-term
incumbent, addressed supporters in Atlanta. (Photographs by Associated
Press)(pg. A16)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              965 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                       August 12, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Recovery of Black Money - Govt has initiated several measures

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 768  words


NEW DELHI, AUG 12, 2016: THE Government has taken various measures to
effectively deal with the issue of black money, particularly black money stashed
away abroad. Such measures include policy-level initiatives, more effective
enforcement action on the ground, putting in place robust legislative and
administrative frameworks, systems and processes with due focus on capacity
building and integration of information and its mining through increasing use of
information technology.

Recent major initiatives in this regard include -

Constitution of the Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Black Money under
Chairmanship and Vice-Chairmanship of two former Judges of Hon'ble Supreme
Court;

Enactment of a comprehensive law - 'The Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income
and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015' which has come into force w.e.f.
01.07.2015 to specifically and more effectively deal with the issue of black
money stashed away abroad;

Making willful attempt to evade tax etc under the Black Money (Undisclosed
Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015 a scheduled offence
under PMLA, 2002; Enabling attachment and confiscation of property equivalent in
value held within the country where the property/proceeds of crime is taken or
held outside the country by amending the Prevention of Money-laundering Act,
2002 through the Finance Act, 2015;

Proactively engaging with foreign governments with a view to facilitate and
enhance the exchange of information under Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements
(DTAAs)/Tax Information Exchange Agreements (TIEAs)/Multilateral Conventions
etc;

Proactively furthering global efforts to combat tax evasion/black money, inter
alia, by joining the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement in respect of
Automatic Exchange of Information (AEOI) and having information sharing
arrangement with USA under its Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA);

Introducing the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Amendment Bill, 2015 to amend
the Benami Transactions (Prohibition) Act, 1988 with a view to, inter alia,
enable confiscation of Benami property and provide for prosecution;

According high priority to the cases involving black money stashed away abroad
for investigation and other follow-up actions including prosecutions in
appropriate cases; (ix) While focusing upon non-intrusive measures, giving due
emphasis on enforcement measures in high impact cases with a view to prosecute
the offenders at the earliest for credible deterrence against tax evasion/black
money;

Implementing information technology based 'Project Insight' by the Income Tax
Department for strengthening the non-intrusive information driven approach for
improving tax compliance and effective utilization of available information;

Setting-up a Multi-Agency Group (MAG) consisting of officers of Central Board of
Direct Taxes (CBDT), Reserve Bank of India (RBI), Enforcement Directorate (ED)
and Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) for expeditious & coordinated
investigation of recent revelations in Panama paper leaks.

Further, before the cases involving black money stashed away abroad were
subjected to more stringent provisions of the Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign
Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015, a one-time three months'
compliance window closing on 30th September 2015 was provided under the new law
wherein 648 declarations involving undisclosed foreign assets worth Rs.4164
crore were made. The amount collected by way of tax and penalty in such cases is
about Rs.2476 crore.

While action against black money is an on-going process, as part of enforcement
measures, the Income Tax Department (ITD) conducted searches in 990 groups of
assessees during last 2 years (F.Ys. 2014-15 and 2015-16), seizing undisclosed
assets worth Rs.1,474 Crore. These assessees admitted undisclosed income of
Rs.21,354 Crore. During the same period, 9,457 surveys conducted resulted in
detection of undisclosed income of Rs.22,475 Crore. Other investigations have
led to detection of substantial amounts of undisclosed income. There has been
significant rise in criminal prosecutions filed by the Income Tax Department
also during last 2 years and number of cases where prosecution complaints were
filed and offences were compounded during F.Ys. 2014-15 and 2015-16 is 3,140 as
against 1,690 during F.Ys. 2012-13 and 2013-14.

The above measures have equipped the Government better in curbing the menace of
black money.

This was stated by Mr Santosh Kumar Gangwar, Minister of State in the Ministry
of Finance in written reply to a question in Lok Sabha today.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              966 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Robber ID help needed

BYLINE: Ryan Severance, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 419 words


Jan. 30--Police are asking for the public's assistance in identifying a suspect
who robbed a sandwich shop at gunpoint Sunday afternoon.

Around 4 p.m. a man entered a Subway restaurant, 3216 W. Northern Ave., produced
a black revolver handgun and ordered the staff to give him money, according to
police.

The man had a bag to put the money in but did not use it.

The suspect was wearing a black beanie, dark shirt, blue jeans and black shoes.
He also wore sunglasses and a yellow bandana over his face.

Police said it appears the suspect has a light complexion, has obvious sideburns
and is about 5 feet 8 inches tall. The suspect took an undisclosed amount of
money from the restaurant and left the area in a black Cadillac.

This is the second time a Subway restaurant has been robbed at gunpoint this
month.

A Subway located at 434 Eagleridge Drive was robbed on Jan. 10 around 9:30 p.m.
by a man armed with a handgun who demanded money from an employee.

Police said it appears a different suspect committed that robbery than the one
involved in Sunday's.

Anyone with information about the robbery or the identity of the suspect is
asked to submit an online tip at crimesuspect. net.

To remain anonymous, call Pueblo Crime Stoppers at 542-7867.

Escapee captured

Pueblo West

Police announced Thursday that a man who escaped custody earlier this month
while being hospitalized for a gunshot wound was captured by officers Wednesday
afternoon.

Officers with the Pueblo Police Department received a tip that Alexander Avila,
19, would be in the 3500 block of East Spaulding Avenue around 3:30 p.m.
Wednesday.

Undercover officers set up in the area and spotted Avila just after 4 p.m.,
according to police.

He was then contacted and placed into custody without incident.

Avila, who stated to police he is affiliated with a gang, walked into a local
hospital on Dec. 30 seeking treatment for a gunshot wound to his right arm.
Officers were unable to find a crime scene or any evidence of a shooting based
off of the information Avila provided them.

At the time of his escape, Avila had a contempt of court warrant issued for his
arrest originating from a felony menacing incident.

Avila was transported and booked into Pueblo County jail and will be facing
escape charges in addition to his warrants.

He is being held at jail without bail pending a court appearance.

ryans@chieftain.com

___ (c)2015 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150130-PB-Robber-ID-help-needed-0130-20150130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2015 The Pueblo Chieftain


                              967 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Tax India Online

                        May 7, 2016 Saturday 6:30 AM EST

Govt clarifies on recent measures taken to curb Offshore Tax Evasion

BYLINE: TIOL News Service

LENGTH: 518  words


NEW DELHI, MAY 07, 2016: The Minister of State, Finance, Mr Jayant Sinha, in
written reply to a question in Lok Sabha yesterday gave a detailed explanation
about the measures taken in the past to counter and curb offshore tax evasion.
Mr. Sinha admitted that while there are impediments in obtaining information
relating to undisclosed assets stashed away abroad, pursuant to various
initiatives taken by the Government, the flow of information has improved
leading to better enforcement action. The Government has taken several measures
to effectively deal with the issue of black money. Such measures include
policy-level initiatives, more effective enforcement action on the ground,
putting in place robust legislative and administrative frameworks, systems and
processes with due focus on capacity building and integration of information and
its mining through increasing use of information technology.

Recent major initiatives of the Government include - (i) Constitution of the
Special Investigation Team (SIT) on Black Money under Chairmanship and
Vice-Chairmanship of two former Judges of Hon'ble Supreme Court, (ii) Enactment
of a comprehensive new law titled 'The Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income
and Assets) and Imposition of Tax Act, 2015' to specifically and more
effectively deal with the issue of black money stashed away abroad which has
come into force w.e.f. 01.07.2015, (iii) Introduction of the Benami Transactions
(Prohibition) Amendment Bill, 2015 to amend the Benami Transactions
(Prohibition) Act, 1988 with a view to, inter alia, enable confiscation of
Benami property and provide for prosecution, (iv) Proactively engaging with
foreign governments with a view to facilitate and enhance the exchange of
information under Double Taxation Avoidance Agreements (DTAAs)/Tax Information
Exchange Agreements (TIEAs)/Multilateral Conventions, (v) According high
priority to the cases involving black money stashed away abroad for
investigation and other follow-up actions including prosecutions in appropriate
cases, (vi) While focusing upon non-intrusive measures, due emphasis on
enforcement measures in high impact cases with a view to prosecute the offenders
at the earliest for credible deterrence against tax evasion/black money, (vii)
Proactively furthering global efforts to combat tax evasion/black money, inter
alia, by joining the Multilateral Competent Authority Agreement in respect of
Automatic Exchange of Information and having information sharing arrangement
with USA under its Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA).

The Black Money (Undisclosed Foreign Income and Assets) and Imposition of Tax
Act, 2015 provided for a one time window for disclosure of undisclosed foreign
income and assets, which was provided from 01.07.2015 till
30.09.2015.International cooperation in tackling offshore tax evasion and
avoidance is achieved, inter alia, through 'Exchange of Information' mechanism
provided under tax treaties entered into by India with various countries.
Presently, India has tax treaties (bilateral or multilateral) with 137
countries/ offshore jurisdictions.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


            Copyright 2016 Taxindiaonline.com Pvt.Ltd., Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 26, 1994, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

NEIGHBORHOOD REPORT: SOUTH BRONX;
Police Academy for South Bronx Moves Ahead, on Paper

BYLINE: By LYNETTE HOLLOWAY

SECTION: Section 13;  Page 8;  Column 3;  The City Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 585 words


The long effort to build a police academy in the South Bronx reached a milestone
last week when Mayor Giuliani, under pressure from Bronx officials and black and
Hispanic Council members from around the city, restored money to pay for the
initial stages of the project. But the academy's future still hangs in abeyance.

The new budget approved by the City Council early Thursday morning included only
$11 million for design work on the new eight-story academy at 153d Street and
Park Avenue, but no one at this point can say when the city will be able to come
up with the $138 million to build the project.

Restoring the design money was the focus of a hard-fought battle between elected
officials in support of the project and the Giuliani administration, which
announced in February that the academy had been cut from the budget to close a
$2.3 billion gap.

Last year, the Dinkins administration delayed the project because of concerns
about its costs. The move came several years after the Koch administration
announced in early 1989 that the academy would anchor an ambitious plan to
rebuild the South Bronx.

So after years of delays, Bronx elected officials and their constituents, mostly
blacks and Hispanics, began pressuring the Giuliani administration to restore
the money. The fight was led by Bronx Borough President Fernando Ferrer and
Councilwoman June M. Eisland, who garnered the support of Council Speaker Peter
F. Vallone and the Council's black and Hispanic caucus.

In spite of questions about when the construction will actually occur,
proponents of the academy celebrated a victory, saying they are certain
construction dollars will appear after the design is complete.

"Everybody thought the push to restore the police academy was a fool's errand,
that it had no chance to survive a mayoral budget cut, but the City Council
stood tall," Mr. Ferrer said. "This has been a tough budget year with much pain
and many cutbacks, but the police academy was a project this city couldn't
afford to lose."

Forrest R. Taylor, a deputy press secretary for Mr. Giuliani, said the Mayor
decided to restore the design money for the project because the officials made a
case for it.

"He needed the additional information to determine whether this was a good
project for the city, and they were able to do that," Mr. Taylor said.

But he said that Mayor Giuliani would not commit to full construction funding
until he saw the design. It is unclear how long it will take to complete the
design.

Mr. Ferrer referred to the academy as a shot in the arm for the borough's
redevelopment plans.

The police academy is the key public-works project in the Bronx Center Plan, a
comprehensive 300-block revitalization effort in the South Bronx. It includes
land around Yankee Stadium, the 1,500- to 1,700-unit Melrose Commons housing
project, the one-million-square-foot State Supreme Court super-block on East 161
Street and the Bronx Housing Court on 165th Street and the Grand Concourse.

Parts of the plan are under way. Although no major funding is committed yet, the
Melrose Commons project began its public-review process about a month ago.

"I would like to assume that we are going to end up building the academy," said
Richard Kahan, president of the Urban Assembly, an non-profit urban affairs
group, and chairman of the Bronx Center Plan. "It's one of the most important
projects in the South Bronx right now, and we're going to try to see that it
happens."   LYNETTE HOLLOWAY

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC:  In 1992, Bronx Borough President Fernando Ferrer asked Richard A.
Kahan, a former president of the New York State Urban Development Corporation,
to help him develop a 300-block area east of Yankee Stadium in the hears of the
South Bronx. Community input has been part of the planning. Below are the major
points of the proposal, called The Bronx Center Plan.

SPORTS COMPLEX: Parking structure and a 10,000-seat indoors sports arena for
high school and amateur sports; also sought: alternative High School for Sprots
Management.
STATUS: Initial stages of planning process. No funds committed.

COURT COMPLEX: New State Supreme Court complex to create more court space.
STATUS: Funding committed for design.

CIVIC CENTER: Renovation of abandoned Bronx courthouse for community meeting
space.
STATUS: two-thirds of the required $900,000 has been raised through city, state
and private sources.

MELROSE COMMONS: 1,500-1,700 residential units proposed
STATUS: plan approved by Council and is in Mayor Giuliani's hands. No major
funds committed yet.

BRONX TERMINAL MARKET: Study potential expansion of wholesale food market and
create stadium-related retail.
STATUS: Consultant is being sought.

POLICE ACADEMY: 450,000-square-foot training center; basic training for 2,600
recruits and in-service training; would employ 500 civilians.
STATUS: $11 million approved last week for design. Construction funds not yet
approved.
Map/Diagram: "DEVELOPMENT: The Vision of Bronx Center"

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              969 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                        March 4, 2000, Saturday, FINAL C

Black free on bail after innocent plea

BYLINE: Eddie Pells

SECTION: Sports; F7

LENGTH: 226 words

DATELINE: GAINESVILLE, Fla.


GAINESVILLE, Fla. -- Sports agent Tank Black pleaded innocent to criminal fraud
and money laundering charges Friday, then left the courthouse free on $1 million
bond.

When he gets back to his office in Columbia, S. C., there won't be much of a
business left to run.

One of Black's few remaining big-name clients, Toronto Raptors star Vince
Carter, ''suspended'' his relationship with Black pending the outcome of the
trial.

If convicted, Black could be sentenced to a jail term of up to 25 years.

Is there a window open for a reunion between Carter and Black? Neither Carter
nor his mother, who manages his son's financial affairs, said as much when they
made the announcement on Thursday night.

Their only look forward was the announcement that they would not interview
prospective new agents until Aug. 1.

''We wish to make it clear that Vince will not entertain any proposals for
representation until after Aug. 1,'' Michelle Carter-Robinson said. ''Anyone who
makes such a proposal prior to that time will be disqualified from
consideration.''

Carter was the cornerstone of Black's roster at Professional Sports Management
Inc., and as late as last week, the Raptors forward made a public statement in
support of Black.

Carter's mother described the decision to temporarily sever ties with Black as
''very painful. ''


LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 9, 1996, Friday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

POLITICS: POLITICAL MEMO;
Lesson in Gramm: Money on Its Own Can't Buy Success

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. BERKE

SECTION: Section A;    Page 1;    Column 1;    National Desk

LENGTH: 1129 words

DATELINE: DES MOINES, Feb. 8


Senator Phil Gramm, who liked to boast that his ticket to the Republican
Presidential nomination was assembling the best-financed and best-organized
campaign, today found his aides fending off questions about where the next
dollars would come from.

Stunned by his defeat by Patrick J. Buchanan on Tuesday in the Louisiana
caucuses, a contest Mr. Gramm had expected to win easily, the Senator is pumping
what resources his campaign has left into a last-ditch effort to save his
candidacy.

Campaign aides said that while they had long viewed Iowa as a crucial
springboard, they are now spending tens of thousands of dollars over their
budget on advertising and direct mail. They planned to unveil a hard-edged
television commercial on Friday that will compare Mr. Gramm's principles with
those of the front-runner here, Senator Bob Dole of Kansas.

"We're buying anything that moves on television," a senior Gramm aide said on
the condition of anonymity. "We've got to stand out."

Mr. Gramm's desperate situation undercuts a theory the Senator put forth last
year at a glittering fund-raising dinner on the eve of his campaign
announcement: that "ready money" is "the most reliable friend you can have in
American politics."

The unexpected success of Steve Forbes, the multimillionaire publisher who has
pumped more than $20 million into his campaign for the Republican nomination and
shot to the top of some polls, has added urgency to questions about the role of
money in Presidential campaigns.  But Mr. Forbes's surge has also obscured a
valuable lesson about the confluence of money and politics: money alone cannot
deliver a candidate a Presidential nomination.

"You can buy celebrity," said Herbert E. Alexander, a political science
professor at the University of Southern California and an authority on the
financing of Presidential campaigns. "You can buy publicity. But you can't buy
the Presidency."

There is no question that their massive piles of money gave Mr. Gramm and Mr.
Forbes early credibility and attention. But the importance of a message and a
theme -- and a candidate's personal appeal -- cannot be dismissed.

While it is too early to write off Mr. Gramm, even his advisers concede that the
Texas Senator's strategy of pouring millions into nonbinding straw polls and
early organizational efforts may have been for naught, given his loss in
Louisiana and his low standing in most polls. The Gramm campaign spent about $20
million last year and had $1.2 million left at the beginning of January.

Mr. Gramm's fund-raising success early last year help scare off rivals like Jack
F. Kemp, the former Housing Secretary and New York Representative, and Dick
Cheney, the former Defense Secretary and Wyoming Representative. But as time
passed and as his campaign showed few signs of building strength, Mr. Gramm
found prospective donors less and less responsive to his solicitations. Even
before the Louisiana caucuses, his campaign had instructed its workers to check
out of hotel rooms in Iowa and double up in apartments to cut costs.

The Senator's advisers play down any worries about money and insist that if Mr.
Gramm performs well here, his fund-raising efforts will gain new life.

"We've got enough money, and have had enough money, to fund through South
Carolina whether or not we raise another dime," Charles Black, the campaign's
top strategist, said on Wednesday after Mr. Gramm's finance committee met in New
Orleans for a post-mortem on the Louisiana caucuses.

In the case of Mr. Forbes, the candidate himself concedes the obvious: he would
not be in the race were he unwilling to dip into his personal wealth. But Mr.
Forbes's appeal seems to be more than just his access to what Mr. Gramm calls
ready money. Polls suggest that voters, at least for now, are intrigued by Mr.
Forbes's flat-tax proposal and are drawn to his portrayal of himself as an
outsider.

Evidence that money alone does not guarantee political success came in 1980,
when former Gov. John B. Connally of Texas spent $13 million in the Republican
Presidential primaries and won just one delegate. While Mr. Forbes's fortunes
could decline, he has already come much further in the polls during the run-up
to the primary season than Mr. Connally ever did.

In another fresh example that money can only go so far, Morry Taylor, a tire
manufacturer, has put about $5 million of his own money into the Republican
Presidential race. Like Mr. Forbes (and Mr. Connally in 1980), Mr. Taylor is not
bound by the spending limits for candidates who accept Federal subsidies. But he
has thus far been dismissed by voters, and the news media, as not serious, and
the Taylor campaign remains an asterisk.

Another important consideration in the value of money is not how much candidates
have, but how they spend it. At present Mr. Dole has the most money on hand to
respond to Mr. Forbes -- more than $4 million -- because he did not spend
excessively last year on straw polls and other competitions.

"The real key in the money race," said Anthony Corrado, a professor of
government at Colby College in Maine, "is the cash a candidate has to spend when
you get to this crucial point in a race. There are a number of candidates who
probably deeply regret spending millions of dollars on pseudo-events in 1995."

Stanley Huckaby, a Republican financial consultant, conducted a study last year
that showed that candidates who raise the most money in the primaries almost
always get the nomination. But Mr. Huckaby's examination did not account for
cases like that of the free-spending Mr. Forbes. While Ross Perot demonstrated
in 1992 that money could assure a candidate a soap box -- if not the White House
-- his case was different from that of Mr. Forbes because he ran as an
independent.

In fact, if this year's primary battle drags out and Mr. Forbes continues to
spend huge sums against Mr. Dole, the Kansas Senator could be put in a
precarious financial position. If Mr. Dole spends heavily in coming weeks, he
could hit the roughly $40 million spending ceiling for candidates in the
primaries who accept Federal money. Mr. Forbes, unfettered, could continue
spending freely.

Another odd turn of events is that the once-flush Gramm campaign, which made so
much of its financial advantage, recently conducted focus groups to see whether
Mr. Forbes's vast fortune turned off voters.

Voters, Mr. Black said, "say the same thing about Forbes they used to say about
Perot, Well, he can't be bought because he's spending his own money.

"It's like some measure of integrity."

"Voters," Mr. Black said, "say the same thing about Forbes they used to say
about Perot: Well, he can't be bought because he's spending his own money.

"It's like some measure of integrity."

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH ;

CORRECTION-DATE: February 10, 1996, Saturday

CORRECTION:

Because of a production error, an article yesterday about the importance of
money in the Republican Presidential primaries omitted part of a quote by
Charles Black, the top campaign strategist for Senator Phil Gramm, in some
copies. The passage, referring to voters' reactions to Steve Forbes's vast
fortune, should have read:

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              971 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Indian Country Today (Oneida, New York)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 20, 2009 Wednesday

Rosebud Tribe battles Black Hills lawsuit

BYLINE: Rob Capriccioso, Indian Country Today, Oneida, N.Y.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 898 words


May 20--WASHINGTON -- Rosebud tribal leaders are asking for time to work out an
agreement with the Obama administration and Congress before any courts decide to
dole out a decades-old financial settlement for the federal government's
historic plunder of Sioux lands in the Black Hills region of the Great Plains.

Chairman Rodney Bordeaux said his tribe and other Sioux leaders may be able to
work with the government to get their lands back, instead of money.

He said the tribe mentioned the issue specifically to President Barack Obama
when he campaigned on the reservation last year. A fellow tribal member, Wizipan
Garriott, now works as a special assistant in the Department of the Interior and
served on Obama's transition team.

"We keep the lines of communication open," Bordeaux said, adding that he is
excited for the administration to appoint a long-promised White House senior
advisor on Native affairs. "And there is no reason not to have hope."

Bordeaux' hope is rooted in history. The U.S. government agreed in an 1868
treaty that the Black Hills would be set aside for use by the Sioux. But after
gold was discovered there, the government soon changed its tune, and Congress
passed a law taking the land in 1877.

The tribal government's concern over a financial settlement has been piqued as a
result of a new lawsuit, filed in federal court in Sioux Falls, S.D. It seeks to
circumvent the tribal government and get money directly awarded to individual
tribal members.

The tribe's council passed a resolution last year, which states that the Rosebud
Sioux Tribe has not authorized, approved, or consented to any lawsuit filed by
individuals to seek Black Hills settlement funds.

The council has now authorized funds for legal services to file the appropriate
opposition to the lawsuit on behalf of the tribe.

Lawyer Wanda L. Howey-Fox, who represents the tribal members trying to receive a
financial settlement, said the best that can be done is to get money. According
to the lawsuit, courts cannot give back the land the Rosebud Tribe and other
Sioux tribes claim as their own.

"We don't think they have a chance," Bordeaux said of the tribal members who are
suing. "But you never know with this federal court system anymore."

The suit stems from a ruling by the Supreme Court in 1980, which upheld a lower
court ruling that awarded eight Sioux tribes $106 million for Black Hills lands
that had been wrongfully poached by the federal government.

The award was equal to the 1877 value of the land plus $17.5 million plus
interest. Trust funds held for the tribes by the Department of the Interior now
contain about $900 million, according to lawyers for the tribal members.

The lawsuit seeks a federal judge to decide how to distribute the money to
individual tribal members from Interior's trust funds.

Since the Supreme Court's decision, all of the Sioux tribes have refused to take
the money, instead insisting on the return of their lands.

The lawsuit, which officially lists only 19 tribal plaintiffs, is a class-action
suit with approximately 5,000 tribal members signed on, according to Howey-Fox.
She said that some fear retribution from tribal governments for taking part in
the case.

Bordeaux and other tribal leaders and members believe it is irrelevant what the
lawsuit says the courts can do in terms of land. They say that both Congress and
the Obama administration can help them get back the land they view as rightfully
theirs.

The issue has already been raised many times to Congress members, including Sen.
Byron Dorgan, D-N.D., who chairs the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs.

"They've listened, and they say they want to uphold treaties," Bordeaux said.
"But when push comes to shove and we start asking for our lands back, then you
find out how supportive they really are."

The Rosebud Sioux Tribe has long refused a financial settlement, partially
because leaders did not want to be seen as ceding their treaty rights in any
manner.

Accepting the monetary award for the Black Hills, Bordeaux said, could forever
extinguish the claim of the Sioux nations to the return of any land in the Black
Hills.

He also noted that Sioux Nation member tribes do not seek return of all the
Black Hills, only lands under federal ownership. He added that there would be no
retribution against tribal members involved in the suit.

"I do think they are being shortsighted and going against the wishes of their
forefathers and ancestors. But it's not a position that is shared by a vast
majority of our members."

Tribal legal officials are already arguing that federal law prevents a court
from ordering federal officials to disburse money from the old court cases. They
say that because the tribes refused to accept the money during an allotted time
period, the Interior can now only disburse the funds with the approval of
Congress.

Beyond legal arguments, some tribal members have said that taking the money
would amount to blessing the theft of tribal lands.

To see more of Indian Country Today, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.indiancountry.com. Copyright (c) 2009, Indian Country Today, Oneida,
N.Y. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090520-IC-SIOUX-LANDS-20090520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IC


                      Copyright 2009 Indian Country Today


                              972 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 14, 2010 Saturday

Orange Park girl wins Jacksonville pageant;
Chynna Gross to compete next month for state title.

BYLINE: BETH REESE CRAVEY

SECTION: Pg. M-7

LENGTH: 452 words


Chynna Gross of Orange Park recently was crowned Miss Black Jacksonville
Talented Teen USA 2011 and will represent Jacksonville at the Miss Black Florida
Talented Teen USA Pageant next month in Fort Lauderdale.

The winner of the state competition Friday, Sept. 10, to Sunday, Sept. 12 will
receive a $2,500 college scholarship and will represent Florida at the national
2011 Miss Black Talented Teen USA Scholarship Pageant, according to a news
release.

The Miss Black Florida Talented Teen USA contest is a fundraiser for the Miss
Black Florida USA Pageant and Scholarship Foundation, a nonprofit organization
dedicated to providing academic scholarships, personal and professional
opportunities.

The pageant is just the latest accomplishment for Chynna, an eighth-grader at
Orange Park Junior High School who is already planning for college, according to
her mother, Julie O'Neal Gross.

"She is an academic over achiever; she is in all advanced courses," Gross said.
"Chynna has always been an A/B student and strives for success and perfect
attendance. She has only missed two days of school since the second grade."

For the upcoming school year, Chynna will take all advanced courses and is on
the student council and cheerleading squad. In addition, she is a community
volunteer; has played flag football, school softball and Orange Park Athletic
Association softball; and this year is on a competitive travel softball team for
River City Softball Association.

"I could go on and on about Chynna. I am truly blessed to have a daughter like
her," Gross said.

Chynna, if not her mother, was surprised at the pageant outcome.

"She couldn't believe she won. Chynna has only entered a few local pageants so
this one is a big step," Gross said.

Her pageant platform is "Be a Leader, Not a Follower."

"She wants children to know that they should be themselves and not let someone
else make decisions for them," her mother said.

Any donations or sponsorship money that Chynna does not use for her pageant
expenses will be donated to Grove Park Elementary for children who need school
supplies or lunch money.

As Miss Black Jacksonville Talented Teen USA, Chynna is the official city
spokeswoman for the Miss Black Florida USA Pageant and Scholarship Foundation.
She will use her title to promote academic excellence, leadership skills and
community service involvement, according to the release.

"The Miss Black Florida USA Pageant is helping to redefine how the world views
women of color through the women who attain the exclusive titles and civic
platforms that they promote," according to the release.

To have Chynna attend group events, e-mail mjgross1010@ bellsouth.net. For more
information, go to www.missblack floridausa.org.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Provided by Julie Gross Chynna Gross of Orange Park is Miss Black Jacksonville
Talented Teen USA 2011. She will represent Jacksonville at the Miss Black
Florida Talented Teen USA Pageant next month.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              973 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            February 11, 2011 Friday

SC demands answers on black money

LENGTH: 367  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, Feb. 11 -- The Supreme Court today asked the government to ensure
that Pune-based businessman Hasan Ali Khan, accused of stashing black money in
foreign banks, does not leave the country.

This was conveyed by the court to Solicitor General Gopal Subramanium during the
hearing of a petition filed by noted lawyer Ram Jethmalani and some former
bureaucrats seeking its direction to the government to bring black money, said
to be the tune of 1 trillion US dollars, back to the country.

"It's your duty to ensure that he is available to face prosecution," the court
said when Subramanium informed it that Hasan Ali is in India and the government
is taking all necessary steps against him.

The bench also queried whether the stud farm owner can be made a party to the
proceedings before it.

During the hearing, Subramanium assured the court that the Centre would reveal
the names of persons, who have stashed black money in foreign banks after
registering a formal case against them.

Subramanium, appearing before a bench headed by Justice B Sudershan Reddy, said
the government has issued show cause notices against the persons accused of
having black money in foreign banks and once a case is registered against them,
their names will be made public.

Senior advocate Anil Divan representing Jethmalani contended that the government
is not taking effective steps in this direction.

Referring to an article in which it was reported that Letters Rogatory have been
issued to authorities in five countries -- UAE, UK, USA, Singapore and Hong Kong
-- seeking information regarding black money, he submitted that nothing more has
been done in this regard.

Countering Divan's arguments, the solicitor general accepted that Letters
Rogatory have been issued and said the government has taken "remarkable" steps
in the case of black money.

Placing before the court a sealed envelope, Subramanium said all this
information has been given in it.

The court then adjourned the matter for further hearing on March 3. Published by
HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect
to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 15, 2001, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Agent gets federal sentence

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; NFL; Pg. 8C

LENGTH: 444 words

DATELINE: DETROIT; ASHBURN, Va.



Sports agent William "Tank" Black was sentenced Thursday to nearly seven years
in prison on a money-laundering charge, becoming the second man sent to prison
in the federal case in two days.

Black still faces Florida charges that he bilked millions of dollars from about
a dozen professional football players.

U.S. District Chief Judge Lawrence Zatkoff ruled that Black's six-year, 10-month
sentence would be followed by three years of supervised probation. The
44-year-old Black, of Columbia, S.C., also was fined $ 15,000.

On Wednesday, Zatkoff sentenced former Black associate James Albert Franklin,
also of Columbia, to 32 months behind bars, two years of probation and $ 10,000
in fines.

Black pleaded guilty in January, Franklin in October. In deals with prosecutors,
both admitted helping convicted drug traffickers and others move cash drug
proceeds from Detroit through South Carolina and the Bahamas, then back into the
United States through a complex series of shell corporations and offshore bank
accounts.

'Skins add Coleman

ASHBURN, Va. - The Washington Redskins added their second potential starter in
as many days, agreeing to a one-year, $ 1.1-million deal with offensive lineman
Ben Coleman.

Coleman spurned multiyear offers from other teams for a $ 623,000 signing bonus
on top of the veteran minimum $ 477,000 salary. He made $ 1.15-million last
season with the Chargers.

On Wednesday, the team signed Robert Jones, who will compete with Kevin Mitchell
for the starting job at middle linebacker.

BEARS: College scouting director Bill Rees and pro personnel director Scott
Campbell are leaving, making way for new general manager Jerry Angelo to bring
in his people. Angelo, a former Bucs director of player personnel hired this
week, said he will hire replacements soon.

CARDINALS: Middle linebacker Eric Hill retired.

DOLPHINS: Offensive tackle Marcus Spriggs had arthroscopic surgery on his right
elbow, with loose particles and spurs removed after he experienced soreness
during team workouts.

JAGUARS: Coach Tom Coughlin spoke publicly for the first time about receiver R.
Jay Soward's four-game suspension for violating the NFL substance-abuse policy.

"R. Jay understands; he knows what the circumstances are," Coughlin said. "When
R. Jay is here, R. Jay works hard. He does a good job in the classroom, he comes
out on the field prepared and practices hard. The ability for him to manage the
area of his life away from this building is what has to happen."

RAMS: The team signed tight end John Allred to a one-year contract after the
free agent tried out during this week's minicamp. Terms were not disclosed.


LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              975 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 7, 1987, Thursday, Final Edition

Tragedy Brings Cooperation to Anacostia;
Blacks, Koreans Offer Reward in Asian Merchant's Killing

BYLINE: Linda Wheeler, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D1

LENGTH: 710 words


A wall of bulletproof security glass now separates the cash registers and
members of the Yi family from customers in the little neighborhood store they
opened a year ago at 2400 Martin Luther King Jr. Ave. SE.

The glass, a gift from a family friend, was installed after store owner Mo Yi
was shot and killed and his wife and daughter were wounded during an apparent
robbery attempt.

Seven weeks after the incident, Jin Yi wanders around King's Mini Market
straightening the already neat rows of canned meat and wondering why her husband
was killed. Her left elbow was shattered by a bullet and she tends to nurse it
as she works.

"I keep asking myself why this has happened to us," she said.

Her 20-year-old daughter Hyon, who was shot in the shoulder during the incident,
translated her mother's Korean. "Everybody liked my husband. And we like being
here."

Since the March 14 death of Mo Yi, a new spirit of cooperation has emerged among
some members of the Anacostia community.

As the numbers of Asian-owned businesses have increased rapidly in Washington's
predominantly black neighborhoods in the last decade, tensions have mounted
between some of the owners who have difficulty speaking English and some black
residents angered by what they see as an invasion of foreigners.

More than half of the city's convenience stores -- about 2,000 dry cleaners,
liquor stores and grocery stores, according to Korean business community
estimates -- are owned by Korean Americans. About 300 businesses, mostly
restaurants and carryouts, are owned by Chinese Americans.

Most get along fine with their customers. A few do not, and the resulting
arguments and misunderstandings have occasionally led to picket lines and
attempted boycotts.

After the Yis were shot, the gunman and his accomplice fled the store, taking
nothing with them. Later that night, as the two women were being treated at a
hospital, someone broke into the store and took money left in the cash registers
as well as a quantity of food and cigarettes.

Police have yet to make an arrest in the case.

To help the police solve the killing, two business associations have joined to
offer a $ 1,500 reward. The Anacostia Professional and Merchants Association, a
mostly black organization of Anacostia business owners, and the Korean American
Chamber of Commerce presented the police department with the money last month.
More money has been pledged.

"The joint reward is important because it shows that the black community is
concerned," said Inspector Richard Pennington, head of the police community
relations department. "It shows a togetherness and a unification between the
black and Korean business people."

James Nutall, president of the Anacostia merchants association, said his
organization had made efforts this year to encourage Asian business owners to
join the mostly black association. Yi was one of two Asian merchants to become
members at the January meeting, he said.

"With the death of Yi, it was the consensus that we needed to do something
together," he said. "We attended the wake and expressed our condolences to the
family. And we pledged $ 500 of the reward money."

Henry Shin, president of the Korean American Chamber of Commerce, which donated
$ 1,000, said the joint sponsorship of the reward was important.

"It says we are not enemies," he said. "We are friends and we are neighbors. It
says we can all work together."

Yi was one of three Korean American merchants killed in the city since October.
In late December, 62-year-old Byung Soo Pak was shot to death in his Capitol
Hill market. Myung Hwan Cho, 36, was killed by a gunman in his Dupont Park
delicatessen on Oct. 30.

Last week, Han Yong Cho, the owner of a wholesale market, was stabbed five times
while trying to stop a shoplifter from stealing a case of cigarettes from his
warehouse. Cho is expected to survive, Pennington said.

Shin and other leaders in the Korean business community have long maintained
that crimes against them have been racially motivated.

Pennington disagrees. "I don't think the Koreans have been singled out by the
criminals," he said. "It is more a case of location. They are located in
low-income areas where there has always been a lot of criminal activity."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, JIN YI, HER ELBOW SHATTERED IN A ROBBERY ATTEMPT IN WHICH HER
HUSBAND WAS KILLED IN HER ANACOSTIA STORE. LINDA WHEELER

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1987 The Washington Post


                              976 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 9, 1984, Friday, Late City Final Edition

MCDONALD'S DISPUTE ON COAST

BYLINE: By TAMAR LEWIN

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 295 words


McDonald's paid $4.7 million last week to Charles Griffis, a black franchise
operator with four inner-city restaurants in Los Angeles. Mr. Griffis's lawyers
say the money is in settlement of Mr. Griffis's charges of race discrimination.

McDonald's, however, characterizes the payment differently. ''We paid this money
to buy back Mr. Griffis's four restaurants,'' said Shelby Yastrow, the general
counsel of McDonald's. ''We didn't give them 15 cents for those bogus racial
discrimination claims.''

The case began when McDonald's sued Mr. Griffis for breach of contract - and
tried to take back his restaurant franchises - because his wife had bought a
Popeye's chicken franchise. The company sought more than $1 million in damages.

Mr. Griffis countersued, charging that the hamburger chain discriminated against
blacks by refusing to let them buy franchises in white neighborhoods. Mr.
Griffis, whose application for a fifth McDonald's franchise had been turned
down, also charged that blacks were sold the recycled rather than new
restaurants, and were not given the opportunity to expand as fast as their white
counterparts.

His charges were taken up by the National Association for the Advancement of
Colored People and the National Black McDonald's Operators' Association. The
operators' association in July passed resolutions asking McDonald's to appoint a
black to the board of directors, to promote more blacks to middle management,
and to use more minority food suppliers.

On Aug. 21, McDonald's for the first time named a black, Robert M. Beavers Jr.,
as a permanent member of its board of directors. According to a McDonald's
spokesman, Mr. Beavers had previously served two yearlong terms on the board as
a temporary ''advisory director.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              977 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              January 22, 1997, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MONEY TALKED TO KATZ IN DROPPING BLACK SHOWS

BYLINE: Robert Manor; Of The Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 715 words


The new general manager of KATZ-AM 1600 says he dropped the radio station's
black talk shows because fewer and fewer people are listening and the station
can make more money broadcasting rhythm and blues.

Lee Clear, who became general manager in November, summarized the two-year
experiment with black-oriented talk radio this way: "No listeners, no money."

Clear said: "I'll play punk polka if it works. This is not St. Louis free
radio."

On Thursday, KATZ switched from 24-hour talk and call-in shows to a category of
music known in the industry as "black heritage," a mixture of urban blues and
R&B recorded from the late 1950s to the early 1970s. Several hosts, including
Hank Thompson and Sharon McGhee, lost their shows.

Some blacks say St. Louis has lost a venue for debate and discussion that other
talk shows cannot replace.

Clear says that is true, and he wishes more people had tuned in to KATZ.  But
they didn't.

Ratings Kept Falling

When the talk format began in the fall of 1995, Arbitron ratings showed that a
cumulative total of 67,200 people a week listened to KATZ.

The most recent Arbitron results showed the number had fallen to 35,200 a week.
That's about 6 percent of the audience that radio station KMOX draws.

"If enough people had listened to the station, we wouldn't have had to change,"
Clear said.

Some black leaders say KATZ should have approached the Urban League or the NAACP
for help in getting advertising.

Clear, who is black, said he didn't like the idea. "I don't expect advertisers
to buy me because I run a black radio station and I'm a black station manager,"
he said. "All I ask for is a level playing field."

The switch from talk to music means no more than four people must find other
work, Clear said. He said the station would continue to broadcast talk and issue
shows for six hours on Saturday and Sunday.

That means Jean Neal, chief executive officer of the Annie Malone Children and
Family Service Center, gets to keep her Saturday morning show. Ebonics has been
the hot issue for callers recently, she said.

"Our format is not to spend time name-calling, but to help people talk about
issues facing families and children in this community," Neal said.

Providing A Voice

Onion Horton, who left the station in August, isn't afraid to call a few names.
Depending on one's point of view, his KATZ show was either provocative or
inflammatory.

But even the milder-tempered shows served a valuable purpose for blacks, Horton
said.

"With KATZ talk shows, the people who basically never have a voice had one,"
Horton said. "We kept the fire under the politicians."

Horton will be a guest at a forum on black talk radio on Feb. 6 at 6 p.m. at
Tegeler Hall at St. Louis University.

Bill Monroe, a frequent listener of KATZ, is helping to organize the forum - and
he hopes it will encourage an entrepreneur to resume black talk radio here.

"Black people use it as a think tank," Monroe said. "People who listen to talk
radio tend to be informed people."

James Buford, head of the Urban League and often a guest on KATZ, said St. Louis
didn't need another music station aimed at blacks.

"All the stations oriented to the black community carry music," he said.  "We
get plenty of this rap and rhythm and blues, and it's not positive."

From Politics To Schools

KATZ got the most attention when its talk-show hosts lashed out at politicians
or criticized the media or community activists.

But Buford said the talk shows were often devoted to important, if low-key,
matters.

"It was about educational issues, health care, people could make decisions about
the ballot," he said.

"A high percentage of African-Americans really listened to this format," Buford
said. "All that is gone now."

Buford noted that Jacor Communications, owner of KATZ-AM, also owns two money
-making music stations with black audiences, KMJM-FM (Majic 108) and KATZ-FM
(100.3).

He said those stations could have subsidized KATZ.

"You shouldn't make money off the black community and then turn around and not
give anything back," Buford said.

Jacor, based in Covington, Ky., bought the three St. Louis stations last year as
part of its purchase of Noble Broadcast Group Inc. of San Diego.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              978 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                     January 8, 2004 Thursday Final Edition

Conrad Black puts homes up for sale

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: Robert Fife

SECTION: Money; Pg. A36

LENGTH: 293 words

DATELINE: PALM BEACH, Fla.

PALM BEACH, Fla. -- Embattled media baron Conrad Black is selling his plush
oceanside mansion in the tony district of Palm Beach for $46 million.

Black, a member of the British House of Lords, has also received offers for his
11-bedroom townhouse near London's Kensington Palace, valued at about $33
million.

Black, who also owns a two-storey New York condominium and a mansion in Toronto
estimated to be worth about $7 million, appears to be unloading assets in the
face of a U.S. Security and Exchange Commission investigation into allegations
of improper payments made to him and other executives of Hollinger
International.

Linda Gary, a real-estate agent for the wealthy who flock to Palm Beach to
winter, said Black's mansion is one of the best properties in the area.

Located on South Ocean Boulevard, the 17,000-square-foot home has 9 1/2
bathrooms and both an ocean and lakefront view.

Black's position as chairman of Hollinger International is said to be under
review by other directors of the Chicago-based board because of his refusal to
tell U.S. security regulators about company payments to him and other
executives.

Black and his business partner, David Radler, promised to repay about $15
million US to the company. Black may be selling assets to help repay money owed
to Hollinger or to pay for the team of lawyers to defend him in the SEC
investigation and what are expected to be a number of lawsuits.

Through Hollinger International, Black owns the London Daily Telegraph, the
Sunday Telegraph, the Jerusalem Post and the Chicago Sun Times.

He is the founder of the National Post and former owner of the Southam Newspaper
chain, including The Province, until it was sold to CanWest Global
Communications.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: (Conrad) Black

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              979 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 July 27, 1994 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

BLACK COLLEGES GET UPGRADE CASH

BYLINE: Mercury News Wire Services

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 158 words


A stalled effort to refurbish buildings at traditionally black colleges was
revived Tuesday when Senate Minority Leader Bob Dole and Sen. Carol Moseley-
Braun struck a deal on money for a Kansas school with a black enrollment of just
4 percent.

Tiny Sterling College in Rice County, Kan., would get enough to refurbish its
century-old Cooper Hall, which is listed on the National Register of Historic
Places. It has been closed since 1988 because of structural problems.

When Dole, R-Kan., initially sought money for the 600-student liberal-arts
college, some black members of the House said it violated the intention of
legislation intended for colleges with mostly black enrollments.

Dole said he and Moseley-Braun, an Illinois Democrat and the only black senator,
reached an agreement for $2 million to restore buildings at historically black
campuses and on a separate bill authorizing $3.6 million for Sterling College.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Washington News in Brief

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Moseley-Braun
940727 FR 13A 2

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              980 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            August 20, 2005 Saturday

'He's the ultimate prize'

BYLINE: Rick Westhead, Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 925 words


As Conrad Black's lawyers huddle in the weeks ahead, their first job will be to
assess how difficult it will be for their client to defend himself in the wake
of a decision by long-time business partner David Radler to co-operate with U.S.
law enforcement officials.

Black's counsel, says a lawyer who specializes in U.S. white-collar crime cases,
will also be weighing how much money they might raise by selling Black's
securities, real estate and other assets for use in a possible financial
settlement to "minimize his exposure."

Robert Mintz, a former U.S. federal prosecutor who now heads the securities
litigation practice at the McCarter & English law firm in Newark, N.J., also
said it's doubtful the U.S. Attorney's Office in Chicago would negotiate any
settlement with Black.

"He's the ultimate prize," said Mintz. "There's really no motivation for the
prosecutors to cut any kind of favourable deal."

U.S. prosecutors announced on Thursday that they expect Radler to plead guilty
to seven counts of fraud related to $32 million (all figures U.S.) allegedly
diverted from Hollinger International. Radler, who was charged alongside a
former Hollinger lawyer and Black's Toronto holding company, Ravelston Corp.,
faces up to 35 years in prison and a fine of up to $1.75 million if he's found
guilty on all counts.

Lawyers involved with the criminal probe said they expect Radler to help bolster
the case against Black, who has steadfastly denied any wrongdoing and has
promised he would be vindicated when all of the alleged skulduggery at Hollinger
was finally revealed.

Black's top Canadian lawyer, Edward Greenspan, said yesterday the embattled
publisher is currently in Toronto and has no plans to travel abroad.

Greenspan declined to say whether Black would willingly travel to the U.S. to
answer criminal charges that might be filed in relation to an alleged
multi-million-dollar fraud at Chicago-based Hollinger International Inc.,
Black's former publishing company.

Black, Radler and others have been accused by the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission of looting money from Hollinger over several years through a complex
series of related-party transactions and sham payments.

The U.S. Department of Justice on Thursday accused Radler, former Hollinger
lawyer Mark Kipnis and Ravelston of misappropriating money from the company
through an elaborate series of self-dealing transactions.

While it seems to legal observers that U.S. prosecutors are in the process of
building a strong case against Black, it's not immediately clear how a trial
involving the ousted newspaper baron would unfold.

WorldCom Inc. chief executive Bernie Ebbers was sentenced in July to 25 years in
prison for fraud after one of his top-ranking executives agreed to co-operate
with the Department of Justice.

Scott Sullivan, the WorldCom former finance chief who testified against Ebbers,
was sentenced on Aug. 11 to five years in prison for helping to engineer the $11
billion fraud - the biggest corporate fraud in U.S. history.

But HealthSouth Corp. chief executive Richard Scrushy was acquitted in June of
36 counts of money laundering and securities, wire and mail fraud, "even though
he faced a parade of high-ranking executives who rolled over on him," Mintz
said.

"It's a battle that has been waged successfully on occasion."

Black's fight against his adversaries within Hollinger has been going on for
more than a year.

And it has been at least three years since the company's investors began
complaining that they believed Black was using company money for his personal
pursuits.

Yet even with this week's developments in the protracted battle for control of
the company Black built into the world's third-largest newspaper company, there
are indications there still may be plenty of legal manoeuvring in the
high-stakes case.

Several lawyers who specialize in cross-border extradition cases say that if he
wanted to, Black might be able to stall U.S. officials seeking his possible
extradition for more than a year.

"He's got money and it's not a terrorist act," said Douglas McNabb, a senior
principal with McNabb Associates in Houston.

McNabb was one of several lawyers specializing in extradition cases who said
yesterday that the U.S. justice department seems to have needlessly complicated
its case against Black by not waiting until he was in the U.S. before announcing
charges against Radler.

Even if U.S. officials weren't prepared to announce an indictment against Black
to coincide with Radler's, "they still could have issued a criminal complaint
against Black, which would still have given them 30 days to file the
indictment," said McNabb.

He was recently an expert witness at an extradition hearing involving a trio of
former Enron bankers in the U.K.

"That effectively would have landlocked Black, and prevented him from leaving
the country," McNabb said.

He added that the Department of Justice "just doesn't seem to strategize very
well on cases like this."

Black is currently free to travel since no indictment has been issued.

While he's a British citizen and a member of that country's House of Lords,
Black's citizenship would have no bearing on possible extradition proceedings
from Canada, the U.K., or most other European countries, lawyers said.

If Black were to travel to the U.K. and then fight a U.S. extradition request,
it's possible it might take several years for his case to work its way through
the courts, the U.K. Home Office - the department responsible for the country's
internal security - and possibly the European Court of Justice.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  AARON HARRIS cp Conrad Black, pictured in Toronto in November 2003, is
currently in Toronto and has no plans to travel abroad, his top Canadian lawyer
said yesterday. Edward Greenspan declined to say whether Black would willingly
travel to the U.S. to answer any criminal charges that might be filed.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2005 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              981 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   August 09, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

Her Gift Is Much More Than Savings

Courtland Milloy

SECTION: METRO; Pg.  B01; COURTLAND MILLOY

LENGTH: 812 words


I called Oseola McCarty at her home down in Hattiesburg, Miss., yesterday to
find out how she had managed to save so much money doing laundry and fixing
hair. I had read about McCarty in her hometown newspaper and figured that a lot
of people could benefit from her financial advice, including myself.

It was actually quite simple to do, she said, though not easy.

"I just put a little money in the bank each week and didn't touch it," said
McCarty, who is 87 years old. She said she left it alone for a long time, like
75 years. And voila! Her few-dollar deposits eventually grew into $ 150,000.

Now she's planning to give it all away. McCarty says that after she dies she
wants the University of Southern Mississippi to use her savings for a
scholarship program for blacks who cannot afford to go to college.

"I know some young people who said they wanted to go there but couldn't because
they didn't have the money," McCarty said. "I said I'd see what I could do."

I asked McCarty if she had heard of Howard University. She had, and thought it
was a fine school. I told her that the House voted last week to cut $ 25 million
from Howard's budget -- the Senate has yet to take action -- and that the
university could surely use some benefactors like her.

"I just gave to my hometown college," McCarty said, implying that, surely, there
were people like her in the Washington area who could do what she had done.

The fact is that Howard has 60,000 living alumni -- including the most stellar
group of black doctors, lawyers and business people produced by any college in
the world. During the fiscal year that ended in June, according to school
officials, they anted up about $ 1,680,202 for their alma mater.

That comes to about $ 28 a person.

Had each of them been able to do for Howard what McCarty did for USM, Howard
would now have $ 90 million -- more than enough to offset the House cuts. But
Howard's Alumni Association didn't even officially spend time lobbying against
the cuts.

"You must have a broad heart to give, whether it's time or money," McCarty told
me. "I've been saving since I was big enough to stand up next to a washtub, but
I can assure you that it is better to give than to receive."

McCarty was born in 1908 in rural Wayne County, Miss. She quit school in the
sixth grade to care for a sick aunt and began taking laundry into her home. She
started out by charging $ 1.50 a bundle -- about a week's worth of laundry for a
family of four. She also learned how to press hair and began charging 75 cents a
head.

She said she learned how to save from watching her mother, who was a cook. When
her mother would tuck away a coin for savings, McCarty would do the same with
her laundry money.

"I just guess some people have it in them to save, and I was one of them," she
said.

McCarty had come out of an era when it was important to save money, especially
among black people. During her childhood, it was not uncommon to hear stories
about how someone had managed to scrimp and save enough money to purchase the
freedom of loved ones who had been held as slaves.

As far back as the 18th century, blacks managed to save enough money to start
construction companies, barber and beauty shops, restaurants, stables and inns.
By the eve of the Civil War, the total personal wealth of free blacks in the
United States was about $ 50 million.

It is that tradition of savings and entrepreneurship, which appears to be
waning, that McCarty wants perpetuated through her scholarship funds.

"I want young people to know that it's okay to save money, to invest it and have
lots of money," McCarty said. "More important, though, I want them to understand
that what they don't need they should give to help those who are less fortunate.
You can't take it with you when you die, so you ought to do something good with
it."

McCarty retired in January because of arthritis in her right hand, what she
calls "my ironing hand. . . . People say I just worked that hand to death."

But her hard work certainly paid off. She doesn't worry about food, clothing or
shelter. At a time when so many senior citizens are struggling to make ends
meet, McCarty is comfortable in her own home, which is paid for and has a new
window air-conditioning unit.

I asked if she'd consider coming to Washington to give a seminar on savings. But
she said no, that she wasn't about to waste her money on something like that.
All she wants now is for her money to be used to educate as many young people as
possible.

"Education is what they are calling for these days and that's what our young
people need," she said. "I didn't get a formal education, but I want others to
get theirs." With a chuckle, she added, "I think I was just born knowing that it
was right to give to someone in need."

Hopefully, that lesson can also be taught.


NAME: Oseola McCarty

LOAD-DATE: August 09, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, david bundy, Oseola McCarty saved $150,000, money she hopes will
save others.

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                              982 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 1, 2004 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Report Details 'Kleptocracy' at Newspaper Firm

BYLINE: Frank Ahrens, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A01

LENGTH: 1195 words


Press tycoon Conrad M. Black and other top Hollinger International Inc.
officials pocketed more than $400 million in company money over seven years and
Black's handpicked board of directors passively approved many of the
transactions, a company investigation concluded.

A report by a special board committee singled out director Richard N. Perle, a
former Defense Department official, who received $5.4 million in bonuses and
compensation. The report said Perle should return the money to the Chicago
company.

The report also criticized the board's audit committee, which includes former
Illinois governor James R. Thompson and former ambassador Richard R. Burt, for
failing to question Black's large management fees. It said it was reasonable for
former secretary of state Henry Kissinger, another independent director, to rely
on the audit committee.

Black's holding company said the report was filled with "outright lies."

Black resigned in November after an internal investigation showed that he and
associates, mainly chief operating officer F. David Radler, received money that
the company should have kept. Hollinger International is suing Black -- a native
of Canada who is now a British citizen -- and others for $1.25 billion in
damages for their alleged pillaging of the company, which owns the Chicago
Sun-Times, the Jerusalem Post and other newspapers. It recently sold London's
Daily Telegraph.

The new report, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission late Monday,
added details of what it called the "corporate kleptocracy" Black and Radler
created at Hollinger. It said they treated the company as a "piggybank" and
fashion accessory, with Black using the prestige of the newspapers to gain
access to the wealthy, powerful and royal.

For example, the report said Black and his wife, Barbara Amiel Black, treated
the Hollinger corporate jet as a private shuttle between cities such as Chicago
and Toronto and vacation spots. They took frequent trips to Palm Springs and one
33-hour round trip to Bora Bora, which cost the company $530,000, the report
said. It also said Black charged the company $90,000 to refurbish a Rolls-Royce
and used $8 million in company money to buy memorabilia of President Franklin D.
Roosevelt, about whom Black wrote a book.

From 1997 to 2003, the report said, Black, Radler and other controlling
shareholders steered 95.2 percent of Hollinger's adjusted net income into their
personal accounts. Black's Hollinger Inc. has 68 percent voting control of
Hollinger International and 18.2 percent equity interest.

"Behind a constant stream of bombast regarding their accomplishments as
self-described 'proprietors,' Black and Radler made it their business to line
their pockets at the expense of Hollinger almost every day, in almost every way
they could devise," said the report, prepared by Richard C. Breeden, a former
SEC chairman. "At Hollinger, Black as both [chief executive] and controlling
shareholder, together with his associates, created an entity in which ethical
corruption was a defining characteristic of the leadership team."

Ravelston Corp. Ltd., Black's holding company, disputed the findings. "The
special committee's report is recycling the same exaggerated claims laced with
outright lies that have been peddled in leaks to the media and over-reaching
lawsuits since Richard Breeden first began his campaign against the founders of
Hollinger International," Ravelston said in a written statement. Black filed a
defamation suit against Breeden in February. "The report is full of so many
factual and tainting misrepresentations and inaccuracies that it is not
practical to address them in their entirety here."

The report said Perle "breached his fiduciary duties" as a member of the board's
executive committee, signing documents without evaluating or, sometimes, reading
them, including those that allowed Black and Radler to evade audit committee
scrutiny. Perle received more than $3 million in bonuses and hundreds of
thousands of dollars more in compensation from a Hollinger subsidiary that
invested in new media companies during the dot-com boom. The report said
Hollinger International put $63.6 million into 11 companies Perle recommended
and lost nearly $50 million. "Perle was a faithless fiduciary . . . and . . .
should not be allowed to retain any of his Hollinger compensation," the report
said.

Perle did not return a call to his office and e-mails asking for comment
yesterday. He said in an interview in May that any suggestion "that actions or
decisions taken by me involved a quid pro quo for compensation I received . . .
is absolutely false."

The report said Black and others diverted Hollinger money through Ravelston,
which charged management fees when Hollinger sold properties. The audit
committee, for example, approved $52 million for Ravelston when Hollinger
completed its sale of Canada's National Post newspaper to CanWest Global
Communications Corp. in 2001.

Members of the company's audit committee either didn't know or didn't care what
Black and Radler were doing, probably because they were too close to Black, the
report said. "Black named every member of the board, and the board's membership
was largely composed of individuals with whom Black had longstanding social,
business or political ties," the report said. "The board Black selected
functioned more like a social club or public policy association than as the
board of a major corporation, enjoying extremely short meetings followed by a
good lunch and discussion of world affairs."

Black said the board's audit committee signed off on his decisions. The report
said the audit committee should have pushed Black and Radler for more
information.

Laura Jereski, an analyst with minority shareholder Tweedy, Browne Co., which
spurred the creation of the special committee, said yesterday's report is "a
step in the right direction."

The report is inconclusive about the directors, she said, as it withholds its
opinion on how much blame they should receive for the actions of Black and
others. "So much money left this company," she said. "The special committee is
fully empowered to seek all remedies. We just want our money back."

The report contains e-mails from Black to other company officials about Perle,
whom Black called a "trimmer and a sharper" who was  profiting from Hollinger's
name in establishing his own venture fund.

"I have been exposed to Richard's full repertoire of histrionics, cajolery, and
utilization of fine print," Black wrote. "He hasn't been disingenuous exactly,
but I understand how he finessed the Russians out of deployed missiles in
exchange for non-eventual-deployment of half the number of missiles of unproven
design." Perle was an assistant secretary of defense in the Reagan
administration.

The report also contains some unexpected humor. When detailing the "Happy
Birthday, Barbara" dinner party that Black threw for his wife at New York's La
Grenouille restaurant ($42,870), the authors noted: "At least Black's choice of
venue for his wife's birthday was less expensive than Dennis Kozlowski's party
for his wife on Sardinia that was charged in part to Tyco."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              983 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                February 9, 1999, Tuesday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Martin indicted on 6 counts;
Falcons receiver charged with money-laundering, conspiracy in connection with
longtime friend.

BYLINE: Len Pasquarelli

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 01D

LENGTH: 1246 words


Atlanta Falcons wide receiver Tony Martin faces severe disciplinary action from
NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue, including possible banishment from the league,
if found guilty of money-laundering and conspiracy indictments brought against
him Monday in a federal court in Miami.

Under investigation by at least three federal agencies for more than six months,
Martin was charged in U.S. District Court for Southern Florida with five counts
of laundering drug-related revenues for longtime friend and twice-convicted drug
trafficker Rickey Brownlee. Martin, who caught five passes for 79 yards for the
Falcons in Super Bowl XXXIII, also was indicted on one conspiracy charge. He is
not accused of any direct involvement in Brownlee's alleged drug-distribution
ring.

The money-laundering charges each carry a maximum sentence of 20 years.

While it is unlikely that the league would take any action until due process is
followed in the case, NFL vice president of public relations Greg Aiello
acknowledged that the matter is serious. "This has been under scrutiny by league
security people for some time now, and we continue to monitor the situation,"
Aiello said.

Citing the NFL Policy Manual for Players, which was distributed to players
before the start of the 1998 season, Aiello conceded that Tagliabue will have
wide-ranging punitive options if Martin is convicted or pleads guilty.

According to the manual, the commissioner "may impose fines or other appropriate
discipline for conduct detrimental to the integrity of (the league) or loss of
public confidence in the NFL." Among the specific charges that could put Martin
under the purview of Tagliabue is "improper use or circulation of drugs or other
drug-related misconduct."

Even his continued association with a known felon could result in Martin being
disciplined by the NFL, Aiello said. Depending on the resolution of the case,
that punishment could be as benign as a fine or as severe as immediate
banishment from the league.

Martin, 33, surrendered early Monday morning to federal officers in Miami,
culminating the grand jury's lengthy investigation into Brownlee's activities. A
nine-year NFL veteran, Martin entered the courtroom of U.S. Magistrate Judge
Barry Garber quietly and in manacles. He was fingerprinted and photographed
before being released on $ 250,000 bond.

Referring in court to Martin's "large salary," Assistant U.S. Attorney Ron
DeWaard had requested that bond be set at $ 1 million. "There needs to be some
bond with bite in it," DeWaard told Garber.

Martin earned a base salary of $ 1.45 million in 1998 and is scheduled to make $
1.5 million in 1999. The Falcons must pay Martin a roster bonus of $ 400,000 on
March 1 to retain his services for 1999. It is ancitipated that the Falcons will
pay the roster bonus.

The federal indictments allege that Brownlee, currently in the Miami Federal
Detention Center awaiting trial on seven counts of trafficking dating to 1986,
funneled the drug money to Martin, who then used it to lease luxury automobiles.
The 16-page indictment of Brownlee, Martin and other associates lists at least
three cars leased by Martin and kept under his registration while being used by
Brownlee.

Brownlee was driving one of those automobiles, a Mercedes SL-500, when arrested
by federal authorities in January 1998. The indictment also alleges, citing a
March 5 call by Brownlee from jail, that Martin used drug money to cover a check
for $ 175,000 that he wrote to help fund his friend's defense.

That check was written to Milton Hirsch, then the attorney for Brownlee. After
federal officials subpoenaed Martin's financial records, he stopped payment on
the check, and Hirsch filed suit for the $ 175,000. Hirsch dropped the suit when
he was forced by the government to withdraw as Brownlee's counsel.

"They claimed there was a conflict (of interest) because I witnessed the alleged
act of money-laundering by accepting the check (from Martin)," said Hirsch, who
expects to be called as a witness in the case. "Let's face it, the government is
out to nail a big name here. They want a high-profile guy, and (Martin)
qualifies."

Brownlee's new attorney, Ed O'Donnell, recently predicted Martin would never do
jail time, implying that the wide receiver would testify against Brownlee in
return for reduced charges. Brownlee, 41, is known in the area as "The Mayor of
Opa-locka" and he owns several businesses there, including a restaurant and
car-wash that Martin has conceded frequenting. He often gave Martin money while
the player was in college, dated Martin's aunt for a time and remained a close
friend. Convicted twice in the 1980s for trafficking in cocaine, he has served
seven years in jail. Brownlee reportedly moved 80 to 100 kilos of cocaine weekly
but authorities had difficulty tracing the profits.

Upon his release Monday morning, Martin and recently retained attorney Roy Black
insisted that the player will be acquitted at trial.

"I'm well-known in this community," said Martin, a Miami native who grew up in
the blighted Liberty City section and was befriended by Brownlee while in high
school. "I am not guilty of anything. This whole thing is ludicrous. After this
trial is over, I will be cleared."

Black said that "by no stretch, none whatsoever," did his client's actions
constitute money-laundering.

Black is a renowned defense attorney and an associate of Johnnie Cochran. On
Monday, the attorney announced that a web site would be created to keep Martin's
fans apprised of developments in the case. Black also issued a statement in
which he lauded Martin as "loyal and loving" to his family and friends.

"Tony never imagined providing financial assistance to a neighborhood friend
could be construed as a crime," Black said in the statement. "He vigorously
denied the accusation." Black did not return several telephone messages.

During the Falcons' week of Super Bowl XXXIII preparations, Martin had referred
to the October reports as "garbage" and told reporters the situation was
"resolved" and "over with." He jokingly chalked up the investigation to "a
miscommunication." At that time, however, federal authorities were seeking an
interview with Martin.

That same week, representatives from two of the three agencies investigating
Martin confirmed that the player still was the subject of a grand jury
investigation. Both agencies denied, though, that charges were imminent.

Falcons coach Dan Reeves said Monday that federal authorities had agreed to wait
until after the team's Super Bowl appearance to take action.

"Most of it is IRS-related," said Reeves, who noted that Martin was interviewed
formally last week, on Monday. "His dad kept me informed. We've just got to
allow the law to run its course. There's nothing to be done (now). He is being
investigated by a grand jury, and we have to let things play out legally. . . .
Tony has cooperated the whole way."

Before being jailed on contempt-of-court charges last month, Sam Wilson, a
friend of Brownlee and Martin, suggested federal authorities "want Tony bad."

Terrance Smith, a friend of Martin, agreed Monday with that assessment and
insisted that the player will be cleared of all the charges.

"When he got out of (Miami), he cleaned himself up really good," Smith said.
"Tony liked the good life, but this stuff --- there's no way he did it."

Staff writer Matt Winkeljohn contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Tony Martin

                    Copyright 1999 The Atlanta Constitution


                              984 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 28, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

Benefits of Buying Black Is Theme at Kwanzaa Expo

DeNeen L. Brown, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 688 words


When Ayo Handy-Clary needs a loaf of bread or a gallon of milk, she goes out of
her way to put her dollar in the hands of black people. She walks up the block
in her Shaw neighborhood, past the Asian-owned store and around the corner to a
mom-and-pop store owned by an African American couple.

It's not that she doesn't want to buy from Asians, she said, she just wants to
help out "my people." So when she needs computer equipment, she flips through
the black business directory. And when she needs to do her gift shopping, she
saves her money and waits for festivals such as the Kwanzaa Holiday Expo held
this weekend in the District, which promoted the theme of buying black.

"I will go all the way across town to purchase items from my own people,"
Handy-Clary said. "I make a special effort because I recognize it's helping me.
It's bringing money back in the community, and that translates into jobs. Money
in the black community can help black folks."

Organizers of the expo were hoping to capture shoppers like Handy-Clary, who
want to spend their dollars with businesses owned by blacks, employing a
significant number of blacks or sponsoring community programs that would benefit
black people. Yesterday, hundreds of vendors displayed their goods in the Andrew
W. Mellon Auditorium at 13th Street and Constitution Avenue NW, where they sold
books, paintings, sculptures, beaded works, dolls, games and clothing.

The expo, which also featured workshops on Kwanzaa, kicked off a national tour
that will go to St. Louis, Philadelphia and New York. Kwanzaa, a Ki-Swahili word
meaning first fruits, is an African American holiday of remembrance and
thanksgiving. The holiday, which is not associated with any religion, is
celebrated by thousands of African Americans throughout the United States from
Dec. 26 to Jan. 1 each year.

The heart of Kwanzaa is Nzugo Saba, the seven principles of blackness, which
are: unity, self-determination, collective work and responsibility, cooperative
economics, purpose, creativity and faith.

"Cooperative economics is the one principle that deals directly to the need of
supporting black business," said Thutmose Anthony Thomas, a doctor and president
of the Washington Metropolitan Area Chapter of Better Family Life, a nonprofit
organization that helped organize the expo. "This event is built around that. It
was something that would draw people out of the shopping malls to a place where
they could spend dollars with people of their own community."

Thomas's wife, Alice, 31, is program director for Better Family Life and teaches
at Howard University's law school. She said there is a reinvigorated movement
among African Americans to buy from African Americans.

African Americans are beginning to understand the benefits of supporting
community businesses, she said. "By keeping the dollar in the community, you
increase the wealth in that community. Those not like us aren't investing in our
community. They take it away when they lock up the doors and go home at night."

According to a recent study by the University of Georgia, the spending power of
African Americans is growing faster than the spending power of the country. The
study projected the power of black consumers would increase by one-third by 1995
from 1990, up from $ 298 billion to $ 399 billion in the five-year period. The
increase exceeds the 29.5 percent growth rate expected for the total buying
power in the country in that same period.

Some of the vendors at the expo yesterday said they are depending on those black
dollars for their survival.

"The black community in the North, South, East and West is economically bereft.
We have money, but we don't know what to do with it," said Saadiq A. Ramadan,
who was selling compact discs and cassette tapes. "Right now, every community
but ours gets our money."

Arnim Jacob, 38, a book vendor from Brooklyn, N.Y., said black customers are
"good just for our survival. Most of what we sell in here is ethnic stuff. But
when you sell the mainstream stuff, most people who are buying from us are from
our community. It's self-preservation."

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              985 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 23, 1991, Saturday, Final Edition

Black Fraternal Groups Play Big Role In Funding Wilder's Presidential Bid;
Candidate Makes Use of Untapped Exclusive Middle-Class Clubs

Donald P. Baker, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A4

LENGTH: 956 words

DATELINE: RICHMOND


A secret weapon helping fund Gov. L. Douglas Wilder's campaign for president is
his association with a handful of organizations, little known beyond
middle-class black America, where the blue and white of Howard University is a
more important school tie than the crimson of Harvard.

They include the Guardsmen, an exclusive social club to which no more than 30
black men can be admitted in any city; the Boule' (officially Sigma Phi Pi, the
oldest of the black Greek letter organizations, whose members must be college
graduates of distinction) and Omega Psi Phi, one of the eight historically black
undergraduate fraternities and sororities.

Wilder, who joined the Boule' and the Guardsmen in the late 1960s and the Ques,
as the Omegas are known, as an undergraduate at Virginia Union University here
in the late 1940s, said their rosters often overlap.

"They are, or have been, an untapped source" of money, the governor said before
leaving this week on the most intense trip of his campaign, which is taking him
to six states in five days, with a fund-raiser at each stop. "They provide a
network, cells, all around the country. Let's see," he paused, "the event in
Detroit included Guardsmen; the Chicago fund-raiser was Guardsmen and Boule',
and so was the one in St. Louis."

Members of these groups say they can better identify with the governor, a lawyer
who has built a record during 22 years of public life, than with two-time
presidential candidate Jesse L. Jackson, a preacher long on inspiration but
short on experience in political office. They were for Wilder and his brand of
fiscal conservatism, even before Jackson announced he would not be a candidate
this year.

Wilder, however, isn't concentrating on the black middle class at the expense of
Jackson's traditional base in the churches. Wilder "preached up a storm," as he
put it, at an African Methodist Episcopal Church convention recently in
Philadelphia. On Sunday he'll make a symbolic visit to two cities identified
with racial violence -- Selma, Ala., starting point of the famous civil rights
march 26 years ago, and Dubuque, Iowa, where almost a dozen cross burnings have
been reported in recent weeks.

Both places are a long way from the comfortable homes where many of his
fund-raisers take place, their owners part of an affluent black network in
cities around the country.

Ben Brown, who has known Wilder since both were among the first blacks elected
to Southern legislatures since Reconstruction (Brown in Georgia in 1965; Wilder
in Virginia in 1969), said the Guardsmen, Boule' and the Greek letter societies
"represent the infrastructure of black America, a fraternal dynamic that
permeates the black community. When a quality person like Doug Wilder asserts
himself, lets it be known that he wants support, he is capable of igniting that
network."

Using Guardsmen as contacts, Brown, deputy director of the Democratic National
Committee during the Carter administration and now a business consultant in
Plainfield, N.J., helped set up recent fund-raisers for Wilder in Chicago and
St. Louis, along with one Thursday in Atlanta.

In Chicago, Guardsman James E. Jones, an obstetrician-gynecologist, and his
wife, Jetta Norris Jones, a lawyer who served in former Mayor Harold
Washington's cabinet, opened their art-filled, three-story prairie-style home in
the Hyde Park-Kenwood neighborhood for a reception Oct. 21 that netted enough
money (at least $ 5,000 in donations of $ 250 or less) for Wilder to count
Illinois as one of 20 states necessary to qualify for federal matching funds.

The next night in suburban Town and Country, Mo., near St. Louis, Wilder was a
guest at a cocktail party in the home of dentist William H. Jones, a Boule', and
his wife, Bette, a lawyer. After Wilder spoke, $ 4,800 worth of checks were
collected in a fish bowl passed through the crowd of 50 lawyers, physicians,
educators, businessmen, city and county officials and state Sen. Bill Clay Jr.,
son of the Missouri congressman.

After participating with the other Democratic candidates in a debate at the
AFL-CIO convention in Detroit, Guardsmen and Boule' were well represented among
46 people who paid $ 1,000 for dinner and a dozen more $ 250 each for a
reception at the River Place Inn.

Wilder points to such successes as proof that he can raise "a sum sufficient" to
make his campaign competitive. Campaign officials estimate he has raised about $
100,000 from the parties in recent weeks.

But low-key Doug Wilder, even wound up tight, is no Jesse Jackson. After Wilder
spoke to students at Clark Atlanta University on Thursday, Jackson's 1988
Georgia chairman, state Sen. Eugene Walker, was quoted by the Atlanta
Constitution as saying that he "doesn't excite the deep emotional reaction that
Jesse does. There is an ambivalence about Wilder among the African-Americans."

Wilder countered, "at the appropriate time I will have the overwhelming support
of the black community and the black leadership."

But at gatherings likes those in St. Louis and Chicago, and an earlier one in
Dallas, his message of fiscal conservatism is winning plaudits among the black
middle class. In Texas, Wilder's budgetary slogan of "necessities not niceties"
won cheers from 1,800 business leaders attending the 65th annual banquet of the
Dallas Black Chamber of Commerce.

Wilder isn't shy about asking for money. During his campaign for governor two
year ago, in which there was no limit on contributions, aides arranged for
Wilder to talk to comedian Bill Cosby on the telephone, and suggested that
Wilder ask Cosby for $ 10,000. Wilder, who had never met Cosby, who is "a fellow
Que," instead asked for $ 100,000. "And I got it, too," Wilder recalls.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              986 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      September 2, 2001 Sunday 2D EDITION

Town's gamble hit the jackpot

BYLINE: Chuck Green,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 596 words


About 10 years ago, Colorado voters approved a law to permit  casino gambling in
the state, promising to preserve three historic  towns. When it was first
proposed, the law would have protected  four towns, not just three.

But that fourth town, Georgetown, opted out of the promised  bonanza, believing
in itself enough to say that it didn't need to  invite the casino-gambling
industry to town to preserve what it  already had.

As it turns out, the citizens of Georgetown were right. Their  self-confidence
is being rewarded.

I can't speak for the folks down in Cripple Creek, one of the  three towns that
were included as beneficiaries of the state law  approved by Colorado voters a
decade ago. If rumors are true,  Cripple Creek is the only one of the three
towns that has turned  out as voters envisioned it.

But I can speak about the other two towns, Black Hawk and  Central City, and
what gambling has brought - or, more accurately,  wrought - on them.

It isn't pretty. Neither town resembles what it was 10 years  ago. They have
gone from a state of economically deprived  disrepair to an entire, obscene
reformation. They are not  historically preserved mining towns. They have become
comic  versions of the neon-lit Las Vegas strip.

And only one - Black Hawk - is making money. Central City  seems to be withering
on the same dying vine that it was dangling  from 10 years ago, but with no hope
for a better future.

So Central City is dying, and Black Hawk is thriving - but  neither old town has
survived.

And that brings us to Georgetown, the historic village that  opted out of the
Colorado casino-gambling law.

Unlike Central City and Black Hawk, Georgetown is doing fine -  really, really
fine.

And that is partially because it is a  financial beneficiary of the casino
bonanza. As a historic town,  it has reaped fiscal grants from the casino money
dropped on the  tables and into the slots of Black Hawk and Central City. It
might  be said that those two towns, as historical landmarks, were  sacrificed
to save Georgetown.

The money made from casinos in Black Hawk and Central City  has been distributed
to dozens of preservation projects in  Colorado, but there is no better example
of its effect than  Georgetown, the only respectable mining-town municipality
within  easy driving distance from Denver, now that Central City and Black  Hawk
have been destroyed by the efforts to save them.

How ironic.

Georgetown, among the three, was the only one that opted out  of the
casino-gambling vote, yet it is the only one of the three  that has been saved
as an historically valid site by the revenues  generated from that election - or
by being granted a pardon by not  being included as a direct recipient of its
intentions.

To see the difference, you only have to spend a few minutes in  Central City and
Black Hawk, then drive a few miles over to  historic Georgetown and enjoy a few
hours of strolling down 6th  Street and having lunch at one of its nice cafes.

There are shops and galleries that offer everything from fine  jewelry to fine
art to home furnishings to rare books.

In this space Monday, I'll take you on a stroll down Sixth  Street. And I
promise that if you are looking for an enchanting  afternoon in an historic
Colorado mining town, you'll find it in  Georgetown - not in the casino canyons
of Central City and Black  Hawk which, like so many villages in Vietnam, were
destroyed in  the effort to save them.

LOAD-DATE: September 05, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                        Copyright 2001 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           February 9, 2002 Saturday

Black likes BTU; sizing up The Sun; and Anton's drive cleans up;
Black likes BTU; sizing up The Sun; and Anton's drive cleans up

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 607 words


Each January, Barron's publishes an "investment roundtable," in which 10
professional money managers spin their yarn about the economy and offer stock
picks. Every so often, a local company draws some attention.

One of the roundtable participants is Scott Black, a Boston money manager known
for his preference for "value stocks," or those that sell for less than what
Black and his ilk consider to be their intrinsic worth.

One of Black's picks this year is BTU International, a Billerica-based maker of
thermal processing equipment and controls for the manufacture of printed circuit
boards and for semiconductor packaging. It employs about 300 people.

Black likes the fact that the company's stock sells for just $5.85 a share
[based on Thursday's close], just a touch more than its book value [about $4.25
a share]. It holds $2.23 a share in cash alone, and the stock has a 52-week
range of $3 to $10. Shares trade on Nasdaq under BTUI.

The company, which on Thursday reported 2001 sales of $47.1 million [down 53%
over the previous year] and a loss of $3.7 million [54 cents a share], has
suffered from the severe downturn in electronics and semiconductor products. But
Black says the company's potential is indicated from the previous year, when it
reported almost $100 million in revenues and profits of 78 cents a share.

On a lighter note, when describing BTU, Black pointed out its Billerica
headquarters by telling baseball fans that it was Tom Glavine's hometown.

"He's a pitcher for Atlanta," Black reportedly then added to the esteemed
Barron's roundtable.

Of course, one would assume that a real baseball fan -- even a casual one --
already knows for whom Glavine pitches.

q

The Sun as one of the highest-circulation p.m. newspapers in the nation?

It's a closer call than you might guess.

Forbes magazine, in its Feb. 4 edition, lists the 10 highest-circulation daily
newspapers that publish during the afternoon. In 10th place was the Kalamazoo
Mich.-based Kalamzoo Gazette, with a circulation of 56,754. That isn't a whole
lot more than The Sun, which currently boasts a daily circulation of 51,598,
according to Vice President of Circulation Terry Thompson.

The reason suburban newspapers are getting national rankings is that many
once-large p.m. newspapers, including the Atlanta Journal, Seattle Times and San
Francisco Examiner have moved to morning publication. Others have either closed
or merged with other papers.

The No. 1 p.m. is the Detroit News, with a circulation of 242,855. Michigan
papers took the next two spots as well -- The Grand Rapids Press [139,800] was
the runner-up, with the Flint Journal [88,817] third.

The Patriot-Ledger of Quincy was fifth at 66,939, the only Massachusetts paper
to crack the top 10. The Sun's Merrimack Valley rival, the Eagle-Tribune of
Lawrence, is also on the just-missed list at 54,203.

All figures are from the Audit Bureau of Circulations.

q

In yet another sign that local charitable efforts didn't fly south with the
economy over the holidays, Tewksbury-based Anton's Cleaners recently reported
that its "Coats for Kids" drive resulted in the collection of a record 45,602
winter coats for men, women and children.

This represents a 41 percent increase over last year's drive, which was the
previous record. The company has increased its collections each year since the
program began, in 1995 when it collected 2,700 coats.

Anton's is a family-owned business that runs 41 stores in eastern Massachusetts
and southern New Hampshire.

Dan O'Brien's email address is dobrien@lowellsun.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              988 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     April 11, 1986, Friday, Final Edition

Just What Black Students Need

BYLINE: By William Raspberry

SECTION: First Section; Op-Ed; A15

LENGTH: 591 words


When Barry Beckham decided to publish an annual update of his "Black Students
Guide to Colleges," he wasn't dreaming of yachts and penthouses, but he did
figure to make a buck or two. He had a good product, a clearly defined market
and the potential for repeat business of the sort you can do through the mail.

When I talked to the part-time literature professor at Brown University last
week, his Beckham House Publishers bank balance was about $150. He doubted that
he'd be able to publish four books on which he had contracts, and he had "no
immediate prospects" for getting out a third edition of the guide that was to
bankroll his other publishing ventures.

Barry Beckham, in short, is broke in spite of the fact that the analysis that
got him into the venture still seems sound.

As the father of a high school senior, I can vouch for the unique usefulness of
the "Black Students Guide." Dozens of publications will tell you about tuition
costs and course offerings. A fair number provide information on minority
enrollments and minority faculty ratios and all of that. But Beckham's book
provides peculiarly useful insights into the intangibles of college life: not
just the number of black students but the degree to which black students either
withdraw unto themselves or participate in the general campus activities; the
availability and usefulness of counseling services; the prevailing racial
attitudes on campus and off.

The assessments come from black students themselves and are updated (at least
that is what Beckham had planned) every year.

It is just the sort of publication black high school seniors and their anxious
parents would gladly spend $11.95 for, that high school counselors would order
as a matter of routine -- if they knew about it.

That, Beckham is convinced, has been the problem.

"All of the people I talked to thought it would be easy to sell the guide to
school systems around the country, since it fills a very special niche. We
raised $75,000 by tapping the resources of friends and supporters, and my
partner, Glenn Morris, a former marketing executive for Gulf Oil, put up his
house to secure us a line of credit."

But the venture was undercapitalized by half, he says, and as a result was
unable to afford the necessary marketing. He figured that it would take 15,000
sales the first year to keep the business afloat and provide a little cushion.
He sold 9,000 and lost money.

"It's just so hard to get the word out when you don't have money," he said from
his office in Providence. "I know there's a market there. We had a small mention
in the February issue of Black Enterprise, and that little item resulted in 100
orders a week, and they're still coming in."

Unfortunately, it has come to the point where Beckham House needs more than
sporadic orders. It needs capital, and Beckham, broke and in debt, doesn't know
where it's coming from. "We need a minimum of $110,000, and realistically we
need twice that in order to be able to lose money for a while. I don't know
where you get that kind of backing."

If he could find the money, he said, he'd get started immediately on a third
edition of the guide, gear up publication of his college selection workbook and
scholarship list for black students, and start cranking out the four other books
on which he has stopped taking back orders.

"But if nothing happens soon, we'll just have to chuck it," he said. "It's been
eight months since we've paid ourselves, and next week I'm afraid we're going to
have to let our secretary go."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                              989 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 7, 1985, Thursday, Final Edition

U.S. Jury Gets Drug Money Case;
Former Lobbyist Fred Black Jr. Charged With Laundering

BYLINE: By Philip Smith, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B3

LENGTH: 667 words


A U.S. District Court jury began deliberations here yesterday in a major drug
distribution case in which former Washington lobbyist Fred B. Black Jr. is
accused of laundering $1.5 million in drug profits through Riggs National Bank
for a Bethesda cocaine kingpin.

Prosecution testimony in the trial, now in its eighth week, has included stories
of Miami-area drug smuggling, cocaine deliveries by private plane, suitcases
stuffed with hundreds of thousands of dollars and even the acknowledged Bethesda
dealer pulling a wad of money out of his boot for a bank deposit.

The case also is tied to a recently extradited Colombian citizen, Marcos
Cadavid, who is scheduled for trial next week and is under extraordinarily heavy
guard by U.S. law enforcement officials who fear he may be the target of
assassins dispatched to this country by angry Colombian cocaine czars.

A federal grand jury in Washington indicted 15 people in December 1983 in
connection with the alleged conspiracy to distribute cocaine here and in several
other states.

Seven, including the government's star witness in the current trial, have
pleaded guilty. Two others are fugitives. Four defendants are now on trial and
Cadavid and former Riggs vice president William G. Hessler face trial later this
month.

Federal prosecutors have alleged that Black, who lives at the Watergate
apartment complex, conspired to launder more than $1 million in cocaine proceeds
through two dummy accounts at a Riggs branch at the Watergate, which Hessler
managed.

Much of the money was later invested in a proposed 13-story, 515-room Atlantic
City casino, according to prosecutors.

Prosecutors charged that Black received the cash from Bethesda drug dealer
Lawrence G. "Lonnie" Strickland, whose sister is married to Hessler. Strickland,
who pleaded guilty earlier, has been the government's key witness.

Also on trial are Robert H. Burns, a Miami lawyer charged with selling cocaine
wholesale to Strickland; John C. Tarantino, assistant city attorney of East
Orange, N.J.; and Wilfred Samuel Bell, described by prosecutors as "the biggest
outlet for Strickland's cocaine in the Washington area."

Bell, who left the United States for England before the 1983 indictment, was
extradited to stand trial here. All four men have pleaded innocent.

Black's lawyer, Thomas Dyson, contended in closing arguments that Black never
profited from cocaine proceeds. Instead, said Dyson, Black was "struggling"
financially.

Black's "biggest struggle," scoffed Assistant U.S. Attorney Roger Adelman, was
carrying the suitcases of cash brought to him for laundering by Strickland.

Adelman and Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul Knight charged that Black made several
trips to Riggs branches in one day trying to break Strickland's cash bonanza
into smaller, less noticeable deposits.

Strickland testified he met Black through the Hesslers in the mid-1970s when
Black needed a loan. Strickland told his sister to retrieve $17,000 from a shoe
box at "Nanna's" -- the home of Strickland's grandmother -- for Black's use.

The loan later became "an investment" in the proposed casino as the business
relationship between Black and Strickland blossomed, Strickland testified.

In September 1979, as cash demands for the casino project intensified,
Strickland dispatched $304,000 in cash for laundering by Black, according to
testimony.

A second cash shipment of $500,000 from Strickland to Black was flown by a
private pilot into National Airport later the same month, government witnesses
said.

Strickland, a Washington native and graduate of Wilson High School in the
District, started in the early 1970s as a small-time drug dealer, according to
prosecutors.

Prosecutors charged that Strickland's drug-dealing career took off after he met
Black, who allegedly introduced him in 1978 to Burns, the Miami lawyer.

Burns began selling Strickland cocaine at a wholesale price of about $49,000 a
kilogram (2.2 pounds), according to prosecution evidence.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1985 The Washington Post


                              990 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 7, 2014 Friday

UMD sees state funding shrink, leans on tuition hikes

BYLINE: By Jana Hollingsworth Forum News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; Ramsey County; Education; Minnesota-Twin Cities; West Metro;
State

LENGTH: 759 words


DULUTH -- Over a four-year period, the University of Minnesota-Duluth received
about 20 percent less money from the state than the Twin Cities campus.

Unrestricted state money for UMD dropped from $48.3 million in 2009 to $28.2
million in 2013 -- a 41.6 percent decline. During the same period, the Twin
Cities campus saw a 22.6 percent drop of its share.

University officials point to that decline in state funding and the need to
raise tuition as a major cause of the disparity. Tuition was raised at UMD
during those years -- the same time UMD saw an increase in enrollment -- to help
the U manage its limited funds, said UMD Chancellor Lendley Black.

"We were too tuition-dependent," Black said.

The amount of money the state has given to the University of Minnesota system
shrank from $709 million in 2008 to $570 million in 2012, because of the Great
Recession, said Richard Pfutzenreuter, the U's vice president and CFO. While the
money comes from the state, U administrators and President Eric Kaler determine
what each campus receives and the Board of Regents approve their choices.

"We increased tuition to offset it," Pfutzenreuter said of the decline. "Nobody
likes having to raise that tuition revenue. That was a conscious decision
because (former President Robert) Bruininks and the academic leaders at the time
didn't want to jeopardize the gains in academic quality and student experience
that everyone has worked on here."

That trend has since been reversed, Pfutzenreuter said, with increased money
from the state and no tuition increase this year and next.

There are other reasons for the disparity. The Twin Cities campus produces more
research than any of the other U campuses. That research is expensive,
Pfutzenreuter said, and isn't supported by tuition. As state funding has
declined, a larger portion of it has gone to the Twin Cities campus for
research, for example, with UMD relying more heavily on tuition.

It's also more expensive to educate a medical student than an undergraduate
student, which UMD primarily serves, Pfutzenreuter said. The unrestricted state
money that went to the U medical school this year -- whose budget includes the
Duluth campus of the school -- was about $76 million. It received another $17.6
million in restricted funds, which means the state has directed where it will
go. The medical school is the biggest recipient of state funds within the
university system.

The research done on the Twin Cities campus is expensive, especially in the
field of medicine, Black said, "but we do very impactful research on Lake
Superior and fresh water."

While money may not be equally shared because of the differences in what each
university does, Black said he was working to make changes on that front.

Rep. Mary Murphy, DFL-Hermantown, said UMD deserves a bigger share of the state
money pie.

"The people making the decisions are in a different part of the state, so the
voices up here aren't heard as loudly," she said. "We are part of the strength
of the University of Minnesota and we sometimes have to remind them of that."

The flagship campus should have more money for research but tuition should be
kept at a reasonable level, said Michael Pfau, president of the University
Education Association and an associate professor in the Department of
Communication at UMD.

Last year, UMD's undergraduate tuition was higher than the Twin Cities, he said.
He noted that UMD has a unique niche with its undergraduate research and the
chances it gives students to work with faculty rather than teaching assistants,
like at bigger research universities. While UMD is a mostly undergraduate
university, it does more research than other public educational institutions in
the state combined after the Twin Cities campus, Pfau said.

"At the very least, we should have equal percentage declines," he said of the
allocations. "We declined almost twice as fast. That figure disturbs me the
most."

Black said UMD received an increase in its allocation this year and is expecting
"better days ahead."

"In the meantime, I have been very assertive in making the funding case for
UMD," he said of meeting with administrators from the Twin Cities. "It's been a
tough time, especially when that was compounded by the drop in enrollment. It's
put some stress on the budget situation on campus."

Since fall 2011, enrollment has dropped by more than 550 students. Total
enrollment this fall was 11,241.

UMD is looking to save and cut more than $11 million over the next few years,
and is expected to announce its plans on how it will do that soon.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              991 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                      June 28, 1998, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

MONEY & MORE;
Black churches make big financial statement

BYLINE: Vikki Ramsey Conwell

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 03R

LENGTH: 428 words


New accounts kept volunteer Robert Stanley counting money at the South DeKalb
Church Federal Credit Union until 9 p.m. last Saturday --- long after the 2 p.m.
closing time.

The windfall, from members of area black churches, was in response to urging by
church leaders to transfer money from white-owned banks into the black
church-sponsored credit union. More than $ 150,000 in new deposits was received,
and new accounts still are being opened.

"A statement was made that we can and will come together to support our own,"
said Stanley, a financial officer with the credit union. "The community stepped
up to the challenge and said enough is enough."

The credit union, which opened in February 1997 with 800 members, has assets of
$ 1.9 million. But it needs more than $ 2 million before it can provide checking
and ATM services. It currently offers certificates of deposit, savings accounts
and some loans. By boosting the assets of the credit union, the churches hope to
have an economic impact on a community that has long complained of being ignored
by businesses and developers --- even though it is one of the nation's most
affluent African-American communities. "There is a renewed interest in minority
economic empowerment in general, and black economic empowerment in specific,"
said William Michael Cunningham, president of Creative Investment Research, a
Washington-based investment management company that works with female- and
minority-owned banks and credit unions. "And many people are using financial
institutions as an engine to do it.

"When people feel they are being discriminated against, the only thing that will
work is competition," Cunningham added. "Assuming that the free market works as
advertised, change is inevitable."

Such efforts represent attempts at self-help and control, said Edward Irons,
dean emeritus of the business school at Clark Atlanta University.

"Nobody is going to help us but us," said Irons. "It is in our own self-interest
to invest in our communities."

The black church, which can provide the leadership to mobilize people toward a
common goal, also thrives as a financially viable institution, experts say. An
estimated $ 15 billion to $ 20 billion is channeled through black churches
annually, according to the National Black Chamber of Commerce in Washington.

"There is so much money that is channeled through the church into commercial
banks," said Rev. Cynthia Hale, pastor of Ray of Hope Christian Church in South
DeKalb. "Unfortunately that money is not being used for our benefit."

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Home

GRAPHIC: Photo :
 Church union: Carolyn Miller of New Birth Baptist Church opens an
 account at South DeKalb Church Federal Credit Union. / CHRIS RANK /
 Special

                    Copyright 1998 The Atlanta Constitution


                              992 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 13, 1994, Monday, Final Edition

Effect of Halving PAC Donation Cap Would Be Slight, Analysis Finds

Charles R. Babcock, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A17; THE FEDERAL PAGE

LENGTH: 735 words


The Senate banned political action committee (PAC) donations when it passed
campaign finance reform; the House kept the current $ 5,000-per-election limit,
with the Democratic leadership arguing that large PAC contributions were needed
to fund candidates from poorer districts.

The search for a compromise, so far at least, has ignored a little-recognized
reality: The average PAC donation to a candidate in the 1992 elections was only
about $ 1,600, according to an analysis of Federal Election Commission records.
The median donation was $ 1,000, and the most common donation was $ 500.

Even House Democrats who won in 1992 with less than 55 percent of the vote, many
of whom got much larger PAC donations, would have lost only about 3 percent of
their PAC money had the limit been cut in half, according to an analysis by
Common Cause, which is pushing for a limit that will attract Senate Republican
votes. These members would have lost much more, about 31 percent, because of an
overall PAC limit already in the House-passed bill.

Rep. Corrine Brown (D-Fla.) doesn't want to hear any of this. Or that she would
lose relatively little of her fund-raising base even if the PAC limit were cut
in half. The freshman from Jacksonville urged fellow members of the
Congressional Black Caucus in a recent letter to fight to keep the $ 5,000
limit.

"The whole thing is hypocritical," Brown said of the attack on PACs. Individual
donors, after all, gave twice as much money as PACs in the 1992 elections. And
she cited what she called "do righters," colleagues who can raise $ 200,000 at
one event from wealthy individuals writing $ 1,000 checks.

"I want the leadership to be strong on this issue," she added. "I don't want
them to take away any of my options."

Brown argued in her letter to the Black Caucus that "Our congressional districts
are disproportionately poor, and our constituents cannot afford to contribute
very much to political campaigns." Thus, she wrote, black House members "would
stand to lose an enormous amount of our fund-raising base" if there were a sharp
reduction or ban on PAC contributions.

A look at the records, however, shows that even if the PAC limit were cut in
half -- to $ 5,000 per election cycle -- Brown would have lost only about 3
percent of the money she raised for the 1992 primary and general elections. (She
also won a runoff in the open-seat race.) She raised about 55 percent of her
money from PACs overall and won 60 percent of the vote in November 1992.

Now that she is an incumbent, Brown is raising nearly 80 percent of her money
from PACs and through March 1994 had received maximum donations of $ 10,000 from
the PACs of United Parcel Service and the Machinists union. Cutting the PAC
limit in half would cost her about 9 percent of her overall total of $ 119,000.

Her one Democratic and two Republican opponents, meanwhile, have raised less
than $ 70,000 among them. Only $ 1,000 of that came from PACs.

Brown noted that PACs once were considered the answer to cleaning up politics.
"They are groups of people coming together, pooling their resources to make a
difference," she said. She scoffed at the Senate's ban on PAC money, citing the
rising number of millionaires in the Senate and asked, "Is that the kind of
government we want?"

While the debate about PAC limits continues, some large PACs were being
tight-fisted through the first 15 months of the election cycle, a Center for
Responsive Politics analysis shows. And, with the exception of health care,
giving by industry groups also is declining in most instances.

Donations by the Teamsters union PAC, for example, are down 45 percent from the
same period in 1992. Gaye Williams, a spokeswoman for the union, explained: "As
a result of NAFTA and other things like that, we are taking a very close look at
every request for contributions to make sure that the candidate's commitment to
working people is solid and not just talk."

Rachelle Horowitz, political director for the American Federation of Teachers
PAC, whose giving is off 42 percent, explained that the union is simply waiting
to see how members vote on the union's issues.

Paul Hallisay of the Air Line Pilots Association PAC, whose giving is down 30
percent, said the NAFTA vote "wasn't a litmus test for us. But we've been a
little reluctant to give to senators until we know what the rules are going to
be."


LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, PATTERNS IN PAC CONTRIBUTIONS; ILLUSTRATION, JOHN
MACDONALD FOR TWP

TYPE: LIST, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              993 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             June 24, 2006 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Black accused of lying about finances

BYLINE: Theresa Tedesco and Barbara Shecter, CanWest News Service

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. C5

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: TORONTO


U.S. prosecutors accused Conrad Black of "legal mumbo-jumbo" and telling "lies"
about his personal finances in what has become a nasty dispute over whether his
bail should be revoked.

In a seven-page filing late Friday, Patrick Fitzgerald, U.S. attorney for the
Northern District of Illinois, was critical of the Canadian-born former
newspaper publisher's explanation for differences between the financial audit he
submitted last December to secure his freedom and the assets the U.S. government
now alleges he controls.

"Almost everything the government has been told by Black about his financial
situation has been littered with lies, half-truths, mistakes, misunderstandings
and legal loopholes," Fitzgerald wrote. "Simply put, Black will disclose what he
wants, when he wants, and to whom he wants."

The U.S. Department of Justice was responding to a submission by Black's
lawyers, in which Black denied he made any "willful misrepresentations" about
his finances to secure bail after his indictment on charges of mail and wire
fraud, money laundering, racketeering and obstruction of justice.

However, U.S. prosecutors claim that sources have told them Black is due to
collect $5.8 million US in cash from the sale of debentures in Horizon
Publications, Inc. in the next few days and could get an additional $6 million
US from the sale of his shares in Horizon Operations Ltd., a private company he
controls with David Radler, the U.S. government's star witness in its criminal
case against Black.

In its filing Friday, the U.S. Justice Department claims Black did not disclose
the potential "windfall" in the financial affidavit he submitted under seal to
gain his freedom. U.S. prosecutors said Black portrays himself as a "pauper" and
at the same time appears to have the "Midas touch."

Fitzgerald wrote that "Black's assets mysteriously increase in value without his
knowledge, his debts diminish overnight, his business partners want to give him
millions of dollars he never even realized he was owed."

Earlier this week, the U.S. attorney's office sought an emergency motion to
revoke Black's bail unless he pledges more assets as part of his $20-million US
bail bond. They are also attempting to force Black to sell his Palm Beach, Fla.,
mansion to remedy a mortgage default. U.S. prosecutors said they are concerned
that Black defaulted on his Palm Beach mortgage and as a result, the house was
in danger of being foreclosed on by Laminar Direct Capital LP, the Texas-based
lender, or the Canada Revenue Agency, which has a lien on the property of about
$14 million Cdn.

Meanwhile, Black's lawyers have sought a 14-day extension on the mortgage to
allow him to sell his shares in Horizon Operations and use the estimated $16
million to pay off the tax lien.

Edward Greenspan, one of Black's criminal lawyers, said Friday's filing by the
U.S. government did not respond to his client's explanations but rather
introduced "another last-minute new argument."

Black's lawyers are expected to respond to the new filing on Monday, when a
hearing is scheduled in Chicago before Judge Amy St. Eve.

In its reply to Black's submission, the U.S. government denied it knew that
Black would require extensions on the Palm Beach mortgage, even though it
granted two of them.

As well, prosecutors questioned why Black would borrow money from his wife,
Barbara Amiel Black, and at the same time give her about $10 million US worth of
Horizon shares.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Getty Images Archive; Former Hollinger Inc. CEO Conrad Black will
respond through his lawyers Monday to allegations he gave false information
about his assets.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2006 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 11, 1997, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

National News Briefs;
2 in Anti-Crime Group Are Charged With Theft

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section A;  Page 20;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 184 words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND, Sept. 10


Two leaders of a Cleveland anti-crime organization have been charged with theft
after the city mistakenly deposited $617,597 into the group's bank account and
the leaders kept it, city officials said today.

The money was intended to pay a bill to a provider of electricity, the Cinergy
Corporation, but a clerical error sent the payment to the bank account of Black
on Black Crime Inc., a 15-year-old group dedicated to helping victims of
violence and their families.

"The number on the account was transposed at the treasurer's office," said Nancy
Lesic, a spokeswoman for Mayor Michael White.

The group's president, Art McKoy, and another leader, Adbul Rahim Ali Hassan,
were charged with grand theft and released on $2,500 bond on Tuesday.
Prosecutors said much of the windfall had been withdrawn and checks were written
in the names of Mr. Hassan and three others affiliated with the group.

Neither Mr. Hassan nor Mr. McKoy could be reached for comment but Mr. McKoy told
reporters outside Cuyahoga County Court on Tuesday that he had thought the money
was an anonymous donation.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              995 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      September 2, 2002 Monday 2D EDITION

Let's talk about reparations

BYLINE: Pius Kamau,

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-07

LENGTH: 738 words


Once in a while our nation is handed an opportunity to discuss  an issue of
transcendent significance, but we don't always manage  to engage each other
constructively. We today have such an  opportunity.

Even as loud voices discuss reparations for slavery, most of  them are talking
past each other. It is, however, an opportune  moment for white and black
America to discuss what it means to be  Americans.

The two races see the issue of reparations differently. To  whites it's viewed
mostly in terms of money to be paid out. The  black view, on the other hand,
emphasizes respect, equality and  due process in America and is not necessarily
limited to money  owed to descendants of slaves.

A few blacks have recently been thanking their forefathers'  captors for living
in America, but for most, no amount of money  can ever erase the ignominy, pain
and tragedy of slavery. Money is  never the currency they seek to mollify the
raw wounds of their  souls.

Rather, for most, it's an acknowledgment by white America of a  simple fact,
that: 'what some of our forefathers did was horrific.  And we're sorry. And
racial equality maybe the ideal we're all  striving towards, but it's not here,
not yet.' That's pretty much  what blacks want to hear. Why is that so hard to
comprehend?

It's unfortunate that some blacks see all whites as  oppressive. First of all,
very few whites owned slaves. In the  four hundred years in which foreigners
have been on these shores,  innumerable numbers of whites formed the Underground
Railroad as  well as many other unheralded antislavery networks.

At the end of the Civil War, the U.S. population was 31 million:  22 million in
the North and 9 million (3.5 million of them black  slaves) in the South. In the
Civil War, 620,000 whites and a few  blacks died in the attempt to free slaves
and to preserve the Union.

Countless numbers of whites have consistently espoused equality  for black
Americans. Furthermore, the majority of whites in the  United States today came
here between World War I and the present,  or are descended from those who did.

In their anger, it's important for black people to remember  this, as well as
the fact that millions of ordinary white people  have no animosity or ill will
towards them. Many quietly do great  things to better the condition of the black
race. They just don't  broadcast that fact.

That said, whites must look into their hearts and honestly  ask themselves: What
can we, as individuals and as a group, do to  improve the state of our fellow
citizens? The problem is, whenever  some rights are extended to others, the
privileged few seem to  feel they're losing power. History is full of examples
of such  power envy, including resistance to the civil rights and women's
suffrage movements.

The truth is that as we all become more equal, the whole nation  prospers.
Freedom and equality for all are the best medicines for  a sluggish economy and
a dyspeptic nation.

The majority of whites would like to see a more equal society.  But they, like
many blacks, neither vote nor care to express their  views. The few who do are
easily ignored.

For starters, changing how we fund schools as well as  reforming how we educate
our children would go a long way to  ameliorate discontent among the black
populace.

If the descendants of black slaves felt at home in America to  the degree that
Irish and Italian Americans and Jews feel at home,  there would never be calls
for reparations.

As long as black Americans continue to feel relegated to an  underclass status,
this agitation for reparations, with all its  pernicious, divisive and
destructive effects, will persist.

And the answer lies not in ignoring the matter. It won't go  away. A dialogue
must be initiated and carried on until all  Americans reach a point of
understanding that racial inequality  and bias are very real issues for many
Americans.

We must find ways to bridge whatever chasms exist between the  races and
classes. Until that happens, we should be prepared to  hear the clamor for
reparations and its accompanying accusations  of racial double standards.

Pius Kamau of Aurora is a cardiovascular, thoracic and  general-surgery
physician. He was born and raised in Kenya and  immigrated to the United States
in 1971.

LOAD-DATE: September 04, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                           November 20, 1999 Saturday
                                 FINAL Edition

NEWS AND VIEWS;
Week's end

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 514 words


Conservative radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh claims that he isn't one easily
won over by conspiracy theories. The theories become more believable, however,
if he can somehow weave in a tale about the first family.

Limbaugh proved that much on a recent broadcast doubting the sincerity of film
star Danny Glover's complaint that New York City taxicab drivers discriminate
against blacks. Glover blew a gasket after several of the infamous taxis left
him and his daughter standing in the cold.

So what does that have to do with the Clintons? Well, Limbaugh theorizes that
Glover's criticism is a sneaky plot by Big Apple Democrats to whip voters into
frenzy before the 2000 election. Limbaugh implied that the complaint was
designed to embarrass Republican Mayor Rudolph Giuliani, and to give Hillary
Clinton an edge if she enters the New York Senate race against Giuliani.

Surely, the "omnipotent" Limbaugh knows that blacks' complaints about
insensitive taxi drivers are not a new phenomenon. Besides, if anyone gained a
political advantage because of Glover's complaint then it was Mayor Giuliani. He
sent droves of black police officers and other city workers out to catch taxi
drivers bypassing blacks - and Rush nary once questioned his motives.

* It hasn't taken Sen. John Edwards very long to learn the ways of Washington.
Edwards, who was elected to the U.S. Senate in 1998, threatened to shut down the
government if Congress didn't include more money for flood relief in the final
budget agreement.

Edwards' threat wasn't taken lightly on Capitol Hill. The budget agreement
needed the unanimous support of the House and Senate to keep the government
running.

Edwards said he would hold his vote unless Congress and the White House approved
more money for the victims of Hurricane Floyd. "Sometimes you have to be tough
to get what your people need," Edwards said.

Well, the young senator's stubbornness paid off in a big way, especially for the
Tar Heel state. The White House and congressional leaders increased the amount
of money going to flood relief to $849 million - $81 million more than
previously agreed upon. A chunk of the extra money will go to North Carolina
farmers who lost crops due to the flood.

Edwards deserves much credit for standing up for North Carolina. It took true
Durham Grit, and perhaps a lesson or two from "Senator no."

* City officials in Manassas, Va., are prepared for any potential fallout from
the year 2000 computer problem, and we're not talking about software and
hardware upgrades. The city has spent $85,000 to purchase tuna and other canned
goods, along with a generator, for a shelter.

The canned goods are enough to feed 450 people for six days, city officials
estimate. If the city wakes up Jan. 1 and realizes that life will go on, city
officials already have a contingency plan: They will try to sell the leftover
food to the school district.

But Thomas DeBolt, the superintendent of the Manassas school district, said he
might not be willing to take it. "There's only so much canned chicken and tuna
that teen-agers will eat," he said.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 The Durham Herald Co.


                              997 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Public Opinion (Chambersburg, Pennsylvania)

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Reward offered in Cumberland County robberies

BYLINE: Staff report

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 351 words


CUMBERLAND COUNTY >> A reward is being offered for information leading to an
arrest in a string bank robberies.

Three bank robberies that occurred in South Middleton Township, Cumberland
County, are under investigation by the Pennsylvania State Police, Troop H,
Carlisle.

* On Thursday, February 27 at 4:18 p.m., the M&T Bank at 1 Forge Road, Boiling
Springs, was robbed by a white male wearing a dark gray hoodie, blue jeans, and
a black mask covering his face. He was also carrying a black nylon bag. He
approached the bank teller and demanded that she give him money. She placed an
undisclosed amount of money in the bag and the unknown suspect fled the scene on
foot, crossing Forge Road.

* On Friday, March 14, at 11:35 a.m., the F&M Trust Bank at 3 E. 1st St.,
Boiling Springs, was robbed by a white male wearing a black hoodie, blue jeans,
and a black mask covering his face. He was again carrying a black nylon bag. He
approached the bank teller and again demanded that she give him money. The
unknown suspect then fled the scene on foot with an undisclosed amount of money.

* On Tuesday, March 18 at 11:45 a.m., the M&T Bank at 631 Holly Pike, Mt. Holly
Springs was robbed by a white male wearing a black hoodie, blue jeans, and a
black mask covering his face. He was carrying a yellow nylon bag this time. He
approached the bank teller and again demanded that she give him money. The
unknown suspect then fled the scene on foot with an undisclosed amount of money.
While fleeing the scene, a pink dye pack was activated and exploded on the
unknown suspect.

The unknown suspect for all three bank robberies appears to be the same person.
He was described as a white male, 6'0"   6'4", having a slim- to medium-build,
and appears to be wearing the same black nylon-like mask which covers his entire
face. The unknown suspect also appeared to have a possible limp while
approaching and fleeing the banks.

If you have information on this crime, any serious crime, or wanted person, call
Pennsylvania Crime Stoppers Toll Free at 1-800-4PA-TIPS. All callers remain
anonymous and could be eligible for a reward.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Public Opinion
                              All Rights Reserved
