
                              1 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Washington: Banker Convicted of Taking More Than $1 Million in Bribes

LENGTH: 765  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Robert Moreno, a banker who sold mortgages on behalf of GMAC, admitted receiving
more than one million dollars in bribe payments while working on behalf of GMAC.
As detailed during his guilty plea, in return, Moreno used his position and
influence to ensure that his customers won their bids to purchase mortgage
notes. Moreno took the bulk of these bribe payments from San Diego businessman
Israel Hechter, who pled guilty in September and admitted paying $1,000,000 in
bribes to Moreno and others. Moreno also accepted hundreds of thousands of
dollars from another customer based in Woodland Hills, California.

Moreno initially accepted the bribes in cash and personal checks, so that he
could conceal the payments from the IRS and avoid paying taxes on the illegal
income. Several times in 2012, Hechter's father, Zeev Hechter, met Moreno in New
York City at the car wash he owned, where he delivered "laundered" cash payments
totaling $330,000. Moreno travelled around the country, including Las Vegas, New
York City, and Scottsdale, Arizona, arranging hand-to-hand cash deliveries of
the bribes from Zeev Hechter and others. He also accepted personal checks from
Israel's brother Amir Hechter and their business associate Jack Prober.

Moreno and Israel Hechter later set up a sham "Consulting Agreement" and a phony
consulting business, Phoenix Asset & Acquisition, Inc., to disguise the bribe
payments and make them look like legitimate consulting fees unrelated to
Moreno's work with GMAC. Moreno then copied this sham contract and used it with
other customers who paid him bribes, all to cover up the payments. Moreno took
in over $500,000 in bribe payments under these bogus contracts.

Israel Hechter, the owner of San Diego-based mortgage investment firms Ocean 18,
LLC, and Note Tracker Corporation, admitted as part of his guilty plea that he
paid a million dollars in bribes to Moreno and other bank insiders at J.P.
Morgan Chase Bank and National City Bank. In order to make sure that Israel
Hechter's bids were accepted, the bankers, including Moreno, corrupted the
process by altering bids, rejecting other bids, and erasing or ignoring bids
from qualified competitors. The bankers also rigged the bidding by supplying
Israel Hechter with confidential information about prices and competing bids.

The mortgages Moreno sold on behalf of GMAC were mostly non-performing or
distressed second mortgages. After purchase, Israel Hechter pooled the loans and
sold shares of the pools to investors, usually friends and family members
including Zeev Hechter, Amir Hechter, and Prober, each of whom invested in the
pools. After purchase, Ocean 18, LLC would service the loans and collect monthly
payments from the borrowers, or would initiate foreclosure proceedings when the
borrowers defaulted. The investors made money when borrowers made payments, sold
the properties, or after foreclosure and re-sale.

Moreno was arrested on July 15, 2014, for his role in the conspiracy. He entered
his guilty plea today before United States Magistrate Judge Mitchell D. Dembin.
Moreno is scheduled to be sentenced by United States District Judge Roger T.
Benitez on January 19, 2015, at 9:00 a.m.

Israel Hechter, Zeev Hechter, Amir Hechter, and Prober each pled guilty in
September to participating in the conspiracy and making hidden payments to
Moreno. They are all scheduled to be sentenced by Judge Benitez on January 5,
2014, at 9:00 a.m..

The swift resolution of these bribery and tax charges was the result of
coordinated investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Federal
Housing Finance Agency--Office of Inspector General, and Internal Revenue
Service, Criminal Investigation.

DEFENDANT PLEADING GUILTY:

Robert Moreno, 14CR2277-BEN Age: 42 Tempe, AZ

DEFENDANTS PREVIOUSLY CHARGED:

Israel Hechter, 14CR2703-BEN Age: 47 San Diego, CA Amir Hechter, 14CR2701-BEN
Age: 42 San Diego, CA Jack Prober, 14CR2704-BEN Age: 56 La Jolla, CA Zeev
Hechter, 14CR2702-BEN Age: 68 Aventura, FL

CHARGES

Conspiracy to commit bank bribery and tax evasion, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §
371. Maximum Penalties: Five years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine or twice the
pecuniary gain or loss resulting from the offense, $100 special assessment,
restitution.

AGENCIES

Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Housing Finance Agency--Office of
Inspector General Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              2 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              July 16, 2007 Monday

Harsh penalty, but not unprecedented;
China's hardly alone in executing an official for corruption

BYLINE: Nelson D. Schwartz - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 597 words


To many Westerners, the execution last week of China's former top food and drug
official after he confessed to taking bribes was an extreme reaction by the
Beijing government to growing worries about the safety of Chinese exports.

After recalls of everything from toothpaste and tires to pet food and toy
trains, China's leaders decided to make an example of Zheng Xiaoyu, 62, whose
punishment came just six weeks after he was found guilty.

Senator Charles Schumer, Democrat of New York, a leading critic of China, called
it a ''surreal response.''

But several people died from the tainted products. And China is not alone in
treating corruption as a capital offense.

For instance, Vietnam occasionally imposes the death penalty. In 2006, the
government executed Phung Long That, a former anti-smuggling investigator in Ho
Chi Minh City, for accepting bribes and helping to smuggle roughly $70 million
worth of goods.

In fact, throughout history, bribery has often been thought of as a crime that
could harm the state - thus worthy of extreme punishment.

Severe sanctions for bribe-taking have a long and bloody history. Here are a few
examples.

Plato said bribe-taking merits ''disgrace'' in his ''Laws,'' and in ancient
Athens, corrupt officials faced the loss of their citizenship and the right to
participate in the political institutions of the city-state.

Demosthenes, the great Athenian orator and political leader, was found guilty of
accepting bribes in 324 B.C. and was fined 50 talents, equivalent to roughly $20
million in today's dollars, said Michael Gagarin, a classics professor at the
University of Texas at Austin.

Demosthenes, who then went into exile, was comparatively lucky.

Other Athenian officials were executed for taking bribes. ''Bribery was taken
very seriously and certainly could lead to capital punishment,'' Gagarin said.

In the Byzantine Empire in the 11th century, corrupt officials were blinded and
castrated, according to Walter Kaegi, a history professor at the University of
Chicago. Bribe-takers were officially deported and their assets confiscated. As
for castration, Kaegi said, it tended not to be a statutory punishment but
rather the ''result of public outrage.''

In Constantinople under Emperor Justinian in the 6th century, Kaegi said, John
the Cappadocian, who supplied the emperor's army with tainted food, was publicly
flogged and then forced to become an Orthodox priest.

''That was a merciful punishment,'' Kaegi added.

Bribe-takers in early America did not have to worry about the pillory or
whipping post, classic punishments in Puritan New England.

Instead, they faced a choice of jail or paying a fine. Most chose the latter,
says David Konig, professor of history and law at Washington University in St.
Louis. ''Prison wasn't any fun then,'' says Konig.

''And you had to pay for your own food.''

Although the Twelve Tables, an early legal code in the Roman Republic, imposed
the death penalty on judges who accepted bribes, enforcement grew lenient after
the rise of the Roman Empire. Richard Saller, a history professor at Stanford,
said that Rome ''had a real problem trying to define what qualified as a bribe
and what was a friendship gift. There was a pretty broad range of quid pro
quos.''

Emperor Tiberius sought to curb rapacious local governors from extorting tax
payments from subjects but still left local officials plenty of room to obtain
gratuities.

Tiberius said he wanted his ''sheep shorn, not flayed,'' meaning that while
citizens might have to keep paying, local rulers shouldn't be excessively greedy
when demanding payments.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              3 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Two Defendants Sentenced in Texas for Conspiring to Bribe Military Contracting
Officials

LENGTH: 618  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Two defendants were sentenced today in the Northern District of Texas for
conspiring to bribe public officials in Afghanistan and Texas in furtherance of
an ongoing effort to secure government contracts through graft, U.S. Attorney
Benjamin B. Wagner and U.S. Attorney Sarah R. Saldaña of the Northern District
of Texas announced.

United States District Judge Barbara M.G. Lynn in the Northern District of Texas
sentenced Lida Amin, 40, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Dublin, California,
and Sohail Amin, 30, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Fremont, California, to
three years and six months in prison. Judge Lynn ordered Lida Amin's sentence to
be served consecutively to a previous sentence for a total of five and a half
years in prison.

On October 22, 2013, a federal grand jury in the Northern District of Texas
indicted Lida Amin, Sohail Amin, and Jeron Shelton Rochon, 32, of Houston,
Texas, charging them with conspiracy to bribe public officials. On June 17,
2014, Lida Amin and Sohail Amin pleaded guilty, but the charges against Rochon
remain pending. The charges against Rochon are only allegations; he is presumed
innocent until proven guilty.

According to court documents, between 2007 and 2010, Sohail Amin and Lida Amin,
both private government contractors, conspired with Rochon, a member of the U.S.
Air Force, and others to bribe U.S. Air Force contracting officers in order to
obtain military procurement contracts. Between October 2007 and June 2008, in
exchange for bribe offers and bribe payments made by Sohail Amin, Rochon issued
government contracts and provided contract bid coaching to Sohail Amin and Lida
Amin. Sohail Amin paid bribes to Rochon in cash in both Afghanistan and Dallas,
Texas, and instructed Rochon not to deposit large sums of money into the banking
system to avoid the reporting of such deposits by banks. According to court
documents, the U.S. Air Force paid nearly $1 million for defective M-16 cleaning
kits and a security fence that fell down shortly after it was installed.

In sentencing the defendants, Judge Lyn described the crime as sordid, shameful,
and disgusting. She said, "In the court's view, the bad here is really bad. This
is a very serious offense.

Lida Amin was ordered to report to begin serving her sentence in December 5,
2014. Sohail was ordered to report to begin serving his sentence on January 13,
2015.

This case was filed in Texas with the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office
for the Northern District of Texas. Lida Amin and her brother Nabil Amin have
also been charged in a separate federal criminal case in Sacramento, which
relates to similar charges. Lida Amin previously entered a guilty plea in the
Sacramento case and was sentenced on September 24, 2014, to a two-year term of
imprisonment. Nabil Amin's case is currently scheduled for a status conference
on December 10, 2014. The charges against him are pending and are only
allegations. He is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The charges filed in the Eastern District of California and the Northern
District of Texas are the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation; the U.S. Air Force, Office of Special Investigations; the Fremont
Police Department; and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. Assistance was
provided by the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of International Affairs; and
the Czech National Police. Assistant United States Attorney Michael M. Beckwith
is prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              4 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 15, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bribes And Punishment

BYLINE: By NELSON D. SCHWARTZ

SECTION: Section WK; Column 0; Week in Review Desk; IDEAS & TRENDS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 623 words


TO many Americans, the execution last week of China's former top food and drug
official after he confessed to taking bribes was an extreme  reaction by the
Beijing government to growing worries about the safety of Chinese exports.

After  recalls of everything from toothpaste and tires to pet food and toy
trains, China's leaders decided to make an example of Zheng Xiaoyu, 62, whose
punishment came just six weeks after he was found guilty. Indeed, Senator
Charles Schumer of New York, a leading critic of China, called it a ''surreal
response.''

But several people died from the tainted products. And China is not alone in
treating corruption as a capital offense.

For instance, Vietnam occasionally imposes the death penalty. In 2006, the
government executed Phung Long That, a former anti-smuggling investigator in Ho
Chi Minh City, for accepting bribes and helping to smuggle roughly $70 million
worth of goods.

In fact, throughout history, bribery has often been thought of as a crime that
could harm the state -- thus worthy of extreme punishment. Severe sanctions for
bribe-taking have a long and bloody history.  Here are a few examples.

STRIPPED OF CITIZENSHIP

Plato said bribe-taking merits ''disgrace'' in his ''Laws,'' and in ancient
Athens, corrupt officials faced the loss of their citizenship and the right to
participate in the political institutions of the city-state.

Demosthenes, the great Athenian orator and political leader, was found guilty of
accepting bribes in 324 B.C. and was fined 50 talents, equivalent to roughly $20
million in today's dollars, says Michael Gagarin, a classics professor at the
University of Texas at Austin.

Demosthenes, who then went into exile, was comparatively lucky. Other Athenian
officials were executed for taking bribes. ''Bribery was taken very seriously
and certainly could lead to capital punishment,'' Mr. Gagarin says.

A POKE IN THE EYE

In Byzantium in the 11th century, corrupt officials were blinded and castrated,
according to Walter Kaegi, a history professor at the University of Chicago.
Besides being blinded and flogged, bribe takers were deported and their assets
confiscated. As for castration, Mr. Kaegi says, it tended not to be a statutory
punishment but rather the ''result of public outrage.''

FIND RELIGION

In Constantinople under Emperor Justinian, Mr. Kaegi says, John the Cappadocian,
who supplied the emperor's army with tainted food, was publicly flogged and then
forced to become an Orthodox priest.

''That was a merciful punishment,'' Mr. Kaegi adds.

A FINE AND PAYING FOR MEALS

Bribe-takers in early America didn't have to worry about the pillory or
whipping-post, classic punishments in Puritan New England. Instead, they faced a
choice of jail or paying a fine. Most chose the latter, says David Konig,
professor of history and law at Washington University in St. Louis. ''Prison
wasn't any fun then,'' says Mr. Konig. ''And you had to pay for your own food.''

THE LENIENT APPROACH

Although the Twelve Tables, an early legal code in the Roman Republic, imposed
the death penalty on judges who accepted bribes, enforcement grew lenient after
the rise of the Roman Empire. Richard Saller, a history professor at Stanford,
says Rome ''had a real problem trying to define what qualified as a bribe and
what was a friendship gift. There was a pretty broad range of quid pro quos.''

Emperor Tiberias sought to curb rapacious local governors from extorting tax
payments from subjects but still left local officials plenty of room to obtain
gratuities. Tiberias said he wanted his ''sheep shorn, not flayed,'' meaning
that while citizens might have to keep paying, local rulers shouldn't be
excessively greedy when demanding payments.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: (Drawing by Jennifer Daniel)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              5 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Arizona: Two Defendants Sentenced in Texas for Conspiring to Bribe Military
Contracting Officials

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:


SACRAMENTO, CA--Two defendants were sentenced today in the Northern District of
Texas for conspiring to bribe public officials in Afghanistan and Texas in
furtherance of an ongoing effort to secure government contracts through graft,
Benjamin B. Wagner, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of California, and
Sarah R. Saldaña, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Texas, announced.

United States District Judge Barbara M.G. Lynn in the Northern District of Texas
sentenced Lida Amin, 40, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Dublin, California,
and Sohail Amin, 30, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Fremont, California, to
three years and six months in prison. Judge Lynn ordered Lida Amin's sentence to
be served consecutively to a previous sentence for a total of five and a half
years in prison.

On October 22, 2013, a federal grand jury in the Northern District of Texas
indicted Lida Amin, Sohail Amin, and Jeron Shelton Rochon, 32, of Houston,
Texas, charging them with conspiracy to bribe public officials. On June 17,
2014, Lida Amin and Sohail Amin pleaded guilty, but the charges against Rochon
remain pending. The charges against Rochon are only allegations; he is presumed
innocent until proven guilty.

According to court documents, between 2007 and 2010, Sohail Amin and Lida Amin,
both private government contractors, conspired with Rochon, a member of the U.S.
Air Force, and others to bribe U.S. Air Force contracting officers in order to
obtain military procurement contracts. Between October 2007 and June 2008, in
exchange for bribe offers and bribe payments made by Sohail Amin, Rochon issued
government contracts and provided contract bid coaching to Sohail Amin and Lida
Amin. Sohail Amin paid bribes to Rochon in cash in both Afghanistan and Dallas,
Texas, and instructed Rochon not to deposit large sums of money into the banking
system to avoid the reporting of such deposits by banks. According to court
documents, the U.S. Air Force paid nearly $1 million for defective M-16 cleaning
kits and a security fence that fell down shortly after it was installed.

This case was filed in Texas with the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office
for the Northern District of Texas. Lida Amin and her brother Nabil Amin have
also been charged in a separate federal criminal case in Sacramento, which
relates to similar charges. Lida Amin previously entered a guilty plea in the
Sacramento case and was sentenced on September 24, 2014, to a two-year term of
imprisonment. Nabil Amin's case is currently scheduled for a status conference
on December 10, 2014. The charges against him are pending and are only
allegations. He is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The charges filed in the Eastern District of California and the Northern
District of Texas are the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation; the U.S. Air Force, Office of Special Investigations; the Fremont
Police Department; and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. Assistance was
provided by the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of International Affairs; and
the Czech National Police. Assistant United States Attorney Michael M. Beckwith
is prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              6 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                             March 3, 2016 Thursday

Bribe-o-nomics: the dirty game of corruption

LENGTH: 519  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


New Delhi, March 3 -- It's the same old heartburn about corruption in
government, but the Economic Survey, released last week, takes a slightly
different tack. It believes that the clamour over excessive corruption has gone
too far and has had a "chilling effect" on honest bureaucrats, freezing them
from taking any decision for fear of being branded "corrupt" in hindsight.


 An amendment to the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988, to shield bona fide
decision-making from "criminal misconduct".
 Yes and no. Sometimes well-intentioned laws can have unforeseen consequences.
Here, as the Survey notes, "draconian legal provisions... seem to be resulting
in decision-taking with fear." The Survey wants to grease the tracks of
decision-making, not grease the palms of civil servants.
 It will, and that's not always a bad thing. Contrary to the shrill discourse
that characterises debates on corruption, the issue isn't all black-and-white.
In fact, this isn't even the most controversial policy idea on corruption that
has emerged from the Finance Ministry. Remember Kaushik Basu's recommendation to
declare the act of giving a bribe legal?
 Again, it's a nuanced point, and Basu, who was Chief Economic Adviser under
Manmohan Singh, intended it only in instances of "harassment bribes" - where
individuals or corporations are asked by officials to pay bribes for something
to which they have legal entitlement.
 Basu argued that under the current law, once a bribe has been paid, the
interests of the bribe giver and the taker become fully aligned. If the criminal
act gets exposed, both will be in trouble, and so they collude to keep the act
of bribery hidden.
 But if bribe-giving was made legal, as Basu suggested, the interests of the two
parties - the bribe-giver and the taker - diverge after a bribe is given. The
bribe-giver will no longer be compelled to keep his end of the "secret" as he
would be immune from the charge of criminality. And knowing that the bribe-giver
could then blow the whistle, the bribe-taker would be a lot more inhibited about
asking for a bribe in the first place. Over time, the incidence of bribery would
drop sharply, Basu argued.
 Actually, Basu's argument is rooted in game theory, a strand of behavioural
economics pioneered by mathematician John Nash.
 That's right. The theory is called subgame perfect equilibrium, which is a
complex idea that builds scenarios in situations of complicated interactions
between individuals. But in this case, Basu felt it was rather more
commonsensical.
 Nothing. Basu's idea was erroneously portrayed as an alibi for corruption. That
effectively buried it.
 Economists are always spinning out game theory scenarios to check corruption,
without much success, though. In 2014, Jim Greer, a Silicon Valley entrepreneur,
applied game theory to try and cleanse electoral politics in the US - with some
success at the local level. But it didn't gain wider traction.
 Going by precedent, nothing. That's not a cynical view; it's just that
rationality has very little elbow room in politics today.
 A weekly column that helps you ask the right questions

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                              7 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

Washington: Two Defendants Sentenced in Texas for Conspiring to Bribe Military
Contracting Officials

LENGTH: 565  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Two defendants were sentenced today in the Northern District of Texas for
conspiring to bribe public officials in Afghanistan and Texas in furtherance of
an ongoing effort to secure government contracts through graft, Benjamin B.
Wagner, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of California, and Sarah R.
Saldaña, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Texas, announced.

United States District Judge Barbara M.G. Lynn in the Northern District of Texas
sentenced Lida Amin, 40, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Dublin, California,
and Sohail Amin, 30, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Fremont, California, to
three years and six months in prison. Judge Lynn ordered Lida Amin's sentence to
be served consecutively to a previous sentence for a total of five and a half
years in prison.

On October 22, 2013, a federal grand jury in the Northern District of Texas
indicted Lida Amin, Sohail Amin, and Jeron Shelton Rochon, 32, of Houston,
Texas, charging them with conspiracy to bribe public officials. On June 17,
2014, Lida Amin and Sohail Amin pleaded guilty, but the charges against Rochon
remain pending. The charges against Rochon are only allegations; he is presumed
innocent until proven guilty.

According to court documents, between 2007 and 2010, Sohail Amin and Lida Amin,
both private government contractors, conspired with Rochon, a member of the U.S.
Air Force, and others to bribe U.S. Air Force contracting officers in order to
obtain military procurement contracts. Between October 2007 and June 2008, in
exchange for bribe offers and bribe payments made by Sohail Amin, Rochon issued
government contracts and provided contract bid coaching to Sohail Amin and Lida
Amin. Sohail Amin paid bribes to Rochon in cash in both Afghanistan and Dallas,
Texas, and instructed Rochon not to deposit large sums of money into the banking
system to avoid the reporting of such deposits by banks. According to court
documents, the U.S. Air Force paid nearly $1 million for defective M-16 cleaning
kits and a security fence that fell down shortly after it was installed.

This case was filed in Texas with the assistance of the U.S. Attorney's Office
for the Northern District of Texas. Lida Amin and her brother Nabil Amin have
also been charged in a separate federal criminal case in Sacramento, which
relates to similar charges. Lida Amin previously entered a guilty plea in the
Sacramento case and was sentenced on September 24, 2014, to a two-year term of
imprisonment. Nabil Amin's case is currently scheduled for a status conference
on December 10, 2014. The charges against him are pending and are only
allegations. He is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The charges filed in the Eastern District of California and the Northern
District of Texas are the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation; the U.S. Air Force, Office of Special Investigations; the Fremont
Police Department; and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration. Assistance was
provided by the U.S. Department of Justice, Office of International Affairs; and
the Czech National Police. Assistant United States Attorney Michael M. Beckwith
is prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              8 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 20, 2011 Monday

Former Weslaco school trustee admits he took bribes

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 313 words


June 20--A former Weslaco school trustee pleaded guilty Monday to soliciting a
bribe from a contractor to influence awarding a renovation contract in 2006.

Joe Marines, 55, entered the guilty plea to violating the Hobbs Act after he met
with an FBI informant who was soliciting a contract on a renovation project at
Roosevelt Elementary School.

Marines admitted he received a $500 bribe from the informant in August 2006 to
influence the board in awarding a subcontracting job on the project. He accepted
a $1,000 bribe from the contractor later that month.

No other current or former Weslaco school trustees have been named in the case.
Weslaco schools Superintendent Richard Rivera has said he knew nothing of the
case before charges were filed against Marines in May.

The bribes came as trustees approved renovations at the elementary school that
upgraded classrooms and added additional space to the building.

Marines' lawyer, Fernando Saenz, could not immediately be reached for comment
Monday afternoon. Saenz, who also serves as the school district's attorney, was
privately retained by Marines.

Marines is currently employed as a payroll supervisor for the Donna school
district. Donna Superintendant Roberto Loredo was not available for comment
Monday afternoon.

Sentencing for Marines is set for Sept. 6 in federal court in Houston.

Violating the Hobbs Act carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in federal prison
and up to a $250,000 fine.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at (956) 683-4439.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110620-MC-Former-Weslaco-school-trustee-admits-he-took-bribes
-0620-20110620

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2011 The Monitor


                              9 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 13, 1996, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

4 Indicted in Stock Bribe Case Involving Firm Set Up by F.B.I.

BYLINE: By FLOYD NORRIS

SECTION: Section D;   Page 7;   Column 1;   Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 316 words


The first indictments were returned yesterday against stock promoters who were
arrested last month in an F.B.I. sting intended to catch people who were willing
to bribe stockbrokers.

Indictments were handed up by a Federal grand jury in Manhattan against four of
the 46 people whose arrests were ordered as a result of the operation. A fifth
defendant, Cary Cimino, 36, of New York, was informed that the charge against
him had been dismissed.

Charges against the 41 others arrested are still pending, officials said.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation, working with investigators from the
National Association of Securities Dealers and the Securities and Exchange
Commission, had set up a brokerage house and let it be known that the two
brokers employed by the firm had wealthy clients whose money they controlled.
The F.B.I. told promoters that they would be willing to buy risky stocks if
bribes were paid to the brokers, and many promoters were quite willing to do so,
officials said last month.

Roland Acevedo, 48, of New York, was charged with conspiracy to commit wire
fraud, in connection with a bribe to buy shares of LBU Inc. of Carlstadt, N.J.

Richard Cedrone, 33, of Del Ray Beach, Fla., was charged with wire fraud in
connection with a bribe to induce the purchase of Rose International Inc. of
Tulsa, Okla.

Joseph Pignatiello, 50, of Coral Springs, Fla., was charged with conspiracy to
commit wire fraud. He was accused of participation in a scheme to pay bribes to
induce the purchase of shares in Spaceplex Amusement Centers, which has since
been renamed Air Energy Inc., of Great Neck, L.I.

Alexander Ruge, a Canadian citizen whose age and address were not given, was
charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud, in connection with a bribe to buy
the stock of International Investment Group, since renamed Intermedia Net, of
Garden City, L.I.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              10 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 26, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

DEPOSITION CONNECTS VASQUEZ TO BRIBE OFFER

BYLINE: By STEVEN CRIST

SECTION: Section A; Page 19, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1242 words


A former New York-based trainer has identified Jacinto Vasquez, a leading rider
who has twice won the Kentucky Derby, as the man who offered the jockey Mike
Hole a $5,000 bribe to hold back a horse at Saratoga in 1974, according to a
deposition given to the State Racing and Wagering Board.

The deposition was given a month ago by John Sexton, a former agent for the
Thoroughbred Racing Protective Bureau, the security arm of the nation's
thoroughbred industry. It was read into the record yesterday, the second day of
the racing board's hearings at the World Trade Center on alleged corruption at
New York tracks in the mid-1970's. This was part of an effort by the board's
prosecutor to attack the claims of Anthony Ciulla that it was he who
masterminded the fixing of races at Saratoga and Aqueduct in 1974 and 1975.

Vasquez and 10 other riders had been accused, in last year's racketeering trial
of Con Errico, of having received bribes to fix races. But yesterday's
development marked the first time that any of these jockeys had been publicly
tied to the offering of a bribe to a fellow jockey.

In his deposition, Sexton said that a year ago he spoke with John Cotter, who
trained the horse that, Cotter has said, Hole was offered a bribe to hold back.
According to the account that Sexton says was given him by the trainer, Hole
told Cotter about the bribe offer in the Saratoga paddock shortly before the
race in question and then was asked by Cotter who had proferred the bribe.
''Hole pointed to Jacinto Vasquez,'' Sexton's deposition quotes Cotter as
saying.

John Clark, special counsel to the board, said later yesterday that Vasquez,
under questioning by the board, had repeatedly denied offering a bribe. Mr.
Clark said Cotter and Vasquez would be called to testify when the hearings
resume Wednesday.

Hole died of asphyxiation in an automobile in 1976, apparently in a suicide.
Vasquez won the Kentucky Derby aboard Foolish Pleasure in 1975 and Genuine Risk
last year.  Shortly after the deposition tying him to a bribery attempt had been
disclosed yesterday, John Patten, the board's prosecutor, read into the record a
summary of assertions by Mr. Ciulla that caused a sensation when they were
published by Sports Illustrated magazine in November 1978. Along with this
summary, Mr. Patten provided his analysis of Mr. Ciulla's accuracy.

The prosecutor said Mr. Ciulla had taken responsibility for attempting to bribe
Hole, one of many statements Mr. Ciulla has made that, Mr. Patten said, either
have been contradicted by the board's findings or cannot be corroborated.

Cooperated at Trials

Mr. Ciulla's cooperation with the Federal Government in testifying at
race-fixing trials in Massachusetts, Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Michigan has
led to 62 indictments, which have resulted in 23 convictions after trials and
guilty pleas by 16 defendants. Mr.  Patten said he believed Mr. Ciulla's
statements concerning those jurisdictions, ''but not in New York.''

He declined to speculate as to what Mr. Ciulla's motives might have been for
lying about his involvement in New York. But sources on the board said their
theory was that Mr. Ciulla had fabricated incidents concerning New York because
the jockeys involved here are nationally prominent, making Ciulla's story more
sensational and salable. Mr.  Ciulla has testified, at a race-fixing trial in
Boston, that Sports Illustrated paid him $10,000 for information that appeared
in the magazine's article.

Gil Rogin, managing editor of the magazine, said yesterday that ''we stand by
the story.'' ''It was checked according to our most rigorous standards,'' said
Mr. Rogin, who added that he was not in his current position when the article
was published and that he was not aware of Mr. Patten's attacking Ciulla's
credibility.

Ciulla Charges Cover-up

Mr. Ciulla said in a telephone interview yesterday that any assertion that
Vasquez's alleged bribery attempt diminished his credibility was ridiculous. Mr.
Ciulla is under the protection of Federal agents as a result of his cooperation
with the Government.

''I tried to bribe Hole twice,'' Mr. Ciulla said, ''and he refused. A lot of
other people probably tried too.'' Informed of yesterday's proceedings, Mr.
Ciulla accused the board and the New York racing industry of engaging in ''a
massive coverup.''

''They want this whole thing to go away,'' he said. ''But I'll be proved right.
They try to say I was lying, but why is it that everything I've ever said has,
little by little, been corroborated independently?''

In another attack on Mr. Ciulla at yesterday's hearing, Mr. Patten disclosed the
results of a board investigation that he said was undertaken the day after the
Sports Illustrated article was published. Mr. Ciulla was quoted in the article
as saying that he fixed a race at Aqueduct April 7, 1975, and that his runners
had cashed ''about $200,000'' worth of trifecta tickets on the winning
combination.

Mr. Patten said the board's investigation showed that no individual had held
more than 10 winning tickets, each of which paid $632.  Because of a Federal law
that, for tax purposes, requires the track to ascertain the name, address and
Social Security number of any bettor who cashes a ticket at odds of greater than
300-1, each holder of a winning ticket on the race Mr. Ciulla claimed to have
fixed would have had to sign a Treasury Department Form 1099.

Investigator Gives Testimony

A board investigator, Daniel Goldberg, testified yesterday that the board was
able to identify all of those who cashed bets and had interviewed each bettor
who cashed four or more tickets. He said that this process revealed that none of
the winners was in any way associated with Mr. Ciulla.

Mr. Goldberg testified that there were 311 winning tickets sold that day at the
track, and 206 of them were held by bettors with only one combination each.
Therefore, he said, Mr. Ciulla would have had to employ ''a small army'' of at
least 100 people to place the bets and cash the tickets. Mr. Ciulla, he said,
would have needed to hold ''almost every winning ticket sold on the race.''

Mr. Ciulla said yesterday afternoon that he stood by his claim of having fixed
the April 7 race. ''Every time I fixed races I would use lots of guys to cash
the tickets,'' he said.

Mr. Ciulla's refusal to testify at the hearings was the subject of statements
read into the record by Mr. Clark and Mr. Patten. Mr.  Clark said he and Mr.
Patten visited Mr. Ciulla's attorney, Edward T. McErlean, in Media, Pa., on
April 1. He said that Mr. McErlean had said that Mr. Ciulla might be willing to
testify if he were paid $100,000. They said they refused the offer and left Mr.
McErlean with a subpoena for Mr. Ciulla. Mr. McErlean returned it to them two
days later, claiming that he did not know Mr. Ciulla's address and reminding
them that the board had no subpoena power outside New York State.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                              11 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 25, 1991, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. probes possible BCCI bribes

BYLINE: Sam Vincent Meddis

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 317 words


The Justice Department is investigating claims the scandal-ridden Bank of Credit
and Commerce International spent millions of dollars to bribe U.S. officials in
Washington.

''It's fair to say we are investigating'' bribery as part of a ''wide- ranging''
probe of BCCI, Assistant U.S. Attorney General Robert Mueller told USA TODAY on
Wednesday:

- Among those suspected of being targeted for bribes are members of Congress and
congressional officials.

- Former U.S. Senate investigator Jack Blum says a BCCI ex-employee recently
told him the bank brought ''millions of dollars'' in bribe money to distribute
in Washington.

- Some officials think bribes may have been in the form of real estate. And
there are reports that witnesses have voiced fear for their lives.

BCCI, a Luxembourg-based bank seized by British officials July 5, is being
portrayed by officials as the world's most corrupt financial institution, whose
secret business goal was to launder money, defraud customers and finance
terrorism.

Referring to reports of CIA links to BCCI, Mueller says he's seen no evidence
the agency was involved in ''illegal activities'' by the bank.

Time magazine reported this week BCCI maintained a ''black network'' of agents
and employees over the past decade involved in criminal activities - from arms
smuggling and financing drug deals to political corruption and extortion.

''What we have to do is separate the wheat from the chaff,'' Mueller says. ''But
any credible allegation has been and will be pursued.''

The federal probe also is believed to focus on BCCI's relationship with the
Washington-based First American Bank, and fraud allegations.

The House Banking Committee said Wednesday it will hold hearings Sept. 11 on
BCCI's acquisition of First American.

The investigative team includes 10 prosecutors, and about 20 investigators in
Washington, Atlanta, Tampa, Miami.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1991 Gannett Company Inc.


                              12 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: New York Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test Referrals Scheme with
New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with a New York practice admitted today to accepting more than $100,000
in exchange for test referrals as part of a massive bribery scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS) of Parsippany, New Jersey, its
president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Peter Deplas, 47, of Glen Head, New York, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Deplas admitted he accepted bribes through a sham lease agreement of $5,000 per
month, as well as additional monthly cash payments of as much as $7,000. Over
the course of 17 months, Deplas accepted approximately $120,500 in bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received more
than $900,000. Deplas admitted he even ordered unnecessary test for his patients
in order to justify BLS bribe payments. BLS salesman Cliff Antell negotiated the
bribe arrangement with Deplas and paid him the cash, while BLS salesman Craig
Nordman wrote the bribe checks pursuant to the sham lease agreement. Antell and
Nordman pleaded guilty to their involvement in the scheme on June 10, 2013.

The bribery count to which Deplas pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
Oct. 29, 2014. As part of his guilty plea, Deplas agreed to forfeit $120,500,
representing the bribes he received from BLS.

Including Deplas, 29 people--including 18 physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has recovered more than $7 million to date through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $535 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Labor union member from Middletown admits to helping accept bribes

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Monmouth County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

A Middletown man has admitted to helping an official in his union accept bribes
in return for granting memberships.

Christopher Lupino, 51, pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court on Tuesday to
one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, according to Manhattan U.S.
Attorney Preet Bharara.

Lupino, a member of Steamfitters local 638, was one of three labor union members
who admitted to helping an official accept bribes in return for membership in
the New York City-based union, Bharara's office said in a press release.

Lupino, along with Adam Foresta, arranged for Foresta to meet with a person, who
turned out to be a cooperating witness, to collect bribes from two people
seeking union membership, the release said.

Lupino told the cooperating witness to bring $70,000 in cash and another $10,000
in check or money order form as the union application fees, authorities said.

The investigation started in December 2013 when a person who has not been
identified told the cooperating witness about being offered a union membership
in exchange for a $35,000 bribe, authorities said. That person asked the
cooperating witness for help paying the bribe, according to the complaint.

In the following months, the FBI secretly recorded conversations that Lupino,
Foresta and a third defendant, Kelwyn Benjamin, had with that applicant and
another applicant discussing the bribes, authorities said.

On Nov. 3, Lupino and Foresta arranged the meeting for Foresta to pick up the
bribes from the cooperating witness, the release said.

Foresta, of Staten Island, and Benjamin, of New York, also pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit wire fraud before U.S. District Judge William H. Pauley III
in Manhattan, Bharara said.

All three men, who face up to 20 years in prison, are scheduled to be sentenced
on July 31.

A fourth person, union organizer James Sheeran, is scheduled for trial on
charges of accepting bribes as part of his responsibility of membership
recruitment, Bharara said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Labor union member from Middletown admits to helping accept bribes

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Monmouth County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

A Middletown man has admitted to helping an official in his union accept bribes
in return for granting memberships.

Christopher Lupino, 51, pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court on Tuesday to
one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, according to Manhattan U.S.
Attorney Preet Bharara.

Lupino, a member of Steamfitters local 638, was one of three labor union members
who admitted to helping an official accept bribes in return for membership in
the New York City-based union, Bharara's office said in a press release.

Lupino, along with Adam Foresta, arranged for Foresta to meet with a person, who
turned out to be a cooperating witness, to collect bribes from two people
seeking union membership, the release said.

Lupino told the cooperating witness to bring $70,000 in cash and another $10,000
in check or money order form as the union application fees, authorities said.

The investigation started in December 2013 when a person who has not been
identified told the cooperating witness about being offered a union membership
in exchange for a $35,000 bribe, authorities said. That person asked the
cooperating witness for help paying the bribe, according to the complaint.

In the following months, the FBI secretly recorded conversations that Lupino,
Foresta and a third defendant, Kelwyn Benjamin, had with that applicant and
another applicant discussing the bribes, authorities said.

On Nov. 3, Lupino and Foresta arranged the meeting for Foresta to pick up the
bribes from the cooperating witness, the release said.

Foresta, of Staten Island, and Benjamin, of New York, also pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit wire fraud before U.S. District Judge William H. Pauley III
in Manhattan, Bharara said.

All three men, who face up to 20 years in prison, are scheduled to be sentenced
on July 31.

A fourth person, union organizer James Sheeran, is scheduled for trial on
charges of accepting bribes as part of his responsibility of membership
recruitment, Bharara said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

New Jersey: Labor union member from Middletown admits to helping accept bribes

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Monmouth County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

A Middletown man has admitted to helping an official in his union accept bribes
in return for granting memberships.

Christopher Lupino, 51, pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court on Tuesday to
one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud, according to Manhattan U.S.
Attorney Preet Bharara.

Lupino, a member of Steamfitters local 638, was one of three labor union members
who admitted to helping an official accept bribes in return for membership in
the New York City-based union, Bharara's office said in a press release.

Lupino, along with Adam Foresta, arranged for Foresta to meet with a person, who
turned out to be a cooperating witness, to collect bribes from two people
seeking union membership, the release said.

Lupino told the cooperating witness to bring $70,000 in cash and another $10,000
in check or money order form as the union application fees, authorities said.

The investigation started in December 2013 when a person who has not been
identified told the cooperating witness about being offered a union membership
in exchange for a $35,000 bribe, authorities said. That person asked the
cooperating witness for help paying the bribe, according to the complaint.

In the following months, the FBI secretly recorded conversations that Lupino,
Foresta and a third defendant, Kelwyn Benjamin, had with that applicant and
another applicant discussing the bribes, authorities said.

On Nov. 3, Lupino and Foresta arranged the meeting for Foresta to pick up the
bribes from the cooperating witness, the release said.

Foresta, of Staten Island, and Benjamin, of New York, also pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit wire fraud before U.S. District Judge William H. Pauley III
in Manhattan, Bharara said.

All three men, who face up to 20 years in prison, are scheduled to be sentenced
on July 31.

A fourth person, union organizer James Sheeran, is scheduled for trial on
charges of accepting bribes as part of his responsibility of membership
recruitment, Bharara said.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Daily National Herald Tribune

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

FIFA agent's confession threatens to drag down others

LENGTH: 630 words

DATELINE: New York


New York, March 10 -- A former FIFA match agent's confession that he helped pay
big bribes to football officials in Central America and the Caribbean promises
to fan the flames of the scandal rocking the game's beleaguered world body.
Miguel Trujillo, a 65-year-old Colombian resident in the US, on Tuesday pleaded
guilty in a New York federal court to four counts of money laundering, wire
fraud and a falsified tax return. He also dropped detailed bombshells against
the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football
(CONCACAF), that - while not naming names - could challenge the not-guilty pleas
entered by CONCACAF current and former officials and others indicted. The United
States last year accused senior FIFA members and associated figures - most from
Latin America - of massive corruption using, among other nefarious means, wire
fraud and money laundering.

Many have been hauled before US courts but only a handful have entered guilty
pleas. Some of those indicted are on bail or under house arrest pending trial,
while others have yet to be arrested or extradited. Bribes for media rights
Trujillo, a football consultant and FIFA-licensed match agent, worked with Media
World and Traffic Sports USA, two events management companies implicated in
securing lucrative broadcast and marketing contracts through bribes to FIFA
officials. Match agents arrange games between teams belonging to different
confederations. Trujillo said that, between 2008 and 2015, bribes were paid to
officials in three federations belonging to the Central American Football Union
(UNCAF) to obtain marketing rights for qualifying games for the World Cups in
Brazil in 2014, Russia in 2018 and Qatar in 2022. According to his testimony,
which AFP had access to on Wednesday, Trujillo said: "I agreed that Media World
would pay, and helped Media World to pay, hundreds of thousands of dollars in
bribes to highranking officials at these federations." He said Media World then
sold on the rights to Traffic Sports USA, an example of how the far-reaching
graft dragged in businesses and shadowy figures across international boundaries.
Trujillo described how the bribe money transited through accounts in Panama and
Miami. He also spoke of "tens of thousands of dollars in bribes to highranking
officials of various soccer federations, including officials of two different
UNCAF federations". Those words could see him drag down officials with him.
Argentina connection The Colombian also said that he had been a go-between for
Argentine sports marketing companies and CONCACAF, and helped bribe officials in
that latter organization to win rights for events such as the CONCACAF Gold Cup.
Again without identifying individuals, Trujillo recounted trips to Argentina and
Uruguay, and meetings between the companies and CONCACAF officials in which
bribes also amounting to "hundreds of thousands of dollars" were paid. "The
Argentines did in fact pay these bribes to the officials by wiring funds from a
bank account they controlled in Switzerland to the Panamanian bank account of a
company I controlled," he said in his stinging testimony. Three Argentine
businessmen in charge of the implicated companies - Torneos, Competencias and
Full Company - are among those indicted in the wideranging scandal that has
shocked football and threatened to bring FIFA to its knees. One of the
businessmen, Alejandro Burzaco, in November pleaded guilty and had $21 million
seized. The two others, brothers Hugo and Mariano Jinkis, are under house arrest
in Argentina.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily National Herald Tribune .
For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 National Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

South Africa won World Cup by paying biggest bribe, admits Fifa

BYLINE: Martyn Ziegler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 600 words


South Africa paid £7 million to bribe some of Fifa's most senior officials for
the right to host the 2010 World Cup, the football body admitted yesterday.

A legal submission to a New York court stated that South African officials
"offered a more attractive bribe" than its only rivals Morocco to three senior
Fifa executives for their votes in the 2004 election. South Africa won the vote
14-10.

Fifa's legal document added: "It is now apparent that multiple members of Fifa's
executive committee abused their positions and sold their votes on multiple
occasions."

Bribes were also paid by Morocco when it was bidding for the 1998 tournament
which eventually was held in France.

The legal notice is part of a Fifa claim for a pot of more than £135million that
has been forfeited to the US courts by some of the 41 officials who have been
indicted for corruption.

The submission names Jack Warner from Trinidad and the USA's Chuck Blazer as
having received the bribes from South Africa. The third was understood to be
Costa Rica's Isaac Sasso Sasso, who died in 2011. Clive Efford, Labour's shadow
sports minister, said that the admission provided further reason to view the
voting process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, awarded to Russia and Qatar
respectively in 2010, with suspicion. Fifa has said there is no evi-dence to
justify re-running the vote. "It would be extraordinary for all of this
corruption to be emerging, but the only two things that stand apart from that
corruption are the bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups," Mr Efford said.

The South African bribe was also significant because it was channelled through a
Fifa account.

Fifa insisted that it was not accusing whole countries, only certain
individuals, saying: "The US indictments do not allege that South Africa
'bought' the World Cup with bribes. Nor does Fifa. The US indictments, which
Fifa is relying upon in its restitution request, merely accuse certain
individuals of criminal behaviour."

Fifa's legal submission stated that Warner, who is fighting extradition from
Trinidad to the USA, was offered a bribe by Morocco and had already received a
briefcase containing "$10,000 in cash from a high-ranking South African bid
committee official".

It stated: "Ultimately, given defendantWarner's strong illicit ties to the South
African bid committee, the South Africans offered a more attractive bribe of $10
million in exchange for Warner's, Blazer's and a third executive committee
member's votes. Warner and his co-conspirators lied to Fifa about the nature of
the payment, disguising it as support for the benefit of the 'African diaspora'
in the Caribbean region, when in reality it was a bribe. They disguised and
funnelled the bribe money through the financial accounts of Fifa."

Fifa's claim for the bulk of the £135million so far forfeited includes
compensation for the huge legal fees it has incurred since the scandal broke
last May, which in some months have topped £7 million. The move aims to
consolidate the organisation's position as a victim of the crimes despite many
of its leaders being either involved in the corruption or having turned a blind
eye to it.

The claim also includes photographs of former Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb
from the Cayman Islands, the most high-profile figure arrested in the police
swoop on the Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich last May, playing blackjack at a
glittering birthday party for his wife.

Webb has pleaded guilty to corruption charges and is on bail in the US. Fifa
said it was "concerned that Mr Webb may not have fully disclosed his assets to
the court or to the government".

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fans at the 2010 tournament in South Africa after rivals Morocco lost
out

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

South Africa won World Cup by paying biggest bribe, admits Fifa

BYLINE: Martyn Ziegler

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 600 words


South Africa paid £7 million to bribe some of Fifa's most senior officials for
the right to host the 2010 World Cup, the football body admitted yesterday.

A legal submission to a New York court stated that South African officials
"offered a more attractive bribe" than its only rival Morocco to three senior
Fifa executives for their votes in the 2004 election. South Africa won the vote
14-10.

Fifa's legal document added: "It is now apparent that multiple members of Fifa's
executive committee abused their positions and sold their votes on multiple
occasions."

Bribes were also paid by Morocco when it was bidding for the 1998 tournament
which eventually was held in France.

The legal notice is part of a Fifa claim for a pot of more than £135million that
has been forfeited to the US courts by some of the 41 officials who have been
indicted for corruption.

The submission names Jack Warner from Trinidad and the USA's Chuck Blazer as
having received the bribes from South Africa. The third was understood to be
Costa Rica's Isaac Sasso Sasso, who died in 2011. Clive Efford, Labour's shadow
sports minister, said that the admission provided further reason to view the
voting process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, awarded to Russia and Qatar
respectively in 2010, with suspicion. Fifa has said there is no evi-dence to
justify re-running the vote. "It would be extraordinary for all of this
corruption to be emerging, but the only two things that stand apart from that
corruption are the bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups," Mr Efford said.

The South African bribe was also significant because it was channelled through a
Fifa account.

Fifa insisted that it was not accusing whole countries, only certain
individuals, saying: "The US indictments do not allege that South Africa
'bought' the World Cup with bribes. Nor does Fifa. The US indictments, which
Fifa is relying upon in its restitution request, merely accuse certain
individuals of criminal behaviour."

Fifa's legal submission stated that Warner, who is fighting extradition from
Trinidad to the USA, was offered a bribe by Morocco and had already received a
briefcase containing "$10,000 in cash from a high-ranking South African bid
committee official".

It stated: "Ultimately, given defendantWarner's strong illicit ties to the South
African bid committee, the South Africans offered a more attractive bribe of $10
million in exchange for Warner's, Blazer's and a third executive committee
member's votes. Warner and his co-conspirators lied to Fifa about the nature of
the payment, disguising it as support for the benefit of the 'African diaspora'
in the Caribbean region, when in reality it was a bribe. They disguised and
funnelled the bribe money through the financial accounts of Fifa."

Fifa's claim for the bulk of the £135million so far forfeited includes
compensation for the huge legal fees it has incurred since the scandal broke
last May, which in some months have topped £7 million. The move aims to
consolidate the organisation's position as a victim of the crimes despite many
of its leaders being either involved in the corruption or having turned a blind
eye to it.

The claim also includes photographs of former Fifa vice-president Jeffrey Webb
from the Cayman Islands, the most high-profile figure arrested in the police
swoop on the Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich last May, playing blackjack at a
glittering birthday party for his wife.

Webb has pleaded guilty to corruption charges and is on bail in the US. Fifa
said it was "concerned that Mr Webb may not have fully disclosed his assets to
the court or to the government".

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A South African fan at the 2010 finals after it was chosen over Morocco

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 8, 2016 Friday

Texas: Bribes and the remedy of Tracing

LENGTH: 869 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    Relations between companies and businessmen worldwide are often governed by
contracts subject to English law. Bribery is - regrettably - common in worldwide
business. A discussion as to how English civil law treats a bribe is therefore
of relevance to the worldwide business community.





 What is a Bribe?

 In Petrotrade Inc v Smith [2000] 1 Lloyd's Rep 486 para 16 David Steel J
defined a bribe as follows:



 "For the purposes of the civil law a bribe means the payment of a secret
commission, which only means: (i) that the person making the payment makes it to
the agent of the other person with whom he is dealing; (ii) that he makes it to
that person knowing that that person is acting as the agent of the other person
with whom he is dealing; and (iii) that he fails to disclose to the other person
with whom he is dealing that he has made that payment to the person whom he
knows to be the other person's agent."



 The elements of a bribe are therefore:



     The existence of an agency relationship;

      Payment made or benefit provided to the agent by the counterparty;

     Knowledge by the payer of the agent's relationship with the principal; and

     A failure by the agent to disclose to his principal the payment or benefit
received



 The Consequences Of Bribery



 If a payment or benefit is classified as a bribe:



     There is an irrebuttable presumption that the agent was induced by the
bribe;

     The briber's motive is irrelevant - the Court will not consider it;

     Whether the parties to the bribe actually believed they were doing anything
wrong is also irrelevant;

     The principal does not need to demonstrate that they suffered any loss as a
result of the bribe; and

     An agent who is paid a bribe is not entitled to receive any commission or
fee from the principal.



 Principal's Remedies



 If a principal discovers that their agent has been paid a bribe, they have the
following rights.



 Against The Agent



 The principal can bring a claim against the agent to recover the bribe payment
as either or all of money had and received, liability for profits, or as money
held on a constructive trust. The principal will be able to trace into any asset
bought with the bribe. These claims do not require the principal to show any
financial loss. However, if the principal has suffered financial losses as a
result of the bribe, these can be claimed as damages for fraud.



 Against The Bribe Payer



 The principal can rescind the underlying transaction (if rescission is still
possible), and also may bring a claim in tort for the amount of the bribe. The
briber is also considered to be jointly and severally liable in damages with the
agent for fraud if the principal has suffered losses greater than the amount of
the bribe. The briber may also be liable in tort for inducing the agent's breach
of contract, and/or in equity for assisting in the agent's breach of fiduciary
duty.



 Tracing



 In claims involving fraud, breach of fiduciary duty and bribes, English law
usually allows a claimant to "trace" what has become of funds which have been
stolen or dishonestly appropriated rather than just recovering damages. Since
the decision of the Supreme Court in FHR European Ventures LLP and others v
Cedar Capital Partners LLC [2014] UKSC 45 it is clear that a principal is
entitled to trace into the proceeds of bribes and secret payments paid to a
dishonest agent.



 An aim of tracing is to ensure that corruption and dishonesty do not pay. This
works by allowing a claimant to follow the value rather than the asset. If an
asset changes hands, the claimant can decide whether to follow the original
asset to the new owner, or else "trace" the original assets into the new asset.
In practice, such claims often involve the purchase of property, as the London
property market has performed well in recent years and has been a favoured
destination for the proceeds of corruption and crime.



 Consider the (hypothetical but plausible) scenario of a contract manager in a
bank who took corrupt payments of US$1,000,000 from an IT company in return for
ensuring that the IT company won a contract to develop new systems for the bank.




     Assume that these payments were received in 2005, and the contract manager
invested his ill-gotten gains in London real estate as soon as he received them.


     Assume that the bank uncovered the corruption in 2015 and commenced
litigation in London's High Court to recover the proceeds.

     Given the performance of the London property market between 2005 and 2015,
real estate bought for US$1,000,000 in 2005 will have vastly increased in value
by 2015. Rents may also have been paid to the manager by bona fide tenants of
these properties.

     The claimant bank would be able to choose between recovering the
US$1,000,000 plus statutory interest, or else seizing the real estate and the
value of rents obtained. The second course of action would obviously give the
bank the benefit of the increase in value of the real estate, as well as the
income generated.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 15, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Washington: Manager of HUD Section 8 housing found guilty of
bribery, false statements

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: Washington


U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A manager of the federally subsidized Tricham Houses in Manhattan was found
guilty April 11 of accepting bribes and conspiracy to accept bribes in
connection with federal program funds and providing false statements relating to
U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development (HUD) certifications.

This conviction follows an investigation led by HUD; Office of Inspector General
(OIG), with assistance by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations (HSI); and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the
Southern District of New York.
Novelette "Pat" Campbell, 55, of the Bronx, was convicted after a one-week trial
before U.S. District Judge George B. Daniels.

"Instead of helping applicants who sought affordable housing, Ms. Campbell and
her associates helped themselves to thousands of dollars in bribes and gifts
from individuals who knew they were ineligible to receive government
assistance," said James T. Hayes Jr., special agent in charge of HSI New York.
"HSI and its law enforcement partners will continue to preserve the integrity of
federally funded programs."

"Friday's verdict should send a strong message to those individuals who fail to
exercise integrity in connection with HUD, we will vigorously pursue
investigation and prosecution of all involved in order to maintain the integrity
of our programs," said HUD OIG Special Agent in Charge Christina Scaringi. "Ms.
Campbell's case is especially egregious in that not only did she intentionally
violate the Department's trust, she violated the trust of dozens of eligible
families who followed the rules and waited years for a decent place to call
home. Working in partnership with HSI, the U.S. Attorney's Office, and HUD OIG,
we will continue to aggressively pursue allegations of corrupt management agent
behavior."

"As a unanimous jury found, for over a decade, Novelette "Pat" Campbell
exploited her position as a manager of the Tricham Houses in Manhattan by
illegally trading prime spots on the waiting list for federally subsidized
apartments in exchange for cash," said Preet Bharara, U.S. attorney for the
Southern District of New York. "Her bribery scheme was uncovered by the
dedicated investigators at HUD OIG and ICE HSI, and she now stands convicted
after trial for her crimes."

According to the indictment, as well as evidence presented at Campbell's trial,
Campbell accepted bribes and engaged in a conspiracy to accept bribes from April
2000 through October 2011 from individuals who were not on a waiting list for
subsidized housing at Tricham Housing. Rather than maintain the integrity of the
waiting list and process applications in a first-come, first-serve basis as
required by HUD, Campbell sold spots on the waiting list for bribes. The people
who paid bribes took apartments away from people who were on the waiting list
for years, but never received apartments because Campbell sold their spots for
bribes. Campbell accepted bribes ranging from $2,000 through $9,000, depending
on the size of the apartment.

In addition, Campbell falsified HUD certifications by falsely representing that
all administrative procedures had been followed, when they had not, and, on two
occasions, forged the signature of a tenant. Campbell also altered original
tenant applications for Section 8 housing to falsely add bribe payers as
relatives of original applicants.

Campbell was convicted of six counts relating to accepting bribes in connection
with federal program funds, conspiracy to accept bribes in connection with
federal program funds, and four counts of false statements to HUD. The charges
relating to accepting bribes in connection with federal program funds carry a
maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a fine of $250,000, or twice the gross
gain or loss from the offense. The count charging conspiracy to accept bribes in
connection with federal program funds carries a maximum penalty of five years in
prison and a fine of $250,000, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense.
Each of the counts charging false statements funds carries a maximum penalty of
five years in prison and a fine of $250,000, or twice the gross gain or loss
from the offense.

Campbell is scheduled to be sentenced by Judge Daniels on Aug. 12, at 10:00 a.m.

For more information please visit: http://www.ice.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              21 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 8, 2015 Tuesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Report: Blatter knew about bribes to FIFA The Atlantic 11

BYLINE: Matt Bonesteel

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 654 words


The Terrapins' stumble on Tobacco Road wasn't enough to knock them from their
perch.  - Scott Allen

The FBI is investigating outgoing FIFA President Sepp Blatter over his alleged
knowledge of $100 million in bribes paid to FIFA officials by a sports-marketing
agency in the 1990s. ISL, the now-defunct marketing agency in question,
reportedly received lucrative television- and marketing-rights deals from FIFA
in exchange for the payments, according to a BBC investigative report.

Blatter has long denied any knowledge of the bribes. But former FIFA president
Joao Havelange wrote in a letter that Blatter had "full knowledge of all
activities" and was "always apprised" of them, according to the BBC. The FBI has
obtained Havelange's letter.

Havelange served as FIFA president from 1974 to 1998 and became the
organization's honorary president after stepping down. But in 2013, Havelange
resigned from his honorary role after a FIFA investigation found that he and
former Brazilian football association president Ricardo Teixeira, his former
son-in-law, had taken millions of dollars in bribes from ISL over an eight-year
period in the 1990s. The FIFA investigation uncovered Blatter, then FIFA's
secretary general, returned a $1 million bribe intended for Havelange when it
crossed his desk in 1997. Blatter insisted he did not realize the payment was a
bribe, and the investigation determined that his actions were "clumsy" but not
"criminal."

matt.bonesteel@washpost.com

Maryland (7-1, 0-0 Big Ten)

Virginia (7-1, 0-0 ACC)

George Washington (7-1, 0-0 A10)

Georgetown (5-3, 0-0 Big East)

VCU (5-3, 0-0 A10)

Richmond (5-3, 0-0 A10)

William and Mary

(5-3, 0-0 CAA)

James Madison (7-3, 0-0 CAA)

Virginia Tech (5-3, 0-0 ACC)

Radford (5-4, 1-1 Big South)

Navy (7-3, 0-0 Patriot)

1           Next:        439 points (29 first-place votes) (Last Week: 1) :
           Tuesday vs.   Maryland's Jake Layman changed his name to
           Connecticut,  Bricklayman following his performance at UNC.
           Saturday vs.  (Mike Green)
           UMES
2           Next:        417 points (13 first-place votes) (LW: 2) :
           Tuesday vs.   Clearly the pack-line defense has one big hole in
           West          it: Protecting appendixes. (Matt Ipri)
           Virginia,
           Saturday vs.
           Villanova
3           Next:        355 points (4 first-place votes) (LW: 3) : Just a
           Tuesday vs.   reminder, GW beat Virginia! (Michael LaPlace)
           Penn State,
           Saturday vs.
           Rutgers
4           Next:        325 points (LW: 4) : If you beat Syracuse but
           Saturday vs.  Boeheim isn't around to see it, did it really
           UNC           happen? (Chris Olson)
           Wilmington
5           Next:        275 points (LW: 5) : Apparently "Havoc" now means
           Tuesday at    "Just give the ball to Melvin Johnson all the
           Georgia Tech, time." (Matt Bonesteel)
           Saturday vs.
           Cincinnati
6           Next:        180 points (LW: 6) : Early season success moves
           Saturday vs.  Richmond higher in Spider rankings, now just above
           Longwood      Spider solitaire, but still below Spider-Man.
                         (Sean McLernon)
7           Next:  Dec.  141 points (LW: 7) : The Tribe's exam break leaves
           18 vs. Mary   them without a game until Dec. 18, which doesn't
           Washington    help the school's reputation of being nerdy.
                         (Brian Hoysa)
8           Next:        94 points (LW: NR) : The Dukes decided to play
           Saturday vs.  Marshall in a rare nonconference home-and-home
           George Mason  series, apparently deciding to adopt the most
                         mundane NBA tradition they can think of. (Sean
                         McLernon)
9           Next:        67 points (LW: 10) : "Beat the Bad Teams, Lose to
           Wednesday at  the Good Ones" is actually the motto of all
           Radford,      Virginia Tech teams. (Chris Olson)
           Sunday vs.
           Lamar
1           Next:        58 points (LW: 8) : Radford's loss to JMU ends
0          Wednesday vs. their hopes of I-81 domination. (Mike Doughten)
           Virginia
           Tech,
           Saturday at
           Howard
1           Next:        56 points (LW: NR) : I would like to hear the
1          Saturday at   announcers punctuate every Navy made three-pointer
           VMI.          with "Anchors aweigh!" (Michael)

 Also receiving votes:  Old Dominion 52, Morgan State 46, George Mason 31,
Towson 22, Howard 10, Hampton 2, Liberty 2, Mount St. Mary's 2, American 1, VMI
1.  Dropped out:  George Mason, Old Dominion.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            March 17, 2012 Saturday

A nation that has #124lost its values

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 749 words


Re: "Answerable to no one", Opinion, March 16.

I read Thanong Khanthong's article today online. How I wish many more newspapers
would print similar stories. I was born in England in 1941 and me, and my
family, suffered the hardships of the World War II and its aftermath of
rationing. During my youth, most of us believed that the forces of Democracy
â[#x20ac]" the USA, UK etc â[#x20ac]" were God's gift to the world. After all,
hadn't they saved us from the Nazis and the fascists? Weren't the Russians bad
people? Ditto the Chinese, Vietnamese, Arabs, Muslims, etc. Nowadays, the USA
invades countries at will. Our sympathies were with the Jewish people, who had
suffered more than anyone else. How we rejoiced when the Berlin Wall came down.
And the collapse of the USSR â[#x20ac]" wonderful!

How things have changed! Now we have walls everywhere, built by the Israelis and
Americans. And democracy and capitalism aren't working too well, are they? I
have long believed that the USA is totally out of control. It sails its warships
everywhere, yet objects when others do the same. We can have nuclear power, but
you cannot. The Israeli treatment of the Palestinians is horrendous. The Gaza
ghetto is similar to that of the Jews in Warsaw. Most of the terror problems in
the world are as a result of the Palestinian problem, which, I believe, is
deliberately kept going by the USA in order to justify its military spending and
presence in various countries.

Your article explains why this is happening very clearly, and I congratulate you
on that. Will things change? I think not. We are heading for more war. A good
war is a good tool for some governments.

George Ackinclose

Perth

Bribery okay as long as you pay tax on it

Asian readers who are tired of hearing Western governments berate them about
corruption may be interested in a little-known item in the US tax code. The
Internal Revenue Service (IRS) is an agency of the US government tasked with
collecting income taxes from American citizens. It issues a 302-page tome titled
Tax Guide 2011 (www.irs.gov/pub17) to provide guidance for its victims as they
slink toward the slaughterhouse. On p92, under "Bribes", we find the following
terse advice: "If you receive a bribe, include it in your income." Of course,
the IRS subsequently taxes that income.

What if we pay a bribe? Can we deduct it from our income? Alas, no. A separate
volume, Publication 535, under "Bribes and kickbacks", sternly warns us on p40
that "Engaging in the payment of bribes and kickbacks is a serious criminal
matter. Such activity could result in criminal prosecution." Payments of bribes
and kickbacks "are not deductible for tax purposes and are in violation of the
law".

Observe: The US government doesn't mind if we accept bribes, and in fact wants
to tax them; but if we pay bribes, the government does not allow us to deduct
them from our taxable income, and threatens us with criminal prosecution.

I believe that there should be a taxpayer revolt on this issue, which seems to
involve a double standard. If we have to pay taxes on the bribes we receive,
surely the bribes we pay out ought to be tax-deductible.

I considered writing to the US Department of Justice to demand that it prosecute
the IRS for its inconsistency. But then I realised that the Department of
Justice gets its funding from the IRS and is not likely to bite the hand that
feeds it. Moral: Taxpayers just can't win.

Horace Beasley

Bangkok

Airport queues will drive tourists away

My wife and I have recently spent a delightful holiday in Thailand, marred by
only one thing: the chaos at Suvarnabhumi Airport. Refurbishment is causing
severe delays at passport control. On arrival, passengers are having to spend up
to three hours queuing, and on departure up to two hours. The queues snake
around large areas of the airport and are unmanaged, so that unruly passengers
barge in and more patient ones (as well as passport officers) get irate. Tempers
are lost, there is high anxiety about missing one's flight, and there is even a
risk of injury.

These delays are ruining all the other efforts by Thailand to welcome visitors.
Surely better management of the problem is possible? For example, Heathrow
Airport in London has a system of "sheep pens" that enable passengers to queue
safely and fairly and be dealt with quickly. And there must be ways of opening
more passport booths. The present chaos at Suvarnabhumi, however temporary, is
an unacceptable blight on Thailand's tourism industry.

Paul Williams

Trowbridge, UK

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 23, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Jail Term for Judge For Taking Bribes

SECTION: Section B;  Page 5;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 258 words


A Manhattan Housing Court judge convicted of accepting bribes from landlords,
tenants and lawyers was sentenced in State Supreme Court yesterday to between
two and a half and seven and a half years in prison.

The former judge, Arthur R. Scott Jr., was accused of taking bribes of $1,000 to
$1,500 for issuing favorable rulings to people who came before him. In February,
he pleaded guilty to various felony counts in connection with the bribes,
including three counts of second-degree grand larceny and six counts of
third-degree bribe-receiving.

Three co-defendants have also pleaded guilty in the case, including Euclid
Watson, who was described by prosecutors as the judge's "bag man," as well as
two landlords.

Mr. Scott, who served on the Housing Court bench from 1983 until his removal in
October 1995, accepted at least four bribes, the Manhattan District Attorney's
office said, including three that were part of a sting operation.

Prosecutors began looking into the case after a tenant in Queens asserted that
the judge solicited a $1,000 bribe from him in exchange for ruling in his favor.
The tenant balked, Judge Scott ruled against him, and the man was evicted. But
he complained to the administrative judge who oversees Housing Court.

Subsequently, investigators brought three fictitious cases before the judge in
Housing Court, paying him more than $10,000 in bribes for favorable rulings. He
was arrested on Dec. 13, 1994. In addition to the larceny and bribery counts, he
pleaded guilty to scheming to defraud.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              24 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 29, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

LITTLE SUPRISE FELT ON RACING SCANDEL

BYLINE: By STEVEN CRIST

SECTION: Section C; Page 2, Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 826 words


Track officials and jockeys at Aqueduct expressed little surprise yesterday over
the disclosure that state racing officials were considering disciplinary action
against two leading riders for violations stemming from the fixing of races at
New York thoroughbred tracks in the mid-1970's. Most declined public comment
until the report recommending the action was officially released later this
week.

The report, which will be published by the State Racing and Wagering Board,
recommends that the board move against ''certain jockeys'' for actions related
to the race-fixing. The report will not name the riders, pending a decision on
the proposed disciplinary action, but high-ranking board sources said the riders
in jeopardy were Jacinto Vasquez and Michael Venezia.

The report and recommendations were written for the board by John S. Clark and
John D. Patten, attorneys who last summer conducted five days of hearings and
had been investigating for two years.

Cites 'Sense of Humor'

Vasquez has been riding in Florida and Arkansas recently, and efforts to reach
him yesterday for comment were unavailing. His agent, George Lisco, said from
Miami that Vasquez maintained his innocence and denied the board's contention
that he had attempted to bribe two jockeys to hold back their mounts.

''Jacinto's a funny kid, always popping off, and people sometimes misunderstand
his sense of humor,'' Lisco said.  Eddie Maple, another jockey, testified at
board hearings last summer that Vasquez had once asked him if he ''wanted to
make some money'' in connection with a horse Maple was riding. Maple said he did
not know what Vasquez had meant, and he ''walked away'' from the situation.

A rider at Aqueduct who has known Vasquez for most of his career said that he
believed the conversation with Maple could have been a practical joke on
Vasquez's part.

John Cotter, a trainer, testified at the hearings that Michael Hole, a jockey
who died in 1976, told him in the Saratoga paddock in 1974 that someone had
offered him a bribe to hold back a Cotter horse. When the trainer asked who had
offered the bribe, Hole ''pointed his finger at Vasquez,'' according to Cotter.

Could Be Crucial Factor

The finger-pointing could become crucial at public hearings the board would hold
if it moved to revoke Vasquez's license. According to legal sources, Hole's
telling Cotter that he was offered a bribe is considered legally tenuous, but
his pointing his finger at Vasquez could constitute more persuasive evidence.

Venezia said yesterday that his attorney had advised him not to comment publicly
on the board's recommendation that he be disciplined for not having reported a
bribe offer to the stewards. He volunteered at the hearings that he had turned
down a $3,500 bribe from Con Errico, the former rider who is serving a five-year
sentence for bribing jockeys to fix races.

Venezia testified at Errico's trial that he turned down a $7,500 bribe from
Errico in August 1974, but he did not mention the $3,500 offer at the trial or
to board investigators in several interviews.

Reluctant to Act

The board has been reluctant to act against Venezia because he is one of the few
jockeys who have been cooperative with investigators, the sources said. They
felt that revoking his license for having failed to report the first bribe offer
would, in effect, be punishing him for his candor, while the ''core group'' of
fixers remained unpunished because of a lack of sufficient evidence to move
against them.

A high-ranking official of the New York Racing Association, who asked not to be
named, said that he agreed it seemed unfair to punish Venezia after failing to
prosecute other riders for actual fixes.  But, he added, failing to punish
Venezia would set an unwelcome precedent of condoning a violation of the rules
of racing.

Gerard J. McKeon, who became the N.Y.R.A. president last month, said he was not
surprised to learn that the report criticized the association as not having
rigorously investigated the case in the mid-1970's, and having instead turned
the matter over to the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

''That wouldn't happen again,'' McKeon said. ''I don't think N.Y.R.A. would be
twice burned. For one thing, we now have more sophisticated technology in the
betting equipment, so we can isolate unusual wagering patterns. If we see
something out of line, we can go right to the windows and follow up.

''More important, we are more vigilant now. We have a larger investigative force
and we're more sensitive to the possibility of these things.''

The board has tentatively scheduled a news conference for Thursday, when the
full report will be made public.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              25 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           February 26, 2002 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 527 words


NEW YORK -- Sixteen tax assessors were arrested yesterday for allegedly taking
part in a 35-year plot to accept bribes and cheat the city out of hundreds of
millions of dollars in property tax revenue, officials said.

An indictment accused the assessors of accepting bribes for at least 35 years to
alter the assessed value of more than 500 properties, worth a total of $ 8
billion.

"These folks sold their office and sold out the people of New York by taking
bribes," U.S. Attorney James Comey said. "In doing so, they undermined a bedrock
of this city's finances -- a fair and honest tax assessment system."

Nearly half the tax assessors in Manhattan, as well as two alleged bribe payers,
were arrested. The indictment accused the defendants of racketeering, bribery
and fraud.

Seventeen of the suspects were arrested yesterday and another was expected to
surrender today on charges of taking or giving more than $ 10 million in bribes
to alter the assessed values of commercial properties.

The scheme has cost the city about $ 160 million in lost tax revenue since 1997,
Comey said. The indictment sought the forfeiture of the lost revenue and an
additional $ 10 million allegedly obtained through bribes.

* HOUSTON -- A Palestinian man was sentenced to 13 months in prison for
illegally possessing a .45-caliber handgun and lying about his citizenship
status when he bought the weapon. Atallah Fuad Khoury, 28, was arrested Sept. 18
after federal agents were tipped off that he allegedly told a rental car clerk
in mid-August that he was two weeks away from getting a pilot's license and she
should "watch the news." Khoury, a taxi driver from Jerusalem, denied making the
remarks. He has had his pilot's license since March.

* TUCSON -- The Catholic Diocese of Tucson will likely have to borrow money to
pay off a settlement reached in 11 lawsuits alleging that four priests molested
boys, a diocese official said. The amount of the settlement has not been
disclosed. The 16 plaintiffs involved in the cases alleged the molestations
occurred from 1967 to 1989.

* DETROIT -- A gunman shot four small children riding in a car with their
mother, killing the eldest child, a 7-year-old girl, police said. "We believe it
was over the purchase of a radio that didn't work," said Detroit Police
Commander Bryan Turnbull said. "The person [gunman] wanted the money back and he
wasn't successful in getting the money back, and he decided to take some
revenge."

* SAN DIEGO -- Investigators concluded that Danielle van Dam, 7, who vanished
from her bedroom more than three weeks ago, is dead and said they would bring
murder charges against neighbor David Westerfield, 50. He was arrested Friday on
suspicion of kidnapping and was jailed without bail.

* CINCINNATI -- A juror in a murder case was sent to jail for seven days for
vacationing in Mexico in the middle of deliberations. Christine Fiorini, 33,
said she thought the alternate juror could deliberate in her place, but the
alternate had been dismissed before deliberations began. Deliberations resumed
without Fiorini after the defense agreed to continue with 11 jurors rather than
12.

From news services

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              26 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 25, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

Prosecutors Rest Case In Carolina Bribe Trial

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 21, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 216 words

DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C., Oct. 24


Prosecutors rested their case today in the Superior Court bribery trial of
Lieut. Gov. James C. Green after dismissing one of five charges, and defense
attorneys immediately asked Judge James M. Long to drop the remaining counts.

The government lawyers played a recording of a secretly taped conversation in
which Mr. Green told an undercover agent that he should not accept a $2,000
check because he was being closely scrutinized by the public.

Mr. Green, 62 years old, is charged with twice consenting to receive a bribe of
$10,000 a month, consenting to receive a $2,000 bribe and receiving a $2,000
bribe. The dropped charge was conspiring to receive a bribe.

Defense attorneys, who have prepared a list of possible witnesses that includes
Gov. James B. Hunt Jr. and other state officials, argued today that the
remaining counts should be dismissed because there was no evidence that the
Lieutenant Governor agreed to do anything in exchange for a bribe or that there
was corrupt intent in his discussions with an undercover F.B.I. agent. Mr.
Green's attorneys said he repeatedly refused the agent's offers of money.

But Jim Blackburn, the special prosecutor, said Mr. Green brought up the subject
of campaign contributions and the possibility of falsifying campaign reports.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              27 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Banker Sent to Prison for Taking More Than $1 Million in Bribes

LENGTH: 923 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of California has
issued the following news release:




 SAN DIEGO - Robert Moreno, a GMAC banker, was sentenced today by U.S. District
Judge Roger T. Benitez to 37 months in prison for his role in a widespread
commercial bribery and tax evasion scheme.


 Moreno admitted accepting more than $1 million in bribes while he worked for
GMAC in return for rigging bids for secondary market mortgages in favor of his
preferred customers. At the sentencing hearing, Judge Benitez described Moreno
as &ldquo;the kingpin in this whole nasty affair,&rdquo; and noted that the
bribe payments had an adverse economic impact on the market. He ordered Moreno
to pay back $1,143,560 in restitution to GMAC and an additional $140,941 to the
IRS.
 According to court records, Moreno admitted that between December 2011 and July
2013, he used his position and influence at GMAC to ensure that his preferred
customers, including San Diego businessman Israel Hechter and Woodland Hills
businessman Ben Keisari, won their bids to purchase mortgage loans that were
being resold by GMAC.  In order to ensure Hechter's and Keisari's bids won,
Moreno would alter other bids, reject bids, and erase or ignore bids from
qualified competitors, so that his corrupt customers would appear to be the most
qualified bidders.  Moreno also provided Hechter and Keisari with &ldquo;inside
information&rdquo; about prices and competing bids, giving them a leg up in the
bidding process and ensuring that they won the most lucrative deals.
 In exchange, Hechter and Keisari, and others who worked for them, delivered
bribe payments to Moreno totaling more than $1 million. Initially, Moreno
arranged to be paid by personal check or in hand-delivered cash payments in
order to conceal the bribes and avoid reporting them to the IRS.  For example,
Hechter recruited his father to deliver hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash
bribes to Moreno on New York City street corners and at a car wash. In a similar
vein, Moreno would meet Keisari in Las Vegas hotels and other places to arrange
in-person deliveries of tens of thousands of dollars in cash.  Moreno never
disclosed the income on his 2011 and 2012 tax returns.
 As the amount of the bribe payments increased, Moreno revised the plan to
create a &ldquo;cover story&rdquo; that could be used to explain his illegal
activity.  He entered into sham &ldquo;consulting&rdquo; agreements with Hechter
and Keisari, to make it appear as if the bribes were legitimate fees paid for
services unrelated to Moreno's work at GMAC. Using a business bank account
opened for the purpose of receiving these bogus &ldquo;consulting&rdquo;
payments, Moreno took in $550,000 in bribes. When later confronted by federal
agents, Moreno stuck to the cover story and claimed that the bribe payments were
consulting fees for legitimate work.  Eventually, in October 2014, Moreno
pleaded guilty and admitted his role the bribery scheme.
 Including Moreno, over half a dozen defendants have been convicted for their
roles in this bank bribery ring. Hechter, the owner of San Diego-based mortgage
investment firms Ocean 18, LLC, and Note Tracker Corporation, pleaded guilty in
September 2014.  As part of his guilty plea, he admitted that he paid bribes to
Moreno and to Lynda Sanabria, another banker who sold mortgages on the secondary
market on behalf of JP Morgan Chase Bank.  Sanabria also pleaded guilty, and
admitted receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribe payments from
Hechter in return for her influence over Chase's mortgage sales.
 Zeev Hechter, Amir Hechter, and Jack Prober also pleaded guilty and admitted
that they participated in the bribery on behalf of Ocean 18, LLC.  Both Prober
and Amir Hechter admitted writing personal checks to Moreno and Sanabria in
order to assist the bankers in evading taxes on the illegal income.  Zeev
Hechter admitted hand-delivering approximately $330,000 in cash to Moreno.  Ben
Keisari, who operated the business BGK Investments out of Woodland Hills,
California, also pleaded guilty to participating in the bribery scheme. Keisari
admitted paying more than $350,000 in bribes to Moreno in return for Moreno's
help ensuring that BGK Investments won its bids to purchase mortgage notes from
GMAC.
 Moreno is the fifth defendant in this bribery ring to be sentenced. On March 2,
2015, Judge Benitez sentenced Zeev Hechter to six months in custody and ordered
him to pay a $50,000 fine and restitution of $165,000.  On May 11, 2015, Judge
Benitez sentenced Amir Hechter to 18 months in prison for his role in the
offense, and ordered him to pay a $25,000 fine and restitution of $63,474.  On
June 1, 2015, Judge Benitez sentenced Lynda Sanabria to six months in prison
followed by six months of home confinement, and ordered her to pay $40,420 in
restitution to the IRS. And on August 28, 2015, Judge Benitez sentenced Israel
Hechter to 18 months in custody, along with restitution of nearly $400,000.
 Jack Prober and Ben Keisari are both scheduled to be sentenced on October 18,
2015, at 9:00 am.  Each of these defendants will also be sentenced by Judge
Benitez.
 U.S. Attorney Duffy praised the coordinated efforts of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Federal Housing Finance Agency - Office of Inspector General,
and Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation to dismantle Moreno's bank
bribery ring.


 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 23, 2013 Wednesday

East Bay pair face bribe plot indictment

BYLINE: By Katie Nelson knelson@ bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 324 words


Two Alameda County residents and one Houston native were indicted Tuesday for
plotting to bribe public officials to get Air Force contracts, according to the
U.S. attorney's office.

Court documents state that between 2007 and 2010, Fremont resident Sohail Amin,
29, and Dublin resident Lida Amin, 40, both private government contractors,
conspired with 32-year-old Houston resident Jeron Shelton Rochon, a member of
the Air Force, and others to bribe Air Force contracting officers so that they
could get military procurement contracts.

Between October 2007 and June 2008, in exchange for bribe offers and payments,
Rochon issued government contracts and coached Sohail Amin and Lida Amin on how
to bid for contracts.

Sohail Amin paid bribes to Rochon in cash in both Afghanistan and Dallas but
told Rochon not to deposit large amounts of money into the bank to avoid
detection, according to court documents.

A federal indictment filed in August alleged that Lida Amin and her brother,
Nabil Amin, traveled to Budapest, Hungary, in September 2012 to meet with a U.S.
Air Force contract administrator to discuss details of a similar scheme.

The administrator was said to be someone who was formerly stationed in
Afghanistan but was not named until Tuesday, when prosecutors in the Texas
indictment identified him as Rochon.

A future court date for Rochon has yet to be set. Sohail Amin is currently in
federal custody on another charge.

Lida Amin was arrested Aug. 28 in Prague by Czech authorities when she traveled
there to meet with Rochon. Plans are underway to extradite her to the United
States. Nabil Amin surrendered to U.S. authorities on Oct. 7 but was not named
in the indictment Tuesday.

If convicted, the defendants face a maximum penalty of five years in prison, a
$250,000 fine, and three years of supervised release for each count they face.

Contact Katie Nelson atknelson@bayareanewsgroup.com and follow her
atTwitter.com/katienelson210 .

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 7, 2012 Friday

Lejeune Marine admits to taking wartime bribes

BYLINE: Lindell Kay, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 544 words


Dec. 07--A Camp Lejeune staff sergeant pleaded guilty this week in federal court
to taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes in exchange for awarding
millions of dollars in government contracts to foreign-owned companies during
the Iraq War.

Gilbert Mendez, 36, who served as a contracting officer at Camp Fallujah in
2006, admitted in federal court in San Diego on Thursday that he took $150,000
in bribes and awarded more than $2.6 million in contracts to three companies
providing goods and services in support of Operation Iraqi Freedom.

The three companies have not been identified by the U.S. Attorney General
Attorney's Office.

At one point, Mendez considered asking one of the companies for a Cadillac
Escalade, but opted for cash instead when he thought he might be caught living
above his means, U.S. Attorney Laura E. Duffy said in a press release.

Camp Lejeune officials did not immediately respond to questions about Mendez on
Friday.

Mendez received the bribe money either directly or through co-conspirator
Francisco Mungia, who had already pleaded guilty to similar charges. Mungia, a
former Marine, was sentenced earlier this year in Hawaii to four months in
prison. He also agreed to repay the government $30,000.

"Mendez discussed with Mungia ways to bring money into the United States without
being detected by military or law enforcement officials and agreed to deal only
in cash in an effort to avoid currency transaction laws," Duffy said. "Mendez
agreed to share a percentage of the proceeds with Mungia that were collected
from the military contractors on Mendez's behalf."

Mungia flew from San Diego to New York City in March 2006 to pick up a $28,500
cash payment for Mendez provided by one of the defense contractors. That company
also paid Mendez an additional $60,000 via international wire transfer for a
total of almost $90,000, according to court documents.

During the same time period, Mendez awarded the company approximately $1 million
in Defense Department contracts at Camp Fallujah.

A second company deposited $20,000 in a bank account belonging to Mungia in May
2006. During his deployment to Iraq, Mendez awarded that company approximately
$1,663,000 in DoD contracts, according to court papers.

In the summer of that same year, a third company wired $50,000 into Mungia's
bank account on behalf of Mendez, according to court records.

In all three instances, Mungia deducted a cut of 20 percent for laundering the
money and forwarded the rest to Mendez.

Agents with the Naval Criminal Investigative Service, the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service, Army Criminal Investigations Command, the Office of the
Inspector General, and the International Contract Corruption Task Force worked
diligently to piece together the full scope of the conspiracy, Duffy said.

Mendez is scheduled for sentencing March 1. He faces up to 20 years in prison
and a $250,000 fine for violating Title 18 of the U.S. Code, conspiracy to
commit wire fraud.

Contact Daily News Senior Reporter Lindell Kay at 910-219-8455 or
lindell.kay@jdnews.com Follow him on Twitter and friend him on Facebook @
1lindell.

___ (c)2012 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121207-JN-Lejeune-Marine-admits-to-taking-wartime-bribes-1207-20121207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2012 The Daily News


                              30 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           October 23, 2013 Wednesday

Alameda County residents indicted in international bribe scheme

BYLINE: By Katie Nelson Oakland Tribune

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; National; Local

LENGTH: 328 words


TEXAS -- Two Alameda County residents and one Houston native were indicted
Tuesday for plotting to bribe public officials to get Air Force contracts,
according to the U.S. attorney's office.

Court documents state that between 2007 and 2010, Fremont resident Sohail Amin,
29, and Dublin resident Lida Amin, 40, both private government contractors,
conspired with 32-year-old Houston resident Jeron Shelton Rochon, a member of
the U.S. Air Force, and others to bribe U.S. Air Force contracting officers so
that they could get military procurement contracts.

Between October 2007 and June 2008, in exchange for bribe offers and payments,
Rochon issued government contracts and coached Sohail Amin and Lida Amin on how
to bid for contracts. Sohail Amin paid bribes to Rochon in cash in both
Afghanistan and Dallas but told Rochon not to deposit large amounts of money
into the bank to avoid detection, according to court documents.

A federal indictment filed in August alleged that Lida Amin and her brother,
Nabil Amin, traveled to Budapest in September 2012 to meet with a U.S. Air Force
contract administrator to discuss details of a similar scheme.

The administrator was said to be someone who was formerly stationed in
Afghanistan, but was not named until Tuesday, when prosecutors in the Texas
indictment identified him as Rochon.

A future court date for Rochon has yet to be set. Sohail Amin is currently in
federal custody on another charge.

Lida Amin was arrested on Aug. 28 in Prague by Czech authorities when she
traveled to there to meet with Rochon. Plans are underway to attempt to
extradite her to the United States. Nabil Amin surrendered to U.S. authorities
on Oct. 7 but was not named in the indictment Tuesday.

If convicted, the defendants face a maximum penalty of five years in prison, a
$250,000 fine, and three years of supervised release for each count they face.

Contact Katie Nelson atknelson@bayareanewsgroup.com and follow her
atTwitter.com/katienelson210 .

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              31 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday

Alameda County residents indicted in international bribe scheme

BYLINE: By Katie Nelson Oakland Tribune

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 328 words


TEXAS -- Two Alameda County residents and one Houston native were indicted
Tuesday for plotting to bribe public officials to get Air Force contracts,
according to the U.S. attorney's office.

Court documents state that between 2007 and 2010, Fremont resident Sohail Amin,
29, and Dublin resident Lida Amin, 40, both private government contractors,
conspired with 32-year-old Houston resident Jeron Shelton Rochon, a member of
the U.S. Air Force, and others to bribe U.S. Air Force contracting officers so
that they could get military procurement contracts.

Between October 2007 and June 2008, in exchange for bribe offers and payments,
Rochon issued government contracts and coached Sohail Amin and Lida Amin on how
to bid for contracts. Sohail Amin paid bribes to Rochon in cash in both
Afghanistan and Dallas but told Rochon not to deposit large amounts of money
into the bank to avoid detection, according to court documents.

A federal indictment filed in August alleged that Lida Amin and her brother,
Nabil Amin, traveled to Budapest in September 2012 to meet with a U.S. Air Force
contract administrator to discuss details of a similar scheme.

The administrator was said to be someone who was formerly stationed in
Afghanistan, but was not named until Tuesday, when prosecutors in the Texas
indictment identified him as Rochon.

A future court date for Rochon has yet to be set. Sohail Amin is currently in
federal custody on another charge.

Lida Amin was arrested on Aug. 28 in Prague by Czech authorities when she
traveled to there to meet with Rochon. Plans are underway to attempt to
extradite her to the United States. Nabil Amin surrendered to U.S. authorities
on Oct. 7 but was not named in the indictment Tuesday.

If convicted, the defendants face a maximum penalty of five years in prison, a
$250,000 fine, and three years of supervised release for each count they face.

Contact Katie Nelson atknelson@bayareanewsgroup.com and follow her
atTwitter.com/katienelson210 .

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 12, 1990, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

FLORIDA MAN ADMITS DELIVERING 2 BRIBES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 254 words


A Florida resident admitted Thursday in U.S. District Court in St. Louis that he
delivered two bribes to an Internal Revenue Service agent.  He is the third
person to plead guilty in what authorities say was a scheme to pay the agent
$230,000 in bribes. The defendant, Carl Pugliese Jr., 44, of Parkland, Fla.,
pleaded guilty to three counts of bribery.  Federal prosecutors planned to drop
a conspiracy charge against Pugliese when he is sentenced Dec. 21 by Senior U.S.
District Judge John F. Nangle.  Pugliese admitted he paid a bribe of $11,100 in
August 1989 and another bribe of $7,300 last October. Later he offered the agent
an additional $1, 000 in cash and other property.  Bruce B. Margo, 44, of Boca
Raton, Fla., pleaded guilty two weeks ago, admitting that he also delivered
bribe money.  Pugliese delivered bribes meant to pay off the agent for wiping
out taxes owed by Howard Bloom of Fort Lauderdale, Fla.  Bloom, 39, pleaded
guilty last month of participating in a scheme to pay the IRS agent $35,000 to
''fix'' his delinquent federal income taxes.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              33 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 31, 2013 Thursday

Details emerge in jailer arrests

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 367 words


Jan. 31--More information has been released in connection with the arrest and
indictment of 13 former Ector County Correctional Facility employees.

The facility is a federal jail, run by Community Educational Centers, that rents
space in the Ector County Courthouse.

According to federal records, each of the 13 former jail employees has been
released from jail on $10,000 bonds.

Out of those arrested, 12 were jailers and one was a food service worker.

According to their indictments:

--The food service worker, Barbara Garrett, 52 of Andrews, was charged for
providing a cell phone for a $200 bribe on Dec. 14, 2012.

--Ashley Clark, 29 of Crane, was charged for providing cigarettes for a $100
bribe on Sept. 1, 2011.

--Jazmine Cruz, 19, of Odessa, was charged with providing cigarettes for a $400
bribe on Oct. 1, 2011.

--Valerie Arenivas, 22, of Odessa, was charged with providing marijuana and
cigarettes for a $100 bribe on Sept. 1, 2011.

--Charlette Smith, 46, of Odessa, was charged with providing a cell phone for a
$350 bribe on July 3, 2012.

--Jessica Smith, 33, of Monahans, was charged with providing Lortab painkillers
for a $50 bribe on Nov. 1, 2011.

--Jennifer Lopez, 25, of Odessa was charged with providing cell phones and
calling cards for a $200 bribe on Dec. 1, 2011.

--Jonathon Meza, 29, of Odessa, was charged with providing cigarettes for a $200
bribe on Sept. 1, 2012.

--Nancy Morales, 36, of Odessa, was charged with providing a cell phone and
charger for a $700 bribe on March 1, 2012.

--Gabriel Navarette, 23, of Odessa, was charged with providing cigarettes for a
$100 bribe on Nov. 1, 2011.

--Dennis Newsome, 63, of Austin, was charged with providing a cell phone for
$1,000 on July 6, 2012.

--Jovanna Olivarez, 21, of Odessa, was charged with providing a cell phone for a
$200 bribe on Feb. 15, 2012.

--Matthew Williams, 20, of Odessa, was charged with providing a cell phone for a
$500 bribe on June 8, 2012.

Follow Odessa American on twitter @OdessaAmerican, like us on Facebook at Odessa
American or call 432-333-7714 for the main newsroom line.

___ (c)2013 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130131-OD-Details-emerge-in-jailer-arrests-0131-20130131

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2013 Odessa American


                              34 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

New York: Former President Of The Costa Rican Soccer Federation And Member-Elect
Of The FIFA Executive Committee Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption
Charges

LENGTH: 634  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Eduardo Li pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud, and wire fraud conspiracy in connection
with his receipt of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media
and marketing rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches and his authorization
of international friendly matches played by the Costa Rican national soccer
team, among other conduct.  Li, the president of the Costa Rican soccer
federation (FEDEDUT) from 2007 to 2015, was a member-elect of the FIFA executive
committee at the time of his arrest in Zurich on May 27, 2015 and a member of
the CONCACAF executive committee from 2013 to 2015.  As part of his plea, Li
agreed to forfeit $668,000.  At sentencing, Li faces a maximum sentence of 20
years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place before United States
District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, Li
negotiated and accepted bribes totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars in
exchange for exercising his influence as the president of FEDEFUT to award a
Florida sports marketing company a contract for the media and marketing rights
to the Costa Rican national soccer team's home World Cup qualifier matches for
the 2022 edition of the World Cup.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank
accounts to Li using intermediaries in the United States and Costa Rica.  Li
also accepted tens of thousands of dollars in bribes, which were also
transmitted from bank accounts in the United States, in exchange for exercising
his influence as president of FEDEFUT to authorize friendly matches played by
the Costa Rican national soccer team.



 In addition, Li agreed to accept a $500,000 bribe from intermediaries in Panama
in exchange for exercising his influence as president of FEDEFUT to award an
American company the contract to serve as the uniform sponsor for the Costa
Rican national soccer team.  The intermediaries told Li not to tell anyone at
the uniform sponsor about the bribe.  Li received approximately $230,000 of the
bribe money from the intermediaries in cash United States currency in 2014 and
2015 but was arrested before he could receive the balance.



 Finally, Li embezzled for his own use over $90,000 of funds that FIFA sent to
FEDEFUT to support the 2014 Under 17 FIFA Women's World Cup soccer tournament,
which was held in Costa Rica.  Li diverted these funds through a scheme
involving bogus invoices.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2016 Monday

New York: Former President Of The Costa Rican Soccer Federation And Member-Elect
Of The FIFA Executive Committee Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption
Charges

LENGTH: 634  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Eduardo Li pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud, and wire fraud conspiracy in connection
with his receipt of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media
and marketing rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches and his authorization
of international friendly matches played by the Costa Rican national soccer
team, among other conduct.  Li, the president of the Costa Rican soccer
federation (FEDEDUT) from 2007 to 2015, was a member-elect of the FIFA executive
committee at the time of his arrest in Zurich on May 27, 2015 and a member of
the CONCACAF executive committee from 2013 to 2015.  As part of his plea, Li
agreed to forfeit $668,000.  At sentencing, Li faces a maximum sentence of 20
years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place before United States
District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, Li
negotiated and accepted bribes totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars in
exchange for exercising his influence as the president of FEDEFUT to award a
Florida sports marketing company a contract for the media and marketing rights
to the Costa Rican national soccer team's home World Cup qualifier matches for
the 2022 edition of the World Cup.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank
accounts to Li using intermediaries in the United States and Costa Rica.  Li
also accepted tens of thousands of dollars in bribes, which were also
transmitted from bank accounts in the United States, in exchange for exercising
his influence as president of FEDEFUT to authorize friendly matches played by
the Costa Rican national soccer team.



 In addition, Li agreed to accept a $500,000 bribe from intermediaries in Panama
in exchange for exercising his influence as president of FEDEFUT to award an
American company the contract to serve as the uniform sponsor for the Costa
Rican national soccer team.  The intermediaries told Li not to tell anyone at
the uniform sponsor about the bribe.  Li received approximately $230,000 of the
bribe money from the intermediaries in cash United States currency in 2014 and
2015 but was arrested before he could receive the balance.



 Finally, Li embezzled for his own use over $90,000 of funds that FIFA sent to
FEDEFUT to support the 2014 Under 17 FIFA Women's World Cup soccer tournament,
which was held in Costa Rica.  Li diverted these funds through a scheme
involving bogus invoices.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 12, 2013 Friday

Former Starr County sheriff's captain admits to taking drug bribes

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 581 words


April 12--MCALLEN -- The former Starr County Sheriff's Office captain in charge
of the county jail awaits sentencing after he admitted to accepting $30,000 in
bribes in exchange for turning over law enforcement information to drug
smugglers.

Romeo Javier Ramirez Jr., 41, quietly turned himself in to federal authorities
in Houston last month, where he pleaded guilty to one count of the Hobbs Act, a
federal law that prohibits public officials from accepting bribes, court records
show.

Ramirez admitted to accepting $30,000 in bribes from drug smugglers between
January 2006 and September 2008, according to superseding criminal information
unsealed following his arrest March 12.

A phone number listed for Ramirez has been disconnected. His lawyer, Eduardo Ray
Ramirez, did not respond to an email seeking comment after business hours
Thursday.

Ramirez faces up to 20 years in prison and $250,000 in fines. Sentencing in his
case is set for June 17 in Houston.

Attempts to reach Starr County Sheriff Rene Fuentes were unsuccessful, but Starr
County sheriff's Capt. Larry Fuentes said Ramirez worked for the office for
several years, most recently as the captain in charge of the jail, before his
resignation "a couple of months" ago.

Fuentes said he had not heard of Ramirez's legal trouble.

"That's news to me," he said. "You got me there."

An indictment that outlines a money laundering conspiracy at the hands of
Ramirez, also known as "Compadre Nacho," accuses him of detailing the location
of Texas Department of Public Safety troopers in late February 2008.

The indictment says Ramirez on Feb. 25, 2008, talked with an unidentified person
about avoiding DPS troopers, referred to as negros, or "the black ones," and the
possibility that he would have to hold onto drug cash.

On Feb. 26, a woman and Florentino Garcia -- named as a co-conspirator in the
case -- were arrested in McAllen with more than $2.4 million in drug cash, the
indictment states. That day, Ramirez talked about the arrest of a male and
female by DPS troopers and how the amount of money seized.

"The only thing is for them not to, not to, not to say anything," Ramirez said
in the telephone conversation, which was being monitored by federal authorities,
according to the indictment.

"I leave you in charge in case you hear something tomorrow," the unnamed person
told Ramirez over the phone.

"I am here if you need something," Ramirez told the unnamed person.

Ramirez then recommended others he spoke with over the phone continue talking
via two-way radios, a common method of communication for drug traffickers
including the Gulf Cartel.

The next day, on Feb. 27, federal authorities say Ramirez talked about meeting
with the leader of a "drug organization," the indictment states. He mentioned
how the criminals' phones "need to be thrown away," and how they talked about a
loan to pay for a lawyer an arrested co-conspirator.

And on Feb. 28, 2008, Ramirez talked with an unnamed co-conspirator about
obtaining a law enforcement report and having it translated into Spanish. He
also told "a leader of the conspiracy" that the Drug Enforcement Administration
knew about the $2.4 million and used DPS troopers to perform the traffic stop in
McAllen.

Jared Taylor is a metro editor at The Monitor. He can be reached at
jtaylor@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4439 or on Twitter, @JaredATaylor.

___ (c)2013 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130412-MC-Former-Starr-County-sheriff-s-captain-admits-to-taking-drug-
bribes-0412-20130412

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2013 The Monitor


                              37 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 6, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CONNECTICUT LIQUOR OFFICIAL CHARGED WITH BRIBE-TAKING

BYLINE: By RICHARD L. MADDEN fe,inf:HARTFORD, Nov. 5 -, Special to the New York
Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 717 words


The executive director of the State Liquor Control Commission was arrested today
and accused of taking $1,500 in bribes.

Law-enforcement officials said the charges against the official, Charles W.
Kasmer, developed out of a broader Federal investigation that resulted today in
the arrest of 45 people in New York and Connecticut on charges of bribing
undercover Internal Revenue Service agents.

Mr. Kasmer, 54 years old, an 18-year veteran of the liquor control agency, was
arrested this morning by the State Police at his office in the State Office
Building, across the street from the Capitol, and charged with bribe-receiving
and conspiracy to commit bribe-receiving.

He was accused of taking two bribes - $500 on July 7, 1986, and $1,000 on Aug.
6, 1986 - from an undercover I.R.S. agent posing as an associate of a fictitious
businessman seeking a broker's license to import liquor into the state.
Law-enforcement officials said the license was issued without the required
background checks.

A 'Sting' Operation

The Hartford County State's Attorney, John M. Bailey, said the bribes were
passed on both occasions at the same Hartford steak house and were videotaped as
part of a Federal-state ''sting'' operation.

According to the arrest warrant, Mr. Kasmer, on taking the first $500, was
''nervous because he thought that he was being 'set up.' '' The warrant said
that Mr. Kasmer put the $500 in a book of liquor laws, which he had brought to
the luncheon meeting.

The warrant said the sting originated after Federal agents, as part of a broader
five-year investigation into the bribing of I.R.S. agents, were told that Mr.
Kasmer was paid $500 in 1984 to fix a liquor-law violation at a Bridgeport bar.

Mr. Bailey said there was no evidence that other employees of the agency, which
licenses the sale and importation of alcoholic beverages, had taken bribes. He
said that the investigation of Mr. Kasmer was continuing and that search
warrants were served on the agency today to obtain the files for six other
licenses.

Arrest Was Delayed

Mr. Bailey said that at the request of Federal authorities Mr. Kasmer was not
arrested until today, when the other arrests were announced. Mr. Bailey said the
state did not want to jeopardize the Federal investigation or the life of the
undercover Federal agent.

Mr. Kasmer, in shirtsleeves, wearing a tie but no suit jacket, appeared briefly
this afternoon in Hartford Superior Court, where Judge Raymond R. Norko set bond
of $25,000 and a hearing on Nov. 19. Mr. Kasmer did not enter a plea.

Mr. Kasmer's lawyer, Timothy C. Moynahan, said he had not had time to discuss
the case or the defense strategy with his client. If convicted, Mr. Kasmer could
be sentenced to 10 years in prison. Mr. Kasmer, who is vice chairman of the
Democratic Party in Bristol, his hometown, was an appointee of the State Liquor
Control Commission, whose three members were appointed by Gov. William A.
O'Neill. Commission members said they would meet Friday to decide whether to
suspend Mr. Kasmer from his $53,755-a-year post.

''I certainly am extremely disappointed in any state employee that is
arrested,'' Mr. O'Neill told reporters. He said that he had known of the
investigation for ''15 or 16 months.''

Priest Is Charged

In the I.R.S. investigation, the United States Attorney for Connecticut, Stanley
A. Twardy Jr., said Federal agents had arrested 10 people in the state
-including a Greek Orthodox priest, a doctor and seven businessmen - and 35
people in New York.

The Connecticut residents were accused of paying a total of $120,000 in bribes
to I.R.S. undercover agents in an attempt to avoid paying taxes.

Mr. Twardy said the primary intermediary between the bribe givers and agents was
the priest, the Rev. Eleftherios Stavrakis, 48, of New Milford, part owner of
the Financial Passbook and Printing Company in Bethel and the pastor of St.
Gerasimos Church in Manhattan. Most of the other suspects own restaurants and
diners in New York, New Jersey and Connecticut, officials said.

The payments were made to agents to fix or eliminate a broad range of taxes, Mr.
Twardy said.

If convicted, each defendant could be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison and
fined up to three times the amount of the bribes paid, he said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              38 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Florida Couple Pleads Guilty for Roles in Procurement Contract
Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 900  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Florida couple who owned a military contracting company pleaded guilty today
in federal court in Salt Lake City for their roles in a bribery and fraud scheme
involving federal procurement contracts, announced Assistant Attorney General
Lanny A. Breuer of the Justice Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney
David B. Barlow for the District of Utah.

Sylvester Zugrav, 70, of Sarasota, Fla., pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit
bribery and procurement fraud. His wife, Maria Zugrav, 67, also of Sarasota,
pleaded guilty to misprision of a felony related to her efforts to conceal the
conspiracy. The Zugravs were charged in an indictment, returned on Oct. 12,
2011, along with Jose Mendez, 51, of Farr West, Utah, a procurement program
manager for the U.S. Air Force Foreign Materials Acquisition Support Office
(FMASO) at Hill Air Force Base, in Ogden, Utah.

Mendez was charged in the indictment with conspiracy, bribery and procurement
fraud, and has since pleaded guilty to all charges and agreed to forfeit more
than $180,000 he received as part of the bribery scheme and awaits sentencing.

According to court documents, the Zugravs owned Atlas International Trading
Company, a business that contracted to provide foreign military materials to the
U.S. government through FMASO.

In his plea agreement, Sylvester Zugrav admitted that, from 2008 through August
2011, he gave Mendez more than $180,000 in bribe payments, and offered Mendez
more than $1.05 million in additional bribe payments contingent upon Atlas's
receipt of future contracts with FMASO. In exchange for Sylvester Zugrav's bribe
payments and offers, Mendez ensured that Atlas and Sylvester Zugrav received
favorable treatment in connection with procurement contracts, including, among
other things, assisting Atlas in obtaining and maintaining procurement
contracts; assisting Atlas in receiving payments on such contracts; and
providing Atlas with contract bid or proposal information or source selection
information before the award of procurement contracts.

In her plea agreement, Maria Zugrav admitted that she was aware of Sylvester
Zugrav's bribe payments to Mendez and assisted with concealment of the crime.
According to court records, Sylvester Zugrav provided bribe payments to Mendez
in three ways: cash payments via Federal Express to Mendez's residential
address; in-person payments of cash and other things of value; and electronic
wire transfers to a bank account in Mexico opened by and in the name of Mendez's
cousin. Between November 2009 and August 2011, Sylvester Zugrav sent nine FedEx
packages to Mendez's home address. Each package contained $5,000 in cash, except
the last package, containing $3,000, which was seized by law enforcement. Maria
Zugrav assisted her husband and Mendez's bribe scheme by limiting cash
withdrawals from Atlas' bank account to not more than $5,000 to avoid scrutiny
by banking officials and law enforcement.

 According to the plea documents, on multiple occasions when Sylvester Zugrav
and Mendez traveled to the same location, Sylvester Zugrav would give Mendez
cash payments and other things of value. From 2008 through August 2011,
Sylvester Zugrav gave Mendez seven in-person cash payments ranging from $500 to
$10,000, and purchased a laptop computer and software package worth over $2,900.

As Mendez admitted, during the course of the corrupt scheme, Mendez opened a
foreign bank account so that Sylvester Zugrav could pay Mendez larger bribe
payments. Mendez asked his cousin in Mexico to open an account there. After the
account was opened by Mendez's cousin, Maria Zugrav made wire transfers to the
bank account located in Mexico in the name of Mendez's cousin to avoid detection
of the larger bribe payments by law enforcement. From 2008 through August 2011,
Maria Zugrav sent 10 wire transfers to the Mexico account ranging from $350 to
$26,700.

Court records also describe additional steps taken to conceal the bribery
scheme, including creating and using covert e-mail accounts, using encrypted
documents, adopting false names and using code words. For instance, to avoid
detection of their e-mail communications, Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez
established e-mail accounts to be used only to communicate requests and offers
for bribe payments. Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez also created password-protected
documents for e-mail communications, and used code words and false names. Within
the encrypted documents, Mendez adopted the moniker "Chuco" and Sylvester Zugrav
used the codename "Jugo." They referred to cash as "literature."

Sylvester Zugrav faces a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine on the conspiracy count, and Maria Zugrav faces a maximum penalty
of three years in prison and a $250,000 fine on the misprision count. Sentencing
for the Zugravs is scheduled for June 19, 2013.

The case was investigated by the FBI and the Air Force Office of Special
Investigations. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Marquest J.
Meeks and Edward P. Sullivan of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Carlos A. Esqueda for the District of Utah and
Trial Attorney Deborah Curtis of the National Security Division's
Counterespionage Section.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          December 23, 2015 Wednesday

New York Health Care Professional Sentenced to Prison; Another Pleads Guilty in
Connection with Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 721  words


NEWARK, NJA physicians assistant was sentenced to prison, and a doctor admitted
taking bribes in connection with a long-running and elaborate test referral
scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany,
New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced today.

Leonard Marchetta, 49, of Staten Island, New York, a physicians assistant who
previously pleaded guilty to one count of accepting bribes, was sentenced to 42
months in prison. Bret Ostrager, 50, of Woodbury, New York, a doctor with
practices in Nassau County, New York, pleaded guilty to Count One, Count Two and
Count Five of an indictment charging him with conspiracy to violate the
Anti-Kickback Statute and the Federal Travel Act by accepting bribes, one
substantive violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, and one substantive
violation of the Federal Travel Act. Both the sentencing and plea hearing took
place today before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal
court.

Marchetta and Ostrager are two of the 39 people26 of them doctorswho have
pleaded guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case. The investigation has to date recovered more than
$12 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Marchetta previously admitted that he accepted bribes in return for referring
patient blood specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $3,000 per month.
Marchettas referrals generated approximately $660,000 in lab business for BLS.

Ostrager admitted today that, between February 2011 and April 2013, he received
monthly cash bribes of approximately $3,300 from BLS employees and associates.
He periodically solicited and received from the BLS employees and associates
tickets and meals that cost thousands of dollars. These additional bribes in
response to specific requests from Ostrager included tickets to a New York Mets
baseball game, a New York Knicks basketball game, a Katy Perry concert, a Justin
Bieber concert, and the Broadway show Newsies. In exchange, Ostrager referred
patient blood samples to BLS. Ostragers referrals generated approximately
$909,000 in lab business for BLS.

Each count to which Ostrager pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential penalty
of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss
from the offense. His sentencing is scheduled for March 29, 2016.

In addition to the prison term he received today, Marchetta must serve three
years of supervised release and forfeit $72,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector
General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; and
IRSCriminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Jonathan D. Larsen with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish,
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorneys
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the offices Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorneys Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $640 million in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel:

Marchetta: Leo Duval Esq., Staten Island

Ostrager: Marc Agnifilo Esq., New York 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 1, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test Referrals Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A pediatrician with a practice in Staten Island and Brooklyn, New York, admitted
today he accepted bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey; its president; and numerous associates, New Jersey U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Demetrios Gabriel, 46, of Brooklyn pleaded guilty today before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Gabriel, 24 people--13 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Gabriel admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid more than $4,500 per month. Gabriel received a
flat fee of $3,000 per month in cash, plus additional cash based on the number
of patient blood samples his pediatric practice referred to BLS each month. In
addition, Gabriel received $1,500 per month through credit card payments to a
restaurant he owns.

The bribery count to which Gabriel pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
July 18, 2014. As part of his guilty plea, Gabriel agreed to forfeit $200,000,
representing the bribes he received from BLS.

The investigation has recovered more than $7 million to date through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $520 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution, and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act; the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and
other statutes.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Florida Couple Pleads Guilty to Roles in Procurement Contract
Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 902  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Florida couple who owned a military contracting company pleaded guilty today
in federal court in Salt Lake City in connection with their roles in a bribery
and fraud scheme involving federal procurement contracts, announced Assistant
Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer of the Justice Department's Criminal Division
and U.S. Attorney David B. Barlow for the District of Utah.

Sylvester Zugrav, 70, of Sarasota, Florida, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to
commit bribery and procurement fraud. His wife, Maria Zugrav, 67, also of
Sarasota, pleaded guilty to misprision of a felony related to her efforts to
conceal the conspiracy. The Zugravs were charged in an indictment, returned on
October 12, 2011, along with Jose Mendez, 51, of Farr West, Utah, a procurement
program manager for the U.S. Air Force Foreign Materials Acquisition Support
Office (FMASO) at Hill Air Force Base, in Ogden, Utah.

Mendez was charged in the indictment with conspiracy, bribery, and procurement
fraud and has since pleaded guilty to all charges and agreed to forfeit more
than $180,000 he received as part of the bribery scheme and awaits sentencing.

According to court documents, the Zugravs owned Atlas International Trading
Company, a business that contracted to provide foreign military materials to the
U.S. government through FMASO.

In his plea agreement, Sylvester Zugrav admitted that from 2008 through August
2011, he gave Mendez more than $180,000 in bribe payments and offered Mendez
more than $1.05 million in additional bribe payments contingent upon Atlas'
receipt of future contracts with FMASO. In exchange for Sylvester Zugrav's bribe
payments and offers, Mendez ensured that Atlas and Sylvester Zugrav received
favorable treatment in connection with procurement contracts, including, among
other things, assisting Atlas in obtaining and maintaining procurement
contracts; assisting Atlas in receiving payments on such contracts; and
providing Atlas with contract bid or proposal information or source selection
information before the award of procurement contracts.

In her plea agreement, Maria Zugrav admitted that she was aware of Sylvester
Zugrav's bribe payments to Mendez and assisted with concealment of the crime.
According to court records, Sylvester Zugrav provided bribe payments to Mendez
in three ways: cash payments via Federal Express to Mendez's residential
address; in-person payments of cash and other things of value; and electronic
wire transfers to a bank account in Mexico opened by and in the name of Mendez's
cousin. Between November 2009 and August 2011, Sylvester Zugrav sent nine FedEx
packages to Mendez's home address. Each package contained $5,000 in cash, except
the last package, containing $3,000, which was seized by law enforcement. Maria
Zugrav assisted her husband and Mendez's bribe scheme by limiting cash
withdrawals from Atlas' bank account to not more than $5,000 to avoid scrutiny
by banking officials and law enforcement.

According to the plea documents, on multiple occasions when Sylvester Zugrav and
Mendez traveled to the same location, Sylvester Zugrav would give Mendez cash
payments and other things of value. From 2008 through August 2011, Sylvester
Zugrav gave Mendez seven in-person cash payments ranging from $500 to $10,000
and purchased a laptop computer and software package worth over $2,900.

As Mendez admitted, during the course of the corrupt scheme, Mendez opened a
foreign bank account so that Sylvester Zugrav could pay Mendez larger bribe
payments. Mendez asked his cousin in Mexico to open an account there. After the
account was opened by Mendez's cousin, Maria Zugrav made wire transfers to the
bank account located in Mexico in the name of Mendez's cousin to avoid detection
of the larger bribe payments by law enforcement. From 2008 through August 2011,
Maria Zugrav sent 10 wire transfers to the Mexico account ranging from $350 to
$26,700.

Court records also describe additional steps taken to conceal the bribery
scheme, including creating and using covert e-mail accounts, using encrypted
documents, adopting false names, and using code words. For instance, to avoid
detection of their e-mail communications, Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez
established e-mail accounts to be used only to communicate requests and offers
for bribe payments. Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez also created password-protected
documents for e-mail communications and used code words and false names. Within
the encrypted documents, Mendez adopted the moniker "Chuco" and Sylvester Zugrav
used the codename "Jugo." They referred to cash as "literature."

Sylvester Zugrav faces a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine on the conspiracy count, and Maria Zugrav faces a maximum penalty
of three years in prison and a $250,000 fine on the misprision count. Sentencing
for the Zugravs is scheduled for June 19, 2013.

The case was investigated by the FBI and the Air Force Office of Special
Investigations. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Marquest J.
Meeks and Edward P. Sullivan of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Carlos A. Esqueda for the District of Utah, and
Trial Attorney Deborah Curtis of the National Security Division's
Counterespionage Section.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 28, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TOPICS OF THE TIMES;
A Culture of Restaurant Sleaze

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 2; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 162 words


Last month's indictment of 28 present and former New York City restaurant
inspectors for extorting bribes sent a loud warning. Apparently, however, it
wasn't loud enough.

Barely three weeks after the scandal broke, the city's Health Commissioner, Dr.
Stephen Joseph, reported that some Manhattan restaurant operators were offering
bribes to health inspectors in hopes of persuading them to overlook health
violations.

In one case, the restaurateur stuffed a huge wad of bills into an inspector's
pocket. The health agent threw the money to the floor.

Last month the city declined to prosecute any of the bribe-givers in the
scandal, saying the restaurant owners were victims of health inspectors'
bullying. The six new bribe offers, which have been referred to the Department
of Investigations, suggest that at least some of the bribe-givers may be as
guilty as bribe-takers.

If the city is truly serious about ending the cycle of sleaze, it ought to go
after both.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              43 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Doctor Sentenced to 37 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in
Test-Referrals Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A pediatrician with a practice in Staten Island and Brooklyn, New York, was
sentenced today to 37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test
referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Demetrios Gabriel, 47, of Brooklyn, previously pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count
of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark federal
court.

Including Gabriel, 33 people--22 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. According to
documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in court:

Gabriel admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid more than $4,500 per month. Gabriel received a
flat fee of $3,000 per month in cash, plus additional cash based on the number
of patient blood samples his pediatric practice referred to BLS each month. In
addition, Gabriel received $1,500 per month through credit card payments to a
restaurant he owns.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Gabriel to one year of
supervised release and fined him $75,000.

The investigation has recovered more than $10.3 million to date through
forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $620 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Doctor Sentenced to 37 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in
Test-Referrals Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 537  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:
A pediatrician with a practice in Staten Island and Brooklyn, New York, was
sentenced today to 37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test
referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Demetrios Gabriel, 47, of Brooklyn, previously pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count
of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark federal
court.

Including Gabriel, 33 people--22 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. According to
documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in court:

Gabriel admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid more than $4,500 per month. Gabriel received a
flat fee of $3,000 per month in cash, plus additional cash based on the number
of patient blood samples his pediatric practice referred to BLS each month. In
addition, Gabriel received $1,500 per month through credit card payments to a
restaurant he owns.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Gabriel to one year of
supervised release and fined him $75,000.

The investigation has recovered more than $10.3 million to date through
forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $620 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Former Leavenworth Prison Guard Sentenced for Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Western District of
Arkansas has issued the following news release:



  A former guard at the U.S. Penitentiary in Leavenworth was sentenced to two
years on probation Monday for taking bribes, Acting U.S. Attorney Tom Beall
said. In addition, he was ordered to serve six months home confinement and pay
$4,800 in fines.





 Michael Harston, 53, Kansas City, Mo., pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to accept bribes and one count of accepting bribes. In his plea, he
admitted accepting bribes to provide inmates with tobacco, which is contraband.
Inmates coordinated with their families and friends outside prison to pay
Harston. They paid Harston as much as $1,000 for one six-ounce can of Bugler
loose tobacco.



 Beall commended the FBI, the Justice Department's Office of Inspector General
Special, USP Leavenworth SIS and Assistant U.S. Attorney Leena Ramana for their
work on the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 26, 1991, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

PARENT & CHILD

BYLINE: By Lawrence Kutner

SECTION: Section C; Page 11; Column 1; Home Desk

LENGTH: 1088 words


THE boy wasn't getting good grades in junior high school. His parents had tried
everything from hiring tutors to lecturing him about how important his school
records would be for the rest of his life, all to no avail. Finally, they
decided to bribe him. They gave him a credit card.

"It was a major disaster," said Dr. Peter A. Spevak, the director of the Center
for Applied Motivation in Washington, who later worked with the family. "The boy
spent several hundred dollars a week on things for himself and his friends, but
his grades were still bad."

There are several reasons the parents' approach failed, of course. It didn't
address the boy's emotional needs. The use of the credit card was not contingent
upon his studying and other behaviors the parents hoped for. But what's
particularly striking is how out-of-proportion and inappropriate it was, even
for a blatant bribe.

All parents resort to bribing their children at some point. It's usually a
last-ditch effort aimed at quieting a preschooler who is whining loudly in the
checkout line or controlling an older child on the brink of a social disaster.
The promise of a pizza, a toy or a few extra dollars can have dramatic, if
temporary, effects on a child's behavior.

"I call this the 'chaos imperative,' " said Dr. Raymond J. Wlodkowski, a
psychologist at Antioch University in Seattle who studies children's motivation.
"When parents feel desperate, they look for ways to buy their way out of a
problem."

But what happens if bribery becomes the main technique parents use? Is a little
bribery such a bad thing?

"In the short run, bribes produce a high degree of effort from children," said
Dr. Martin E. Ford, an associate professor of education at Stanford University.
"But they can have negative long-term consequences."

Those problems are most likely when a child is repeatedly bribed and comes to
depend on bribes, even for ordinary tasks. Small external rewards, like a shiny
sticker, a piece of candy or a few complimentary words, are powerful incentives
for young children. The reward helps them focus their efforts on a task until
they can see and feel for themselves the benefits of what they have done. A
preschooler, for example, may not understand the value of cleaning his room or
of washing his hands before dinner. A new dinosaur sticker for his collection or
some extra attention provides enough of a reward until he grows older and has
stronger internal motivations.

One problem with bribery is that instead of acting as a transition to these
internal motivations, it can become the primary focus of the child's efforts.
The natural rewards that come with doing a job well or being part of a group are
overshadowed and go unnoticed, making it less likely that the child will do the
job again without another bribe.

In addition, any behavior associated with a bribe can immediately become suspect
in children's eyes. They reason, sometimes with great accuracy, that if their
parents offer them something expensive or unusual for trying a new food, for
example, it must really taste bad.

"Cleaning the table or washing the dishes may not be very interesting
activities, but children naturally enjoy doing things like that if they feel
they're helping make their family work," said Dr. Edward L. Deci, a professor of
psychology and the director of the Human Motivation Program at the University of
Rochester. "If parents offer a bribe to do them, however, that makes these
activities appear much less attractive."

So telling a child who dislikes arithmetic that you will give him $20 for
finishing his homework problems -- which is clearly a bribe since he should be
doing them anyway -- is likely to backfire by making the arithmetic even less
attractive. At the same time, offering a bribe can make children see the bribe
itself as less valuable or enticing than it otherwise would be.

"Children tend to minimize the importance of any bribe," Dr. Spevak said. "They
figure, 'If you're offering me $20, it's not worth $20.' "

An occasional bribe, whether in response to a crisis or simply at a time when a
parent wants a little peace and quiet, probably won't lead to large problems
later on. The thing to keep in mind is that you want the child eventually to be
motivated and rewarded by the task itself. "Clearly, it's best to offer the
smallest reward necessary to get the job done," Dr. Ford said.

How to Avoid, or Interrupt, a Cycle of Bribery

A CHILD who has been repeatedly bribed will tend to up the ante for every new
request a parent makes. Here are some things you can do to avoid that problem,
or to break the cycle if you feel you've been bribing your children too much:

Focus your attention on your child's behavior instead of the results or the
reward.

That helps with the transition to the child's own internal motivation and sense
of accomplishment. If you're concerned about your child's grades, for example,
praise him or offer other small rewards for daily studying -- the behavior you
really want and that your child can control -- instead of waiting for report
cards.

"If you put a lot of emphasis on the reward instead of on conveying a sense of
appreciation for your child's behavior, the child is more likely to become
dependent on the reward," said Dr. Edward L. Deci, the director of the Human
Motivation Program at the University of Rochester.

Remember how tremendously reinforcing some extra attention from you is for your
children.

Parents sometimes feel they have to use more and more expensive rewards, when
what their children really want them to do is spend more time with them.

"I hear parents tell their children that they'll give them $10 for every 'A' on
their report card, as if that relieves those parents of responsibility until the
grades come out," said Dr. Peter A. Spevak, the director of the Center for
Applied Motivation in Washington.

If you want to break the cycle of bribery, do it dramatically.

Hold a family meeting. Announce that there are going to be some significant
changes.

"Be very clear and explicit about the new rules," said Dr. Martin E. Ford, an
associate professor of education at Stanford University who studies children's
motivation. "Apologize to your children for having bribed them. Remember, you
can expect them to challenge you to see how serious you are."

Dr. Raymond J. Wlodkowski, a psychologist at Antioch University in Seattle,
advises: "Don't get hung up on your own guilt. Be glad you realized what was
happening, and move on."

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              47 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Doctor Sentenced to 16 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in
Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 503  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

NEWARK, NJ--An internist with a practice in Montclair, New Jersey, was sentenced
today to 16 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals
as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Charles Goldberg, 61, of West Orange, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Goldberg imposed the sentence today in
in Newark federal court.

Including Goldberg, 34 people--23 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in these and related cases and statements made in
court:

Goldberg admitted accepting bribes of $1,800 per month through a sham lease
agreement with BLS, which identified the waiting room, bathroom and one
examination room in Goldberg's office as being leased.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Goldberg to one year of
supervised release and fined him $50,000. As part of his guilty plea, Goldberg
must forfeit $58,000, representing the bribes he received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS--Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: New York Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New
Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

NEWARK, NJ--A doctor with a practice in Rockville Centre, New York, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Brett Halper, 41, of Glen Head, New York, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Halper, 38 people--26 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.5 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Halper admitted that from January 2011 through April 2013, he accepted bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was often paid in excess
of $5,000 per month. Halper's referrals generated approximately $2,900,000 in
lab business for BLS.

The bribery count to which Halper pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
June 30, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

Doctor Sentenced to 37 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals
Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A pediatrician with a practice in Staten Island and Brooklyn, New York, was
sentenced today to 37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test
referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Demetrios Gabriel, 47, of Brooklyn, previously pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count
of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark federal
court.

Including Gabriel, 33 people - 22 of them physicians - have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Gabriel admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid more than $4,500 per month. Gabriel received a
flat fee of $3,000 per month in cash, plus additional cash based on the number
of patient blood samples his pediatric practice referred to BLS each month. In
addition, Gabriel received $1,500 per month through credit card payments to a
restaurant he owns.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Gabriel to one year of
supervised release and fined him $75,000.

The investigation has recovered more than $10.3 million to date through
forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $620 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Doctor Sentenced to 37 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals
Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 538  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A pediatrician with a practice in Staten Island and Brooklyn, New York, was
sentenced today to 37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test
referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Demetrios Gabriel, 47, of Brooklyn, previously pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count
of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark federal
court.

Including Gabriel, 33 people - 22 of them physicians - have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Gabriel admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid more than $4,500 per month. Gabriel received a
flat fee of $3,000 per month in cash, plus additional cash based on the number
of patient blood samples his pediatric practice referred to BLS each month. In
addition, Gabriel received $1,500 per month through credit card payments to a
restaurant he owns.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Gabriel to one year of
supervised release and fined him $75,000.

The investigation has recovered more than $10.3 million to date through
forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $620 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

Ciminelli, executives charged in Buffalo Billion probe

BYLINE: Rick Pfeiffer, Lockport Union-Sun & Journal, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1419 words


Sept. 23--BUFFALO -- He was arraigned in the courthouse he built.

Roused from his bed before 7 a.m. Thursday, Louis P. Ciminelli was led from his
home in handcuffs, past his wife, and taken to U.S. District Court in Buffalo, a
building that his company had constructed, to face charges of wire fraud and
bribery.

The high-profile developer and political power player, along with two other
LPCiminelli development company executives, stands accused of paying an Albany
lobbyist $100,000 to rig the bidding process for the $750 million Solar City
complex construction project, a part of the Buffalo Billion program.

Charged alongside Ciminelli were Pendleton resident Kevin Schuler, a senior vice
president with the company, and Michael Laipple, LPCiminelli's Infrastructure
Division president.

"Today's complaint sheds a light on the sordid 'show me the money' culture in
Albany," said Preet Bharara, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New
York. "(It was) hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for hundreds of
millions of dollars in business."

The charges are contained in a criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court
in Manhattan. The indictment follows a year-long investigation by agents in the
FBI's Buffalo Field Office, along with investigators from Bharara's office.

"We came across this during another (ongoing) investigation," Adam Cohen, FBI
Special Agent-in-Charge of the Buffalo Office, said. "Our investigators are very
seasoned, but it didn't take a seasoned investigator to see things were amiss
and then it became much bigger than we originally thought (it would be)."

Ciminelli, Schuler and Laipple are accused of paying bribes to Todd Howe, who
had been hired by Alain Kaloyeros, the president of SUNY Polytechnic Institute,
to help administer the Buffalo Billion initiative and related programs.
Oversight of the Buffalo Billion has been under the direction of Kaloyeros and
others, like Howe, at SUNY Poly.

The federal complaint charges that Howe and Kaloyeros secretly rigged the bids
on lucrative state-funded contracts to ensure that LPCiminelli and a
Syracuse-based developer would win them.

The complaint also charges Joseph Percoco, the former executive deputy secretary
to Gov. Andrew Cuomo, Kaloyeros, energy company executive Peter Galbraith Kelly
Jr. and Syracuse developers Steven Aiello and Joseph Gerardi with multiple
counts of extortion, honest services fraud, solicitation of bribes, payment of
bribes, wire fraud and lying to the FBI in connection with actions taken on
state projects other than the Buffalo Billion.

Percoco, in particular, is accused of soliciting and accepting more than
$315,000 in bribes.

"Percoco was persistent in looking for bribes," Bharara said.

Howe has already pleaded guilty for his role in both public corruption schemes.
In U.S. District Court in Manhattan, he entered his plea to an eight-count
criminal information that included charges of honest services fraud, extortion,
wire fraud, conspiracy to commit bribery and tax evasion. As part of his guilty
plea, Howe has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors and forfeit cash or property
he acquired from Ciminelli and others.

"These arrests speak volumes to those who, as alleged in the complaint,
arrogantly took what was not theirs," Cohen said. "Each of them allegedly broke
the law because they chose greed, and, as a result, personally tarnished an
historic opportunity. The Buffalo Billion should have helped re-grow Buffalo.
Those projects are now tarnished."

Bharara said both Howe and Percoco discussed the bribes they were paid in emails
discovered by investigators. Using a term for money often used by characters in
the TV show "The Sopranos," the pair referred to the payments as "ziti."

"Keep the ziti coming, they wrote," Bharara said. " And don't turn over the ziti
wagon."

According to the complaint, the so-called "Buffalo Billion Fraud and Bribery
Scheme" began in 2013.

Kaloyeros, who oversaw the application process for many of the state grants
awarded under the Buffalo Billion, hired Howe, a lobbyist by trade, to assist
with developing the projects and identifying developers for them. Howe then
solicited and received bribes and "gratuity payments" from both the Syracuse
developer and from Ciminelli and his company executives.

In exchange for the bribe payments, Howe worked with Kaloyeros to tailor the
required qualifications for development deals so that LPCiminelli and the
Syracuse developer would be awarded the contracts without any meaningful
competition.

According to the complaint, Kaloyeros would oversee the drafting of requests for
proposals (RFPs) for the Buffalo Billion and others projects and Howe would
secretly solicit, from Ciminelli, Laipple, Schuler and the Syracuse developer,
qualifications to be put in RFPs that specifically applied to their companies.

Federal agents say that during 2013 and 2014, LPCiminelli hired Howe as a
"consultant" and paid him $100,000 a year. The agents said Ciminelli, Laipple
and Schuler knew that Howe was also working for SUNY Poly as a consultant.

The contract with Howe was arranged by Schuler, who in addition to his position
at LPCiminelli has also served as a director of the Niagara County Industrial
Development Agency, a director of the Niagara Tourism and Convention Corporation
and as a trustee of Niagara County Community College. Schuler resigned his
positions with NCCC and NTCC in October 2015, citing an "increased workload" at
LPCiminelli.

Howe has told federal agents that Ciminelli, Laipple and Schuler knew about his
relationship with SUNY Poly and that he had "substantial influence" with
Kaloyeros (in the bidding process). In the complaint, prosecutors claim, Howe
told investigators he had told Ciminelli directly that he was "acting on behalf
of the Office of the Governor" in creating development projects in the Buffalo
area.

LPCiminelli, whose projects in addition to the federal courthouse in Buffalo
include Niagara Falls Police headquarters and Niagara Falls City Court, the NCCC
Culinary Institute, the new Maid of the Mist winter docks and a half dozen
Niagara Falls School District projects, is a heavy hitter in political
fundraising circles and a large donor to Cuomo.

Between December 2009 and January 2014, Ciminelli and his immediate family
members contributed at least $100,000 to Cuomo's election campaigns. In November
2013, as his bid for the Solar City project was pending, Ciminelli hosted a
fundraising dinner for Cuomo that brought in $250,000.

Howe also told investigators that the RFP for the Solar City project was
designed so that LPCiminelli would have to be the preferred developer. According
to investigators the RFP contained "seven bullet points" provided to Howe by
Laipple.

Ciminelli was also provided with advance notice on the proposed Riverbend
location for Solar City.

The final RFP for Solar City initially required "50 years of experience by a
local developer," a qualification touted by Ciminelli Development in its company
promotional materials. That requirement was later changed to 15 years of
experience.

Emails obtained by federal agents show that when Schuler was made aware of the
50 years' experience requirement, he replied, "Fifty was a bit obnoxious."

Bharara had another view.

"It was more than obnoxious," he said. "It was criminal."

Schuler, in another email, called the revision to 15 years' experience "still
pretty good."

Neither Ciminelli, Laipple nor Schuler spoke publicly after their arraignment.
All three pleaded not guilty and were released from custody on bond.

The development company released a statement that read, "We are confident that
all company officials acted appropriately and legally. When given the
opportunity to fully respond to these charges, we are confident everyone will be
vindicated. The company will have no further comment at this time."

Ciminelli's defense attorney, Daniel Oliverio, said his client did nothing
wrong.

"These allegations are a complete mischaracterization of the facts," he said.
"These men are innocent. There is no plea. We are going to trial and we're going
to be acquitted. We have employees and a company we want to vindicate."

Bharara said he's ready to head to court.

"I really do hope there's a trial in this case, Bharara said, "so all New
Yorkers can see the gory details of what this government has been up to."

___ (c)2016 the Lockport Union-Sun & Journal (Lockport, N.Y.) Visit the Lockport
Union-Sun & Journal (Lockport, N.Y.) at lockportjournal.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160923-XL-Ciminelli-executives-charged-in-Buffalo-Billion-probe-0923-20160923

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XL


                  Copyright 2016 Lockport Union-Sun & Journal


                              52 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 30, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Mercer Is Charged With Trying to Fix a Fight

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI

SECTION: Section B; Page 11; Column 2; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 770 words


Ray Mercer was arraigned yesterday on a charge of sports bribery, accused of
repeatedly offering Jesse Ferguson $100,000 to lose during their Feb. 6
heavyweight fight at Madison Square Garden.

District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau said Mercer, 32, was arrested Sunday in
Indianapolis and was charged yesterday in Manhattan. He was released on his own
recognizance despite a request of $10,000 bail by the District Attorney's
office.

Morgenthau said at a news conference yesterday that Ferguson, who won in a
unanimous decision, was not a subject of the investigation even though Ferguson
did not report the alleged bribe attempt to authorities. However, Ferguson
reportedly told his corner that Mercer was offering him money to lose.

Mercer had a contract worth at least $1.5 million and as much as $2.5 million to
fight heavyweight champion Riddick Bowe after Ferguson. But the title shot was
contingent on Mercer's defeating Ferguson, a 35-year-old journeyman who had lost
four of his previous five fights and who was noted more as a sparring partner of
top fighters than for defeating them.

Ferguson, who had come in with an 18-9 record and had never earned more than
$45,000 in a fight, defeated an obviously out-of-shape Mercer. It was only
Mercer's second loss in 22 fights, and it was Ferguson who was given a title
shot and a $400,000 payday when he faced Bowe last month. Bowe finished him
shortly after the second round began.

Morgenthau's office said Mercer, the 1988 Olympic heavyweight gold medal winner,
could be heard making bribe offers to Ferguson during clinches on a videotape
provided by HBO.

Although the cable network did not televise the fight, which was on the
undercard of the Bowe-Michael Dokes title bout, HBO did tape the 10-rounder
while testing its equipment.

"The tapes confirmed that Mercer repeatedly attempted to persuade Ferguson to
let Mercer win," Morgenthau said at the news conference. "I don't think I want
to comment on what Ferguson said."

Dominick Amorosa, Mercer's lawyer, said: "He's innocent. He's a nine-year
veteran of the Army, an Army brat. Never even had a traffic ticket."

Mercer was charged with a Class D felony, which is punishable by up to seven
years in prison. However, it is not a crime calling for a mandatory prison term.

Mercer has not fought since losing to Ferguson and was training in his hometown
of Indianapolis at the time of his arrest.

An odd element of the alleged bribe is that it came during the fight and not
before. One possible explanation is that Mercer was "trash-talking," or trying
to lull Ferguson into a false sense of security and let down his guard. It is a
common ploy in boxing.

'I Could Hear the Bribe Offer'

But Randy Gordon, the State Athletic Commissioner, while conceding that this
sort of talking goes on during fights, said yesterday that he had heard and seen
the fight tape. "I got a little bit of a look, maybe 10 percent, but I could
hear the bribe offer," said Gordon.

He said this was not typical trash talk, in which one fighter tries to psych the
other. "They'll say, 'I'll kill you,' things like that. I've never heard of one
boxer offering a bribe to another, though," said Gordon.

HBO provided only the 10th round of the tape to The New York Times. An HBO
spokesman said the cable network's lawyers did not want the entire version to be
released. There was no talking between the fighters that was audible on the tape
of the 10th round.

Gordon said he first learned of the bribe accusation in late February when Wayne
Kelly, who had refereed the fight, called him and said a trainer -- not
connected with either fighter -- had said there were rumors of a bribe offer.

"I asked Wayne if he heard anything that sounded like a bribe offer because he
had told me that there was an awful lot of talk from both fighters and that he
had repeatedly warned them to stop," recalled Gordon.

"Wayne told me that, as he thought about it, there were some things that were
said that did sound suspicious."

'I'm Launching an Investigation'

At that point, said Gordon, he told Kelly not to say anything further.

"I'm launching an investigation," Gordon said he told him.

Gordon then notified the State Police, who referred the case to the Manhattan
District Attorney's office.

Law enforcement officials could not recall the last time a fighter was charged
with trying to fi a fight. The New York State Division of Criminal Justice
Services, which has a data base that began in 1981, said this was the first time
since then that anyone in the state has been accused of sports bribery.

NAME: Ray Mercer

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ray Mercer, left, during his bout with Jesse Ferguson on Feb. 6.
Mercer was arraigned yesterday on a charge of sports bribery for allegedly
making offers of $100,000 during the fight for Ferguson to lose. (Barton
Silverman/The New York Times) (pg. B14)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              53 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test Referrals Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 545  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with a family medicine practice in New Jersey admitted today to
accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running scheme
operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New
Jersey; its president; and numerous associates, New Jersey U.S. Attorney Paul J.
Fishman announced.

Joel Fischgrund, 60, of Livingston, New Jersey, pleaded guilty today before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to one count of
accepting bribes.

Including Fischgrund, 22 people--11 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Fischgrund today admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient
blood specimens to BLS and was paid $1,500 a month under a sham consulting
agreement. As part of the purported agreement with Advantech Sales LLC, he was
required to fill out a sheet--titled "Consultant Advisory Board Data
Sheet"--that only took minutes to complete. Fischgrund admitted he knew the
questions on that sheet had no real value to Advantech and were designed to
disguise the bribe payments.

The bribery count to which Fischgrund pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
April 1, 2014. As part of his guilty plea, Fischgrund agreed to forfeit the
bribes he received from BLS.

The investigation has recovered more than $7 million to date through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven;
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish; and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $520 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution, and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and
other statutes.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Washington: New York Health Care Professional Sentenced to Prison; Another
Pleads Guilty in Connection with Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical
Lab

LENGTH: 739  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A physician's assistant was sentenced to prison, and a doctor admitted taking
bribes in connection with a long-running and elaborate test referral scheme
operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New
Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced today.





 Leonard Marchetta, 49, of Staten Island, New York, a physician's assistant who
previously pleaded guilty to one count of accepting bribes, was sentenced to 42
months in prison. Bret Ostrager, 50, of Woodbury, New York, a doctor with
practices in Nassau County, New York, pleaded guilty to Count One, Count Two and
Count Five of an indictment charging him with conspiracy to violate the
Anti-Kickback Statute and the Federal Travel Act by accepting bribes, one
substantive violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, and one substantive
violation of the Federal Travel Act. Both the sentencing and plea hearing took
place today before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal
court.



 Marchetta and Ostrager are two of the 39 people--26 of them doctors--who have
pleaded guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case. The investigation has to date recovered more than
$12 million through forfeiture.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Marchetta previously admitted that he accepted bribes in return for referring
patient blood specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $3,000 per month.
Marchetta's referrals generated approximately $660,000 in lab business for BLS.



 Ostrager admitted today that, between February 2011 and April 2013, he received
monthly cash bribes of approximately $3,300 from BLS employees and associates.
He periodically solicited and received from the BLS employees and associates
tickets and meals that cost thousands of dollars. These additional bribes in
response to specific requests from Ostrager included tickets to a New York Mets
baseball game, a New York Knicks basketball game, a Katy Perry concert, a Justin
Bieber concert, and the Broadway show "Newsies." In exchange, Ostrager referred
patient blood samples to BLS. Ostrager's referrals generated approximately
$909,000 in lab business for BLS.



 Each count to which Ostrager pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential penalty
of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss
from the offense. His sentencing is scheduled for March 29, 2016.



 In addition to the prison term he received today, Marchetta must serve three
years of supervised release and forfeit $72,000.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector
General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; and
IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Jonathan D. Larsen with the ongoing investigation.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish,
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $640 million in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 28, 2015 Monday

Washington: New York Health Care Professional Sentenced to Prison; Another
Pleads Guilty in Connection with Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical
Lab

LENGTH: 739  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A physician's assistant was sentenced to prison, and a doctor admitted taking
bribes in connection with a long-running and elaborate test referral scheme
operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New
Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced today.





 Leonard Marchetta, 49, of Staten Island, New York, a physician's assistant who
previously pleaded guilty to one count of accepting bribes, was sentenced to 42
months in prison. Bret Ostrager, 50, of Woodbury, New York, a doctor with
practices in Nassau County, New York, pleaded guilty to Count One, Count Two and
Count Five of an indictment charging him with conspiracy to violate the
Anti-Kickback Statute and the Federal Travel Act by accepting bribes, one
substantive violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, and one substantive
violation of the Federal Travel Act. Both the sentencing and plea hearing took
place today before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal
court.



 Marchetta and Ostrager are two of the 39 people--26 of them doctors--who have
pleaded guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case. The investigation has to date recovered more than
$12 million through forfeiture.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Marchetta previously admitted that he accepted bribes in return for referring
patient blood specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $3,000 per month.
Marchetta's referrals generated approximately $660,000 in lab business for BLS.



 Ostrager admitted today that, between February 2011 and April 2013, he received
monthly cash bribes of approximately $3,300 from BLS employees and associates.
He periodically solicited and received from the BLS employees and associates
tickets and meals that cost thousands of dollars. These additional bribes in
response to specific requests from Ostrager included tickets to a New York Mets
baseball game, a New York Knicks basketball game, a Katy Perry concert, a Justin
Bieber concert, and the Broadway show "Newsies." In exchange, Ostrager referred
patient blood samples to BLS. Ostrager's referrals generated approximately
$909,000 in lab business for BLS.



 Each count to which Ostrager pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential penalty
of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss
from the offense. His sentencing is scheduled for March 29, 2016.



 In addition to the prison term he received today, Marchetta must serve three
years of supervised release and forfeit $72,000.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector
General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; and
IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Jonathan D. Larsen with the ongoing investigation.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish,
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $640 million in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: New York Health Care Professional Sentenced to Prison; Another
Pleads Guilty in Connection with Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical
Lab

LENGTH: 739  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A physician's assistant was sentenced to prison, and a doctor admitted taking
bribes in connection with a long-running and elaborate test referral scheme
operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New
Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced today.





 Leonard Marchetta, 49, of Staten Island, New York, a physician's assistant who
previously pleaded guilty to one count of accepting bribes, was sentenced to 42
months in prison. Bret Ostrager, 50, of Woodbury, New York, a doctor with
practices in Nassau County, New York, pleaded guilty to Count One, Count Two and
Count Five of an indictment charging him with conspiracy to violate the
Anti-Kickback Statute and the Federal Travel Act by accepting bribes, one
substantive violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, and one substantive
violation of the Federal Travel Act. Both the sentencing and plea hearing took
place today before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal
court.



 Marchetta and Ostrager are two of the 39 people--26 of them doctors--who have
pleaded guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case. The investigation has to date recovered more than
$12 million through forfeiture.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Marchetta previously admitted that he accepted bribes in return for referring
patient blood specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $3,000 per month.
Marchetta's referrals generated approximately $660,000 in lab business for BLS.



 Ostrager admitted today that, between February 2011 and April 2013, he received
monthly cash bribes of approximately $3,300 from BLS employees and associates.
He periodically solicited and received from the BLS employees and associates
tickets and meals that cost thousands of dollars. These additional bribes in
response to specific requests from Ostrager included tickets to a New York Mets
baseball game, a New York Knicks basketball game, a Katy Perry concert, a Justin
Bieber concert, and the Broadway show "Newsies." In exchange, Ostrager referred
patient blood samples to BLS. Ostrager's referrals generated approximately
$909,000 in lab business for BLS.



 Each count to which Ostrager pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential penalty
of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss
from the offense. His sentencing is scheduled for March 29, 2016.



 In addition to the prison term he received today, Marchetta must serve three
years of supervised release and forfeit $72,000.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector
General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; and
IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Jonathan D. Larsen with the ongoing investigation.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish,
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $640 million in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             December 15, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SPORTS OF THE TIMES;
Actions and Reactions

BYLINE: By George Vecsey

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1023 words


T wenty-five percent. That's a big chunk of anything, whether a bite of somebody
else's sandwich or a sales commission. It is also the portion of a dollar that
New York bettors never see after wagering on the trifecta.

Because so much money is taken out of the handle - ''only'' 15 percent of
regular bets by the tracks and 22 percent, including surcharge, by Offtrack
Betting - the state has an obligation to at least make sure its races are
honest.

According to some testimony, 13 races were rigged at thoroughbred tracks in New
York from 1973 to 1975. The patterns of betting and order of finish left
investigators no other conclusion.

In the wake of the study, five former jockeys have been barred from New York
tracks. Last week, two active jockeys, Jacinto Vasquez and Michael Venezia, were
given suspensions by the State Racing and Wagering Board.

Vasquez's one-year suspension is based upon an accusation by a fellow jockey,
Eddie Maple, that Vasquez offered a bribe in 1974.  Venezia's suspension is
based upon his failure, twice, to report a bribe offer by Con Errico, now
serving a jail sentence for racketeering in connection with the race-fixing
scandal. Venezia later did report the bribe offer, which accounts for his lesser
three-month suspension. Neither jockey has been accused of throwing a race, and
both will appeal in court.

Some racing experts fear the penalty to Venezia will make other jockeys say,
''Look what happened to Venezia when he reported a bribe.'' But the intent of
the suspension is the opposite: Any jockeys who receive a bribe offer should now
say, ''Look what will happen to me if I don't report a bribe.'' The state did
all it could - this time.

Boxing authorities can indeed be prodded into making their grisly business a bit
safer. The quick action by Joey Curtis, the Las Vegas referee, in stopping
Michael Dokes from belting Mike Weaver, after only 63 seconds, shows the concern
after the recent death of Duk Koo Kim.

The World Boxing Council shortened championship fights from 15 to 12 rounds and
permitted the referee to order standing 8-counts for dazed boxers. The Nevada
Athletic Commission pushed through emergency measures for a standing 8-count, a
90-second break instead of 60 seconds, and a 45-day layoff and brain scan for
boxers who have been knocked out.

The next steps should be headgear and less lethal gloves. If boxing must
survive, let it be more as a test of skill than a blood-letting. Without signs
of indignation from the great majority of citizens who are not boxing fans, few
improvements would be made.

Although defenders of boxing insist football is just as violent as boxing,
football has numerous rules against dangerous plays such as clipping, premature
tackling and head-hunting.

The suspension of the Jets' Stan Blinka by Pete Rozelle last week pointed out
the difference: Boxers win titles by throwing a hard shot to the head; Blinka
lost a week's pay for doing it. Blinka's admission that the penalty was fair was
a credit to him and his team as well as to his business.

The recent comparison of Clemson University's penalized athletic program to a
''mom-and-pop operation'' that grew too fast was a bit self-serving on the part
of Bill L. Atchley, the school's president.  Clemson invited its whopping
two-year penalties by making fast and conscious efforts to be a national power.

Going after blue-chip players is a deadly eyes-open business. Some traditional
powers skirt serious violations through prestige and established support systems
but when alumni and boosters of less powerful teams decide they want to be No.1
next year, it's Dodge City.

Moving up in basketball takes only a few quick deals with marginal students of
exceptional wingspan. It's harder to move up in football because truckloads of
beef on the hoof are apt to show up on the N.C.A.A.'s radar. Mom-and-pop stores
don't become supermarkets by accident; somebody has to phone in the orders.

If university presidents don't openly take on the boosters - many of whom have
no interest in the school except its teams - the presidents must later share the
consequences.

Best wishes to Tim Raines of the Montreal Expos upon completing treatment for
drug problems and congratulations to the National Football League for
strengthening its drug treatment program. A massive raising of the eyebrow
toward Frank Layden, coach of the Utah Jazz, for saying he had no idea John Drew
had problems when he acquired Drew in a trade. That's exactly what Layden said
after Bernard King took treatment elsewhere three years ago. In addiction
treatment, people who don't want to know are called ''enablers.''

A feud is developing between Jonathan Boyer, the only American cyclist to
compete in the Tour de France, and Greg Lemond, the young American hopeful.
Boyer is still smarting from Lemond's late spurt in the World Cycling
Championships in England in September that allowed Giuseppe Saroni of Italy to
take away what would have been Boyer's first pro victory.

Lemond said he did it because Boyer is not ''the kind of guy who should be
champion.'' Boyer recently accused Lemond of being ''jealous'' because Boyer has
led the growth in United States pro biking. The latest growth is a $100,000 road
race from Virginia Beach to Washington, next April 8-10, featuring the Tour de
France champion, Bernard Hinault, and live CBS coverage.

Boyer says no European would have helped the pack catch a fellow countryman,
which is partly true. But as Americans discover the money in bike racing, they
are not likely to observe the niceties of the sport.

Now that George Steinbrenner has done his Christmas shopping, he can take a step
toward peace and good will in the dugout by finding a stable manager with a
chance of lasting more than a few months. He is reportedly having second
thoughts about hiring Billy Martin. Good.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              58 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 6, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

Trial Opens for Four Charged in District Housing Bribe Case

Toni Locy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE D3

LENGTH: 594 words


With thousands of people waiting years for public housing assistance, two city
employees took advantage of the needy and demanded that they pay bribes in
exchange for precious housing subsidy vouchers, a federal prosecutor said
yesterday.

In his opening statement to a jury in U.S. District Court, Assistant U.S.
Attorney Craig Iscoe said the employees of the Department of Public and Assisted
Housing abused the public trust and used their jobs "to line their own pockets
with bribes they demanded of people who were in desperate need of affordable
housing."

Iscoe was referring to Jennifer J. Gatling, 42, a former housing program
specialist, and Cheryl D. Walker, 39, former chief of the so-called Section 8
housing unit. The two are on trial along with Joyce Pierce, 38, Walker's sister
from Chicago, and Darnell Jackson, 44, who is serving time in federal prison on
unrelated weapons charges.

They are charged with an assortment of offenses, including conspiracy, bribery,
mail fraud and making false statements. Pierce is accused of improperly
accepting a housing subsidy voucher from the District, where she did not live.
Her voucher was transferred to Chicago for her to use. Jackson allegedly served
as a recruiter of people in need of subsidies and willing to pay bribes.

Iscoe described a system of corruption that grew as word got out that the
Section 8 vouchers could be acquired for a price, usually $ 500. People willing
to pay were catapulted over thousands of others in line, some of whom had waited
six years for the vouchers, the prosecutor said.

But defense attorney Shawn Moore, who represents Gatling, blamed the people who
paid the bribes, saying they came into the agency's offices with sad stories and
"played on the sympathies of these people" to get the vouchers. "This is not a
case of bribery," Moore said. "It may be a case of stupidity. It may be a case
of sloppiness. But it is also a case of compassion."

The federally funded Section 8 vouchers provide significant help to the needy.
Iscoe estimated that someone living in an $ 800-a-month apartment would have to
pay only $ 40 or $ 50 out of pocket if the person had a voucher. As a result,
there is a waiting list to receive the vouchers. Gatling and Walker are charged
with accepting $ 5,000 in bribes from 10 District residents, many of whom were
not even on the city's waiting list. Others were so far down on the list that
they had little hope of receiving a voucher soon, Iscoe said.

"It was one-day service," the prosecutor said. "The same day you pay the bribe,
you get your voucher."

Many of the people who paid the bribes were friends of Walker or Gatling, Iscoe
said. Those people, in turn, brought friends and relatives to Walker and Gatling
seeking help, he said.

Four others who the prosecutor said paid money for vouchers didn't even live in
the District, including Pierce. Iscoe said $ 2,000 in bribes was paid by two
Chicago women for District-based vouchers that later were transferred to
Chicago. Even though they were transferred, their costs came out of the D.C.
housing department's allotment of Section 8 vouchers.

Iscoe said Pierce, like three other women from Chicago, never had been to the
D.C. housing department and never had applied to be placed on the city's waiting
list. If Pierce had applied on Dec. 15, 1989, the prosecutor said, 8,157 people
would have been ahead of her on the list.

Some instances were worse. One of the women, JoAnn Williams of Chicago, jumped
over 11,966 people who were waiting for vouchers, Iscoe said.


LOAD-DATE: December 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              59 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           February 4, 2004 Wednesday

White announces policy of zero tolerance for bribes

BYLINE: TOM POLANSEK STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 430 words


Secretary of State Jesse White said Tuesday that bribery attempts will no longer
be tolerated in Illinois' driver-testing facilities.

White, along with Sen. Patrick Welch, D-Peru, announced legislation that would
suspend for 120 days the license of anyone convicted of trying to bribe a
driving examiner. Senate Bill 2167 also would make offering or accepting bribes
a felony and extend penalties to driving examiners who don't work in a state
facility. "They used to say, 'Oh, just make sure that you have $10 in your
pocket and you'll be guaranteed your license.' Well, that day has come and
gone," White said.

White announced the bill the same day John McGowan of Chicago appeared in court
charged with accepting $800 in bribes over the past three months as an executive
assistant in White's office.

Current law penalizes only state officials who solicit or accept bribes. The
people offering bribes usually escape prosecution by "rolling over," or
testifying against state employees, said Jim Burns, White's inspector general.

Under the new legislation, a "very low threshold" of proof would be needed to
convict someone who tried to buy his license, Burns said.

Unlicensed drivers convicted of offering bribes also would be banned from
reapplying for 120 days.

The legislation is in response to Operation Safe Road, the federal probe that
led to former Gov. George Ryan's indictment in December, along with 65 others
over the past five years. The probe began in 1998 amid allegations that state
employees sold commercial driver's licenses for bribes when Ryan was secretary
of state.

"In the old days - in Safe Road - employees used to refer to those as tips,"
Burns said of bribes. "Well, the tips days are gone."

Downstate, the elderly most commonly offer bribes for licenses; in Chicago,
immigrants who speak little English are the most common offenders, Burns said.

Anyone convicted of offering or accepting a bribe would be guilty of a Class 2
felony and eligible for three to seven years in jail and fines up to $25,000.

The bill also covers employees of private trucking companies who are allowed to
train and test drivers for commercial licenses.

White said he would implement a zero-tolerance policy against bribery. No
exceptions will be made in suspensions to allow people to drive to school or
work.

"The so-called culture of corruption, we hope, doesn't exist anymore. We've seen
a decline in my office in bribe attempts, but the secretary takes a position of
zero tolerance," Burns said. "One bribe attempt is one too many."

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2004 The State Journal-Register


                              60 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 2, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

14 INDICTED IN CITY HOUSING BRIBES

BYLINE: By WALTER H. WAGGONER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 428 words


Ten New York City employees and four contractors were indicted by a Manhattan
grand jury yesterday in the taking or paying of $60,000 in bribes in connection
with maintenance and repair work on cityowned real estate.

In announcing the indictments and arrests of the 14 men, Robert M.  Morgenthau,
the Manhattan District Attorney, said at a news conference that an indictment of
another city worker had been filed, but that it had been sealed because the
suspect was not yet in custody.

The grand jury action followed an investigation begun in April 1979 by the New
York City Department of Investigation, the Rackets Bureau of the District
Attorney's office and the inspector general of the city's Housing Preservation
and Development Department.

Eight of the defendants were employees of the Housing Preservation and
Development Department, which manages and maintains multi-unit residential
properties taken over by the city through tax foreclosures. Two of those
indicted worked for the city's General Services Department, which manages
commercial buildings acquired in the same way.

Mr. Morgenthau said nine of the defendants had been ''severed'' from the city
payroll as a result of resignations or disciplinary action and that proceedings
against the 10th indicted city employee were under way.

The indictments charged the 10 city workers had conspired to receive or had
accepted bribes for the purpose of speeding up payment to contractors for work
already done, for assigning contracts or for not inspecting completed work.

Joseph Goldman, an employee of the Housing Preservation and Development
Department who has since retired, was said to have shared bribes with two of the
defendants, but, according to Mr. Morgenthau, Mr. Goldman ''cooperated with the
authorities'' in the investigation.

The indictments said four city employees shared the greatest amount of the bribe
money, dividing about $40,700 among them. They were identified as George
Tremont, Salvator Badalamenti, Dominick DiStasi and Louis Temple.

Santo Joseph Benvenuto, a former deputy director of the housing agency's
maintenance division, was charged with receiving $7,800 in bribes in exchange
for the assignment of work to a contractor.

The indictments said other bribes ranging from $181 to $6,150 had been accepted
or shared by five city employees: Philip Altman, Frank Ambrosio, Ralph Ambrosio,
Joseph Kasnia and Columbo Saiya.

The indicted contractors are Vincent Frisone of Staten Island, Paul Jackson and
Louis Lucks of Brooklyn and John Moriartes of Huntington, L.I.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              61 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 June 10, 1997, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

JURY CLEARS EX-SPEAKER ON 3 COUNTS OF BRIBERY;
PANEL DEADLOCKED ON OTHER CHARGES; 2 ARE FOUND GUILTY

BYLINE: Terry Ganey; Jefferson City Bureau Chief

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. 01A

LENGTH: 1322 words

DATELINE: KANSAS CITY


A federal jury on Monday acquitted former Missouri House Speaker Bob Griffin on
three counts of bribery and deadlocked on six other charges involving
racketeering, bribery and fraud.

In its sixth day of deliberations, the same jury found political co nsultant
Cathryn Simmons of Kansas City and Kansas City labor leader Michael Fisher
guilty on charges of racketeering, bribery and fraud.

U.S. District Judge Dean Whipple declared a mistrial on the deadlocked counts
against Griffin, a Democrat, who faces retrial on those charges.

The jury acquitted Steven Hurst, a lobbyist, on all three charges against him.

The jury's decision was unusual in that it found Simmons and Fisher guilty of
bribing Griffin while acquitting Griffin on some of the same brib ery counts and
being deadlocked on others.

"It was very complicated," said Suzzette Williams, a juror. "There was a lot of
soul-searching. It was like taking a big ball of twine and trying to unwind it
and untangle it, but there was no end to it.

"I know that sounds odd," Williams said. "That's just the way the votes turned
out. We thought she used his friendship. I thought (Griffin) was a man with a
lot of power, and they were using him, but he didn't know it."

Williams said two or three of the jurors believed Griffin was guilty and that
the rest thought the government had not proven its case against him.

"He left no paper trail," Williams said. "The rest of them did."

U.S. Attorney Stephen Hill declared: "The verdict in this case speaks strongly
about people who engage in the sale of public office. I think the jury speaks
volumes about bribery and influence peddling in Jefferson City."

Asked about another trial for Griffin, Hill said, "We are ready to go to trial
today in the United States vs. Bob Griffin."

The jury of nine women and three men wrestled with the complex case all last
week and into Monday afternoon when word came at 2:45 p.m. that it was ready to
return a verdict. The jury had 37 separate decisions to make involving the four
defendants.

For a jury's decision to be final, all 12 must agree. It came to a unanimous
decision in all but six of the charges, and they all involved Griffin.

Simmons, 51, and Fisher, 40, were accused of using Griffin's power as speaker to
obtain lucrative political consulting contracts and kicking back some of the
money from the contracts to Griffin in the form of bribes.

'Obviously Guilty'

In the 10-day trial, the jury heard how Simmons received political consulting
contracts with the help of Griffin and Fisher. The jury was also told that
Simmons paid Griffin $ 95,000 and Fisher $ 341,000 over a three-year period from
1992 to 1994.

The jury found Simmons guilty on 18 of 20 charges involving racketeering, paying
$ 51,000 in bribes to Griffin and $ 91,000 in bribes to Richard "Rick" Moore, a
former member of the Clay County commission.

"She was so obviously guilty, it was unbelievable," Williams, the juror, said.

Simmons' payments to Griffin were for his help on a gasoline tax increase in
1992 and health care reform legislation in 1994. The payments to Moore were for
his planned favorable vote on a landfill in Clay County in 1993.

Moore, a former associate of Simmons', was a key government witness who earlier
had pleaded guilty to federal charges. He testified in the trial in hopes of
getting a lighter sentence.

Other witnesses included former legislative colleagues of Griffin's. The defense
offered few witnesses. Griffin testified that Simmons' payments to him were for
political advice.

Simmons was found innocent on charges that she paid Griffin $ 10,000 to remove a
member of a legislative committee and paid $ 5,000 as an indirect bribe by
hiring Griffin's son, Jeff, as a lobbyist on a highway bond bill in 1993.

Fisher, president of the Greater Kansas City AFL-CIO, was found guilty on four
charges of racketeering, bribery and fraud. The bribery charge involved $ 41,000
paid to Griffin in connection with the health care reform legislation. Fisher
was found not guilty in connection with the removal of the committee member in
return for a $ 10,000 payment to Griffin.

Griffin, 61, a lawyer and former prosecuting attorney in Cameron, Mo., was found
not guilty on charges of accepting a $ 10,000 bribe for the removal of a member
from a committee and being bribed indirectly when Simmons hired his son as a
lobbyist.

He was also found not guilty on a charge that he accepted a $ 20,000 br ibe in
connection with health care reform legislation.

Judge Whipple said he would reschedule for trial the remaining counts.  Those
charges accuse Griffin of racketeering, of accepting $ 10,000 in bribes in
connection with a fuel tax increase in 1992 and accepting $ 21,000 in bribes in
connection with the health care reform legislation.

He also faces a fraud charge in helping get a $ 40,000 contract for Simmons from
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Kansas City in connection with health care reform.

Griffin's Steady Gaze

As Whipple read the mixed decision to the packed courtroom, one of Simmons'
daughters began to cry, while her mother showed no reaction. Hurst heaved a sigh
of relief as Fisher chewed nervously on the tip of a pen. Griffin's eyes never
left the judge.

One thing Griffin had said as his trial began May 12 was that he would be glad
when it was all over. After Monday's decision, the final outcome was still not
known. He now must wait for another trial.

"It's been stressful," said J.R. Hobbs, Griffin's lawyer.

Griffin served as speaker of the Missouri House, the Legislature's most powerful
position, from 1981 to 1996, a state record. One lawyer familiar with the trial
spoke on the condition he would not be identified. He said he believed Griffin
might have been helped by the fact that he took the stand in his own defense.
Griffin was the only one of the four defendants to testify and seemed to
convince the jury. After Monday's verdict, Griffin had nothing to say.

"My attorney said no comment and that's the way it going to have to be," said
Griffin, who was accompanied by his wife, Linda. "When you pay money to a
lawyer, you have to follow his advice."

Hobbs said that while he was pleased with the not guilty verdicts, he was
disappointed with the "hung jury verdicts."

Simmons did not want to talk to reporters. "We're terribly disappointed,
obviously," said Ron Partee, Simmons' lawyer. He said he planned to appeal the
decisions.

"We are a little confused by the verdict," said Bob Beaird, who r epresented
Fisher. "This is the first step in a long battle. We expect eventually to be
exonerated."

Lawyers familiar with federal sentencing guidelines said Simmons could get a
prison sentence of five to six years on her conviction, and Fisher, three to
four years. They also face fines, and Whipple still must decide how much of the
money they gained through the racketeering schemes has to be forfeited. He told
lawyers Monday he was taking that matter under advisement. No date has been set
for sentencing.

Hurst, who lives in Gladstone, Mo., is a lobbyist in Jefferson City. He was
accused of racketeering, participating in a $ 10,000 bribe to Griffin and
helping Simmons to hire Jeff Griffin as a lobbyist. He was found not guilty on
all the charges.

"I have mixed emotions," said Hurst, 53. "I'm happy I'm not involved but I'm sad
for my friends. I don't think they did it."

After the jury began its deliberations, it asked to examine nearly all of the
exhibits that had been filed during the trial. The jury seemed to be turning the
evidence inside out in an attempt to reach a conclusion.

Once the verdict was read, the jurors were escorted by federal marshals to their
cars. With the exception of Williams, most said they did not want to discuss the
case.

"We are glad to get this behind us," Williams said. "We want our lives back."


LOAD-DATE: June 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC, (1) Color Photo by AP - Former House Speaker Bob
Griffin and his wife, Linda, leave the U.S. Courthouse in Kansas City Monday
after he was acquitted of three bribery charges. Jurors deadlocked on six other
counts.
 (2) Photo by AP - Lobbyist Steven Hurst of Kansas City talks with reporters
Monday outside the federal courthouse in Kansas City after he was acquitted.
 (3) Summary of the Verdicts
 BOB GRIFFIN
 * Acquitted on three counts
 * Hung jury on six counts
 CATHRYN SIMMONS
 * Convicted in 18 counts
 * Acquitted on two counts
 MICHAEL FISHER
 * Convicted on four counts
 * Acquitted on one count
 STEVEN HURST
 * Acquitted on three counts.

 (4) Graphic chart - Verdicts In the Charges That Involved More than One Of The
Defendants There were several charges in this trial that involved more than one
of the defendants.  These are the verdicts in those charges.  The blank boxes
indicate no charges involving that person.

 All were charged with the general crime of racketeering
 BOB GRIFFIN          HUNG JURY
 CATHRYN SIMMONS      GUILTY
 MICHAEL FISHER       GUILTY
 STEVEN HURST         NOT GUILTY

 $ 10,000 bribe from Simmons to Griffin for removing committee member.
 BOB GRIFFIN          NOT GUILTY
 CATHRYN SIMMONS      NOT GUILTY
 MICHAEL FISHER       NOT GUILTY
 STEVEN HURST         NOT GUILTY

 $ 5,000 bribe from Simmons in the form of hiring Griffin's son, Jeff, as a
lobbyist.
 BOB GRIFFIN          NOT GUILTY
 CATHRYN SIMMONS      NOT GUILTY
 MICHAEL FISHER       NOT GUILTY
 STEVEN HURST         NOT GUILTY

 $ 20,000 bribe from Simmons to Griffin on health care reform bill on Jan. 27,
1994.
 BOB GRIFFIN          NOT GUILTY CATHRYN SIMMONS      GUILTY MICHAEL FISHER
      GUILTY STEVEN HURST

 $ 5,000 bribe from Simmons to Griffin on Feb. 4, 1992, on fuel tax bill
 BOB GRIFFIN          HUNG JURY
 CATHRYN SIMMONS      GUILTY
 MICHAEL FISHER
 STEVEN HURST

 $ 5,000 bribe from Simmons to Griffin on Feb. 27, 1992, on fuel tax bill
 BOB GRIFFIN          HUNG JURY
 CATHRYN SIMMONS      GUILTY
 MICHAEL FISHER
 STEVEN HURST

 $ 21,000 bribe from Simmons to Griffin on March 9, 1994, on health care reform
bill.
 BOB GRIFFIN          HUNG JURY
 CATHRYN SIMMONS      GUILTY
 MICHAEL FISHER       GUILTY
 STEVEN HURST

 Fraud through bribery in plan for Simmons to get $ 40,000 from Blue Cross.
 BOB GRIFFIN          HUNG JURY
 CATHRYN SIMMONS      GUILTY
 MICHAEL FISHER       GUILTY
 STEVEN HURST

 The charges resulting in a hung jury will be refiled against Griffin.

 (4) Graphic chart - Bob Griffin charged in nine counts
 NOT GUILTY
 Count 18 - Accepting $ 10,000 bribe from Simmons for removing committee member.

 Count 20 - Accepting $ 5,000 bribe when Simmons hired Jeff Griffin as a
lobbyist in 1993.
 Count 22 - Accepting $ 20,000 bribe on health care reform bill on Jan. 27,
1994.
 HUNG JURY
 Count 1 - Racketeering.
 Count 2 - Accepting $ 5,000 bribe form Simmons on Feb. 4, 1992 on fuel tax
bill.
 Count 4 - Accepting $ 5,000 bribe from Simmons on Feb. 27, 1992 on fuel tax
bill.
 Count 6 - Fraud in passing fuel tax bill and faulure to disclose financial
interest.
 Count 24 - Accepting $ 21,000 bribe on health care reform bill on March 9,
1994.
 Count 26 - Fraud through bribery to help Simmons get $ 40,000 from Blue Cross.

 (5) Graphic chart - Michael Fisher charged in five counts
 CONVICTED
 Count 1 - Racketeering
 Count 23 - Participating in $ 20,000 bribe of Griffin on health reform on Jan.
27, 1994.
 Count 25 - Participating in $ 21,000 bribe of Griffin on health reform on March
9, 1994.
 Count 26 - Fraud through bribery by helping Simmons get $ 40,000 from Blue
Cross in the mail.
 NOT GUILTY
Count 19 - Participating in $ 10,000 bribe of Griffin for removal of committee
member.

 (6) Graphic chart - Cathryn Simmons charged in 20 counts
 Count 1 - Racketeering
 Count 3 - Paying $ 5,000 bribe to Griffin on Feb. 4, 1992 on fuel tax bill.
 Count 5 - Paying $ 5,000 bribe to Griffin on Feb. 27, 1992 on fuel tax bill.
 Count 6 - Fraud in passing fuel tax bill and receiving $ 25,000 check in the
mail from highway contractors.
 Count 7 - Paying $ 17,400 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on Feb. 28,
1992.
 Count 8 - Paying $ 9,200 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on March 23,
1992.
 Count 9 - Paying $ 9,200 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on May 4,
1992.
 Count 10 - Paying $ 9,200 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on June 17,
1992.
 Count 11 - Paying $ 9,200 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on July 13,
1992.
 Count 12 - Paying $ 9,200 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on Aug. 26,
1992.
 Count 13 - Paying $ 9,200 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on Sept. 24,
1992.
 Count 14 - Paying a $ 18,400 landfill bribe to a county commissioner on Nov.
12, 1992.
 Count 15 - Fraud in accepting by mail $ 99,044 on landfill on April 1, 1992.
 Count 16 - Fraud in accepting by mail $ 55,400 on landfill on June 17, 1992.
 Count 17 - Fraud in accepting by mail $ 60,850 on landfill on July 31, 1992.
 Count 23 - Paying $ 20,000 bribe to Griffin on health reform bill on Jan. 27,
1994.
 Count 25 - Paying $ 21,000 bribe to Griffin on health reform bill on March 9,
1994.
 Count 26 - Fraud through bribery by accepting $ 40,000 from Blue Cross by mail.

 NOT GUILTY
 Count 19 - Paying $ 10,000 bribe to Griffin to remove committee member.
 Count 21 - Paying $ 5,000 bribe to Griffin by hiring his son, Jeff, as a
lobbyist.

 (7) Graphic chart - Steven Hurst charged in three counts
 NOT GUILTY -
 Count 1 - Racketeering
 Count 19 - Participating in $ 10,000 bribe of Griffin for removal of committee
member.
 Count 21 - Participating in $ 5,000 bribe to Griffin by hiring Jeff Griffin as
a lobbyist.

 (8) Graphic chart - Next In The Case
 * Prosecutors and defense attorneys will present written briefs to U.S.
District Judge Dean Whipple on whether Cathryn Simmons and Michael Fisher must
make restitution on racketeering charges.
 * Prosecutors will retry Griffin in racketeering, bribery and fraud charges
that the jury could not decide.
 * Court oflficials will conduct pre-sentencing investigations of Simmons and
Fisher.

 The Three Star Edition only included the following graphic with this story:
 (9) Graphic chart - BOB GRIFFIN AT A GLANCE
 Born: August 15, 1935.
 Military: U.S. Air Force, Judge Advocate General's Corps, 1959-1962.
 Education: University of Missouri at Columbia Law School.
 November 1962: Elected Clinton County prosecuting attorney; served 1963 - 1970.

 Elected to the Missouri House: November 1970
 Elected Speaker Pro Tem: November 1976; served 1977-1981.
 Elected Speaker of the House: November 1980; served 1981-1996.
 March 11, 1993: Pleads guilty to driving while intoxicated; sentenced to two
years probation plus 80 hours community service and payment of court costs.
 July 17, 1994: The Kansas City Star reports that Griffin demanded that a Las
Vegas company, Sahara Gaming Corp., gave a $ 16 million share of a proposed
Missouri casino to a group headed by Public Issue Management Inc., a firm that
worked on Griffin's campaign and to Kansas City lawyer Byron Fox.
 Dec. 15, 1994: Post-Dispatch reports that federal grand jury in Kansas City
subpoenas five years of Griffin's campaign-finance disclosure reports and
conflict-of-interest statements.
 Jan. 5, 1995: Survives challenge from Rep. Tony Ribaudo, d-St. Louis, and
dissident Democrats.
 Jan. 10, 1996: Steps down as speaker.
 Jan. 31, 1996: Resigns from the House.

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              62 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 9, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: Florida Couple Sentenced for Roles in Procurement Contract Bribery
Scheme

LENGTH: 790  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

A Florida man was sentenced to serve 15 months in prison, and his wife was
sentenced to 24 months of probation, for their roles in a bribery and fraud
scheme involving federal procurement contracts, announced Acting Assistant
Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's Criminal Division and
U.S. Attorney David B. Barlow of the District of Utah.

On Feb. 26, 2013, Sylvester Zugrav, 70, of Sarasota, Fla., pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit bribery and procurement fraud, and his wife, Maria Zugrav,
67, also of Sarasota, pleaded guilty to misprision of a felony related to her
efforts to conceal the conspiracy.

The Zugravs were charged in an October 2011 indictment along with Jose Mendez,
51, of Farr West, Utah.   Mendez, a procurement program manager for the U.S. Air
Force Foreign Materials Acquisition Support Office (FMASO) at Hill Air Force
Base, in Ogden, Utah, was charged in the indictment with conspiracy, bribery and
procurement fraud, and has since pleaded guilty to all charges and agreed to
forfeit more than $180,000 he received as part of the bribery scheme.
Sentencing for Mendez is scheduled for Jan. 29, 2014.

According to court documents, the Zugravs owned Atlas International Trading
Company, a business that contracted to provide foreign military materials to the
U.S. government through FMASO.

In his plea agreement, Sylvester Zugrav admitted that, from 2008 through August
2011, he gave Mendez more than $180,000 in bribe payments and offered Mendez
more than $1 million in additional bribe payments contingent upon Atlas's
receipt of future contracts with FMASO.   In exchange for Sylvester Zugrav's
bribe payments and offers, Mendez ensured that Atlas and Sylvester Zugrav
received favorable treatment in connection with procurement contracts by, among
other things, assisting Atlas in obtaining and maintaining procurement
contracts; assisting Atlas in receiving payments on such contracts; and
providing Atlas with contract bid or proposal information or source selection
information before the award of procurement contracts.  In her plea agreement,
Maria Zugrav admitted that she was aware of Sylvester Zugrav's bribe payments to
Mendez and assisted with concealing the crime.

According to court records, Sylvester Zugrav provided bribe payments to Mendez
in three ways: cash payments via Federal Express to Mendez's residential
address; in-person payments of cash and other things of value; and electronic
wire transfers to a bank account in Mexico opened by and in the name of Mendez's
cousin.   Between November 2009 and August 2011, Sylvester Zugrav sent nine
FedEx packages to Mendez's home address.   Each package contained $5,000 in
cash, except the last package, which contained $3,000 and was seized by law
enforcement.   Maria Zugrav assisted her husband and Mendez's bribe scheme by
limiting cash withdrawals from Atlas's bank account to not more than $5,000 to
avoid scrutiny by banking officials and law enforcement.

According to the plea documents, on multiple occasions when Sylvester Zugrav and
Mendez traveled to the same location, Sylvester Zugrav would give Mendez cash
payments and other things of value.   From 2008 through August 2011, Sylvester
Zugrav gave Mendez seven in-person cash payments ranging from $500 to $10,000
and purchased for him[?] a laptop computer and software package worth over
$2,900.

During the course of the corrupt scheme, Mendez opened a foreign bank account so
that Sylvester Zugrav could pay Mendez larger bribe payments.   Mendez asked his
cousin in Mexico to open an account there.   After the account was opened by
Mendez's cousin, Maria Zugrav made wire transfers to the bank account located in
the name of Mendez's cousin to avoid detection of the larger bribe payments by
law enforcement.   From 2008 through August 2011, Maria Zugrav sent to the
Mexico account 10 wire transfers ranging from $350 to $26,700.

Court records also describe additional steps taken to conceal the bribery
scheme, including creating and using covert e-mail accounts, using encrypted
documents, adopting false names and using code words.   For instance, to avoid
detection of their e-mail communications, Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez
established e-mail accounts to be used only to communicate requests and offers
for bribe payments.   Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez also created
password-protected documents for e-mail communications and used code words and
false names.  Within the encrypted documents, Mendez adopted the moniker "Chuco"
and Sylvester Zugrav used the codename "Jugo."   They referred to cash as
"literature."

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

San Jose: Former Army specialist sentenced for taking bribe in Afghanistan

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 447 words


SAN JOSE - A former U.S. Army specialist from Stockton was sentenced in federal
court in San Jose today to two years and six months in prison for accepting a
$20,000 bribe to allow a local truck driver to take 12,000 gallons of fuel from
a military base in eastern Afghanistan.

Anthony Don Tran, 28, was formerly stationed at Forward Operating Base Gardez in
Afghanistan and worked at the base's fuel depot at the time the fuel was stolen
in January 2013.

He was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman, who also ordered
him to pay restitution of $69,000, the estimated value of the fuel at the time.

Freeman additionally ordered Tran to forfeit the equivalent of the $20,000 bribe
by giving up a combination of $11,437 in cash and a vehicle he bought with the
bribe proceeds.

Tran pleaded guilty before Freeman in June to one count of accepting a bribe as
a public official.

Tran was originally indicted in federal court in Georgia along with two former
Army sergeants who were accused of engaging in an ongoing conspiracy to accept
$2,000 per day to allow Afghan truck drivers to transport stolen fuel off the
base.

Tran's case was transferred to federal court in San Jose in May.

In Georgia, former Sgt. Seneca Darnell Hampton, 31, of Columbus, Ga., and former
Sgt. 1st Class James Norris, 33, of Fort Irwin, Calif., each pleaded guilty to
one count of conspiring in the bribery of a public official and one count of
money laundering.

Hampton, who received a reduced penalty because he cooperated in the
investigation, was sentenced to two years in prison. Norris was sentenced to
four years and three months. They were ordered jointly to pay $176,100 in
restitution.

During Tran's guilty plea in June, he also admitted to taking at least $1,000
from Hampton in exchange for agreeing not to report Hampton and Norris,
according to Acting U.S. Attorney Brian Stretch.

Tran's defense attorney, Mary Ann Bird, unsuccessfully asked for a more lenient
sentence of the six months Tran has already served in custody since being
indicted in March.

Bird argued in a sentencing brief that Tran was "under a corrupt command
structure" of the two sergeants, played a lesser role in the scheme and suffered
from post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of his two deployments to
Afghanistan in 2010-11 and 2012-13.

Prosecutors, who asked for the two-year, six-month sentence, wrote that Tran
"abused his position and betrayed the trust ascribed to him by his country and
the military, and did so solely for the purpose of personal profit."



Copyright © 2015 by Bay City News, Inc. Republication, re-transmission or reuse
without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

San Jose: Former Army specialist sentenced for taking bribe in Afghanistan

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; Politics; Crime; News; Local

LENGTH: 448 words


SAN JOSE - A former U.S. Army specialist from Stockton was sentenced in federal
court in San Jose today to two years and six months in prison for accepting a
$20,000 bribe to allow a local truck driver to take 12,000 gallons of fuel from
a military base in eastern Afghanistan.

Anthony Don Tran, 28, was formerly stationed at Forward Operating Base Gardez in
Afghanistan and worked at the base's fuel depot at the time the fuel was stolen
in January 2013.

He was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman, who also ordered
him to pay restitution of $69,000, the estimated value of the fuel at the time.

Freeman additionally ordered Tran to forfeit the equivalent of the $20,000 bribe
by giving up a combination of $11,437 in cash and a vehicle he bought with the
bribe proceeds.

Tran pleaded guilty before Freeman in June to one count of accepting a bribe as
a public official.

Tran was originally indicted in federal court in Georgia along with two former
Army sergeants who were accused of engaging in an ongoing conspiracy to accept
$2,000 per day to allow Afghan truck drivers to transport stolen fuel off the
base.

Tran's case was transferred to federal court in San Jose in May.

In Georgia, former Sgt. Seneca Darnell Hampton, 31, of Columbus, Ga., and former
Sgt. 1st Class James Norris, 33, of Fort Irwin, Calif., each pleaded guilty to
one count of conspiring in the bribery of a public official and one count of
money laundering.

Hampton, who received a reduced penalty because he cooperated in the
investigation, was sentenced to two years in prison. Norris was sentenced to
four years and three months. They were ordered jointly to pay $176,100 in
restitution.

During Tran's guilty plea in June, he also admitted to taking at least $1,000
from Hampton in exchange for agreeing not to report Hampton and Norris,
according to Acting U.S. Attorney Brian Stretch.

Tran's defense attorney, Mary Ann Bird, unsuccessfully asked for a more lenient
sentence of the six months Tran has already served in custody since being
indicted in March.

Bird argued in a sentencing brief that Tran was "under a corrupt command
structure" of the two sergeants, played a lesser role in the scheme and suffered
from post-traumatic stress disorder as a result of his two deployments to
Afghanistan in 2010-11 and 2012-13.

Prosecutors, who asked for the two-year, six-month sentence, wrote that Tran
"abused his position and betrayed the trust ascribed to him by his country and
the military, and did so solely for the purpose of personal profit."



Copyright © 2015 by Bay City News, Inc. ... Republication, re-transmission or
reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Former Weslaco trustee accused of soliciting bribe during construction bids

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 393 words


May 13--WESLACO -- A former school trustee allegedly solicited contractors for
bribes during the bidding process for renovations at an elementary school, court
records state.

Information filed in federal court accuses Joe Marines, 55, of soliciting a
$1,500 cash bribe in August 2006 "from an individual known to him to be
interested in the bid process" for renovation at Roosevelt Elementary School.

First elected to the school board in 1998, Marines did not seek re-election to
his post last year, Weslaco schools Superintendent Richard Rivera said.

"No agency has contacted me on this," Rivera said of the federal charges. "I
have not seen anything."

Rivera said school district offices have not been searched by federal
authorities and he was unaware of the case prior to this week.

Information relating to the charges was filed May 6 in U.S. District Court in
Houston.

Marines' lawyer, Fernando Saenz, did not return messages left on his cell phone
and at his office on Thursday. A phone number listed for Marines has been
disconnected.

Saenz also serves as the Weslaco school district's lawyer but was privately
hired by Marines, the superintendent said.

Weslaco trustees approved the renovations at the Roosevelt school in 2006, when
classrooms received upgrades and additional space was constructed, Rivera said.

Court records state Marines was "aided and abetted by others known and unknown,"
though no other identities are provided.

Marines, who has worked as an insurance agent, faces charges under the Hobbs
Act, a federal statute that prohibits elected officials from using their
position to rob or extort others.

The same statute was used to successfully prosecute officials in the now
notorious Pharr-San Juan-Alamo schools bribery case. Sentences in that case were
handed down in January.

Online court records describe Marines as a fugitive. Saenz is set to appear on
his behalf Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Houston.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. You can
reach him at (956) 683-4439.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110513-MC-Former-Weslaco-trustee-accused-of-soliciting-bribe
-during-construction-bids-0513-20110513

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2011 The Monitor


                              66 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Economic Times

                            December 3, 2012 Monday

ipaidabribe.com: A website that encourages Indians to share their bribe giving
experiences

BYLINE: Malini Goyal

SECTION: INTERNET

LENGTH: 1476 words


Something interesting happened in Mumbai last month. For the first time ever,
Harvard Business School stepped out of its Boston campus to bring its leadership
and corporate accountability programme for senior corporate executives to India.
The programme focuses on promoting socially and financially responsible
corporate conduct. In an environment where scams and business scandals are
making headlines every day, the turnout for the four-day programme was
expectedly impressive.

"Corruption is pervasive and also corrosive," says Karthik Ramanna, one of the
Harvard professors who teaches the course. This isn't just about India.
According to a recent study, corruption is the biggest issue of concern for
corporate executives in Russia. It is ranked No. 2 by Indians and No. 5 by the
Chinese. "Businesses have to learn to deal with corruption as a phenomenon," he
says.

For inspiration, Ramanna is nudging these corporate executives to look at some
unusual places. Among the case studies taught, one is on ipaidabribe.com, a
website that focuses on petty retail corruption in India. It helps the average
Indian post his or her bribery experience and it also uncovers the "market
price" of corruption in various cities, departments and services.

According to the website, Delhiites, for example, have paid Rs 500-1,000 for
police verification for passports. Mumbaikars have paid a petty Rs 20 to as high
as Rs 21 lakh as bribes to the police. "Paying a bribe is a very lonely
experience. We want to change that," says Swati Ramanathan, co-founder of
Janaagraha, a Bangalore-based NGO that is also steering the ipaidabribe.com
initiative.

What have these cases of petty bribery got to do with the large cases of
corruption -- 2G scam and coalgate are pegged at close to Rs 2 lakh crore --
that executives encounter in their businesses? Prevalence and acceptability of
corruption in India at every level seems cultural. "We wanted to change the
compass of conversation. India needs a firestarter," says Ramanna.

Sunlight is the Best Disinfectant

Ipaidabribe.com provides that platform. The website allows Indians to post their
bribe experiences under four distinct categories -- I Paid a Bribe (captures
incidences of bribery), I Am a Bribe Fighter (experiences where people resisted
bribery), I Met an Honest Officer (recognising honest officers) and I Do Not
Want to Pay a Bribe (educating Indians how to avoid paying a bribe).

While the website does not allow the mention of names, the naming and shaming of
government departments has had some success. For example, the transport
commissioner in Bangalore used the website's feedback to reform its procedures
and minimise bribery cases with a thrust on automation. For example, licences
can now be applied online. In a global first, Bangalore now gives automated
driving test tracks to applicants to bring down the discretionary powers of its
officials.

The largest number of bribe cases (in value) was being reported from the land
registration department. Interestingly, the bribe for the same work varied from
Rs 20,000 to Rs 2 lakh in Bangalore city, with higher bribes being asked for in
new sought-after areas where transactions were larger. Typically, land can only
be registered in the area where it is. Four months back, the chief secretary of
Karnataka government took a step to curb it by increasing the number of
government offices where the registration could be done.

The website's journey has been impressive. It gets 3,000-5,000 hits every day
with 1.4 million hits so far. It has 20,000-plus bribe reports filed from 500
Indian cities. Next year it will boost its reach by focusing on the Hindi
heartland. It is also launching a mobile application where people can use their
phones to file their bribe reports.

The site is getting some global attention -- NGOs from 26 countries showed
interest in replicating the model. It is doing very well in Greece. A similar
site has been created in Pakistan. Inspired, Bhutan's anti-corruption division
has created an online form to allow anonymous reporting of corruption.

In 2014, they are also planning to organise a global meet in India on how to use
crowdsourcing to stem corruption. Says Santosh N Hegde, former Lokayukta in
Karnataka: "This greed over need is going viral. Everybody wants to get rich as
quickly as possible. Public acceptance of corruption is very high.
Ipaidabribe.com is pushing to change that."

Cultural Connotation

Corruption has strong cultural linkages. In India, relationship-based
transactions are common. Political parties compete in doling out favours to
certain castes and groups, thus encouraging corruption. They often use public
office for private gain without any qualms. Access to all kinds of services, big
or small, public or private -- from hospitals to police stations, from schools
to sporting events -- is determined by personal relationships. "This is my
friend and he has to be given special treatment is something Indians are used
to," says Ramanna.



(##include msid=2459375,type=9 ##)

Culture affects the strain and degree of corruption a country faces. For
example, Japan is a very developed country. It scores relatively higher on the
transparency index, but institutional corruption is high there and norms for
transparency very different. Recently, Olympus, a Japanese firm, faced a major
challenge. The company for the first time had hired a non-Japanese CEO who
unearthed an accounting scandal and went public with it. He was promptly fired.
"Apparently, he embarrassed a lot of people and culturally it was not
acceptable," says Ramanna.

Typically, large-scale institutional corruption is more prevalent in repressive,
undemocratic regimes like China. While the US is less corrupt, it looks at and
defines corruption differently. It has legitimised and formalised political
donations by businesses. By making lobbying legitimate, it has also made it
transparent.

India, however, is a class apart.

Democratic, Yet Not Quite There

India has everything that should curb, not catalyse, corruption, says Ramanna.
Democracy, free press, RTI -- all of these push for transparency that should
mitigate corruption. But somehow these commonly understood restrains do not work
in India.

Why? One, there is a hypothesis that democratic institutions do not work as well
in India. "Institutions that push for transparency are not free. Maybe we are
fooling ourselves that we have robust institutions," says Ramanna. For example,
India ranks 131st in the ranking put out by Reporters Without Borders on press
freedom -- worse than countries like Ethiopia, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, Cambodia and
even Bangladesh. India's ranking, in fact, has been slipping over the past few
years.

Similarly, Freedom House puts India in the "partly free" category in the 2012
internet freedom rankings -- below countries like Argentina and Ukraine. The
ranking is hardly unfair. Need proof? Just look at the arrests of two girls for
their Facebook posts.

Two, it is also true that access to many democratic institutions in India is not
equally and universally available to all its citizens in reality. For example,
many victims of corruption do not have real access to courts and police. Either
they are so scared of these institutions that they do not approach them or even
if they do they are not given a good, impartial hearing. Not surprisingly,
people in rural areas have less success with RTI than those in the more informed
urban areas.

Thus, despite all the democratic pillars, corruption rages in India. "In fact,
because of this we have become immune to it as a society. And corruption here
takes a far more virulent form," says Ramanna.

Crowdsourcing Against Corruption

Initiatives like ipaidabribe.com are triggering a welcome shift. "It shows how
collective action can combat corruption at lower levels. Corporates too must
work collectively to fight it," says Ramanna.

Technology is helping in a big way. Internet's reach, scaleability, anonymity
and its crowdsourcing ability can be enormously powerful. This is what Julian
Assange's WikiLeaks tapped into. This is what the Russian website RosPil, which
means to saw off in Russian, is doing. It is also one of the Harvard case
studies, besides ipaidabribe.com.

Founded in 2007 by young Moscow lawyer Alexei Navalny, RosPil is fighting to
combat corruption through media exposure and legal prosecution. RosPil employs a
small number of lawyers full time and is financed by voluntary donation and
relies heavily on crowdsourcing to report, vet and expose corruption in Russia.
This means most of the heavy lifting is being done by 30,000 anonymous
volunteers. It claims to have prevented $1.2 billion worth of corrupt contracts
in Russia.

"The entire initiative is so decentralised that the state machinery will find it
very difficult to shut it down," says Ramanna.

For Reprint Rights: timescontent.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Bennett Coleman & Co. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 23, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

4 Clerks Charged With Taking Bribes from Illegal Immigrants

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 29;  Column 2;  Metropolitan Desk;  Second Front

LENGTH: 1021 words


Over the last four years, a small group of low-paid immigration clerks in
Manhattan took hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to issue employment
authorization cards and other documents to tens of thousands of illegal
immigrants and others who were not entitled to them, Federal officials said
yesterday.

The purported scam -- a virtual case history of how a few obscure workers with
access to valuable, coveted documents can wreak havoc on a system -- was
penetrated in a yearlong Justice Department undercover investigation and
disclosed yesterday after the arrest of four immigration clerks on
bribery-conspiracy charges.

Working with shady "brokers" -- middlemen who worked out of apartments or cars
and often solicited bribes from immigrants on lines at the Immigration and
Naturalization Service at 26 Federal Plaza -- the four defendants were accused
of sharing millions in bribes to issue the genuine documents, prosecutors said.

"We're talking big bribe money," said Robert H. Goodwin, the special agent in
charge of the New York office of the Justice Department's Inspector General,
which conducted the inquiry and announced the arrests. As many as 50,000 people
may have illegally obtained documents from the suspects since 1991, he said.

The defendants, Elizabeth Davis, Milagros Ayala, Geneva McNeil and Preisca
Brown, all clerks in the immigration service's employment authorization unit,
were arrested Thursday, arraigned in a Federal court and released on bonds of
$25,000 each, Mr. Goodwin said. If convicted, each faces up to five years in
jail.

While the suspects are all employed in Manhattan and the offenses allegedly
occurred there, they were arraigned in Federal Court in Brooklyn because the
investigation that led to the arrests began there, Mr. Goodwin said.

In a similar but unrelated case, a special immigration agent in Newark was
arrested Thursday on charges of taking a $4,000 bribe for a metal template used
to create registration cards, known as "green cards," which entitle immigrants
to live and work in the United States. The suspect, DeAndre Rudolph, was
arraigned in Federal Court in Newark and released on $100,000 bond.

Bribery is hardly new among immigration service clerks, some of whom take home
pay as low as $250 a week and yet have access to the service's computers and
document-making machines and thus hold far-reaching power over the lives of
immigrants desperate to remain in this country and to find employment.

An investigation by The New York Times last year of major cases over the last
decade found that immigration service bribery had proliferated like a virus and
that the agency had repeatedly failed to shore up security weaknesses, even when
corruption arrests exposed them over and over again.

The latest arrests were reported yesterday in The Daily News. Mr. Goodwin said
the investigation was continuing and that further arrests were likely.

This scam -- uncovered by the Inspector General's office using a confidential
informant who worked with and secretly tape-recorded conversations with the
defendants -- is among the more common, Mr. Goodwin said. But he noted that its
duration and scale made it an extraordinary case.

By Federal law, Mr. Goodwin said, all employers must check the citizenship or
immigration status of all prospective workers, and for legal and illegal
immigrants, possession of the immigration service's employment authorization
card is often tantamount to obtaining more than menial employment.

Taking advantage of that need, smooth-talking, self-styled immigration "brokers"
charge what the traffic will bear: $500 to $2,000 for an employment
authorization card, Mr. Goodwin said. The money is then shared with dishonest
immigration clerks, who supply the cards but get less than half the cut.

Mr. Goodwin said the investigation began about a year ago when a "broker" was
arrested on an unrelated charge and agreed to identify an employee of the
immigration service who had accepted bribes and might serve as a confidential
informant. The employee was then arrested, agreed to cooperate and subsequently
identified the four defendants as bribe-takers.

In a series of tape-recorded exchanges, the defendants and the confidential
informant were quoted by an undercover agent in affidavits submitted to the
court, giving details of the methods they used, the amount and number of bribes
they had accepted, talking about how difficult it was to conceal dirty money
and, in effect, scoffing at a system that allowed them to get away with it.

"I'm not saying that what we is doing is right or nothing, but the system is
stupid," the informant said.

Ms. Davis agreed, according to the affidavit.

"Didn't they know that there was a possibility that somebody would do something
like this?" the informant asked.

"Why?" Ms. Davis said. "Nothing's logged in the computers."

Some spoke of processing 15 or 20 fraudulently issued documents a day for years
in exchange for bribes ranging from $200 to $350 apiece.

In discussing money they had made from the scheme, Ms. Ayala was quoted in one
affidavit as saying: "every time I think about, I be crying, I be like 'cause I
took 60grand, that's what it was, 60 grand."

"How many people you used to do a week?" the informant asked.

"Man, let me tell you," Ms. Ayala replied, according to the affidavit. "I got
the cards at home in a bag, all the people that I did. Yo, it's like this, the
bag is about this big. Filled over."

Asked by the informant if she wanted more, she was said to have replied: "Of
course, I would. Please. Any moment, jump in a hurry."

At another point, the informant asked Ms. Brown: "How many cards you think you
did all together?"

"All together, or the amount of money I made?" Ms. Brown purportedly said. "It
had to be 30-, 35,000."

Speaking of the difficulty of hiding illegal income, Ms. Davis was quoted as
saying: "Then on top of that you got your money, you don't know where to put it
in. You can't put it in no damn bank. Put it in your son's name? Son is living
with mom. So where is she getting the money? You can't do that."

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              68 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          September 10, 2011 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

6 politicians on state's wall of shame

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: News; pg. 2

LENGTH: 204 words


March 1996:Former House Speaker Charles Flaherty admits he lied to the IRS about
a false tax return. Ordered to pay $24,200 in fines and serve one year of
probation.

Tax evasion, $24,500 fines, 1 year probation.

Jan. 2007: Former House Speaker Thomas Finneran pleads guilty to obstruction of
justice for giving false testimony in a 2003 lawsuit over a legislative
redistricting plan that diluted the clout of minority voters. Sentenced to 18
months' unsupervised probation and fined $25,000.

Obstruction of justice, $25,000 fine, 18 months of probation.

March 2005: Former Quincy City Councilor Michael D'Amico sentenced to four
months in prison after being convicted of taking a $2,500 bribe.

$2,500 bribe, 4 months in prison

Jan. 2011:Former state Sen. Dianne Wilkerson of Boston sentenced to 31/2 years
in prison after pleading guilty to taking bribes totaling $23,500.

$23,500 in bribes, 31/2 years in prison.

Jan. 2011:Former Boston City Councilor Chuck Turner sentenced to three years in
prison after being convicted of taking a $1,000 bribe.

$1,000 bribe, 3 years in prison.

Sept. 2011:Ex-House Speaker Salvatore DiMasi sentenced to 8 years after being
convicted of taking $65,000 in bribes.

$65,000 in bribes, 8 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                              69 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Upper Darby siblings indicted in FBI foreign bribe sting

BYLINE: By John Shiffman and Mari Schaefer; Inquirer Staff Writers

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 648 words


WASHINGTON - A brother and sister who run an Upper Darby military and security
firm were among 22 executives charged yesterday with paying bribes to an
undercover FBI agent they believed was working for an African defense minister.

The Upper Darby siblings, John M. Mushriqui and Jeana Mushriqui, were charged
with agreeing to pay bribes to win a contract to sell 1,800 bulletproof vests.

All the executives charged yesterday sell weapons and protective gear for
military and law enforcement use. The FBI sting targeted a dozen companies based
in Pennsylvania, California, Florida, Arkansas, England, and Israel.

Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer said the case marked the first
wide-scale use of undercover operatives to target American executives under the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which makes it a federal crime to bribe foreign
officials.

"The fight to erase foreign bribery from the corporate playbook will not be won
overnight, but these actions are a turning point," Breuer said.

The Mushriquis could not be reached for comment yesterday. A federal official
said they were making their first court appearance and remained in custody late
yesterday in Nevada, where 21 of 22 defendants were arrested at a trade show.

Their company, Mushriqui Consulting L.L.C., which has only four employees but
does business on six continents, was one of three Pennsylvania companies honored
last year by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce with its "Face of Trade Award" for
increasing jobs through international trade.

The honor was bestowed in early October, just seven days after the FBI alleges
Jeana Mushriqui met in a Washington hotel room with undercover agents to
finalize a deal that included bribes.

According to the indictment, the FBI approached the Mushriquis last spring.

Federal authorities said that an unidentified business associate introduced the
Mushriquis to a salesman who claimed to have a lead on a major deal for
protective gear for the presidential detail of an unnamed African nation. The
self-employed salesman was in fact an undercover FBI agent.

In May, Jeana Mushriqui met the business associate and the sales agent at the
Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Washington. Her brother participated in the meeting by
phone, officials said.

The FBI said Jeana Mushriqui agreed to a key condition of the deal - that she
inflate invoices for the 1,800 bulletproof vests by 20 percent to disguise a
bribe. Federal authorities said that John Mushriqui agreed to the terms,
including the bribe, during a later telephone call.

In June, the Mushriquis' firm received a $13,450 deposit as part of a
preliminary "test deal," officials said, and John Mushriqui wired 20 percent to
an account that he believed to be controlled by the defense minister.

In October, officials said, Jeana Mushriqui met again at the Ritz-Carlton with
the business associate, the original undercover FBI agent, and a second
undercover agent. The new agent purported to represent the African defense
minister, and he told Mushriqui that he was pleased with the first shipment and
was ready to follow through on a larger one. Mushriqui left with a proposed
contract for the second deal, one that also included a 20 percent bribe,
officials said.

Also on Monday, twenty-one related homes and businesses, including the
Mushriquis' firm in Upper Darby, were searched by FBI agents across the country,
from suburban Woodbridge, Va., to rural Arkansas to San Francisco.

The address for the Mushriquis' firm is a two-story stone house near State Road.
The lights were out and no one answered the door there last night. A neighbor,
Joseph Boyle, described the Mushriquis as quiet and nice. "They kept to
themselves," Boyle said.

Michael J. Chitwood, Upper Darby superintendent of police, said the FBI executed
the search warrant there about 2 p.m. Monday.

Contact staff writer John Shiffman at 301-320-6655 or jshiffman@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Former New York City Council Member Daniel Halloran Sentenced in White
Plains Federal Court to 10 Years in Prison for Role in Bribery and Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 1028  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that former New York City Council Member DANIEL HALLORAN was sentenced
today in White Plains federal court to 10 years in prison in connection with his
role in arranging the bribery of New York City Republican leaders to allow New
York State Senator Malcolm Smith, a Democrat, to run as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, and accepting a $15,000 cash bribe in exchange
for designating up to $80,000 in New York City funds to a non-profit entity that
would allow the money to be embezzled through a no-show job. HALLORAN was
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kenneth M. Karas, who presided over the
two-month trial that resulted in Halloran's conviction in August 2014.

U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "When elected officials, like Daniel Halloran,
not only corrupt themselves but, unseen, corrupt the body politic from within
they undermine the public's confidence in a representative form of government. I
would like to thank our law enforcement partners at the FBI and the Rockland
County District Attorney's Office for working with us to ensure that the
defendant was pursued, prosecuted, and faced justice."

According to the Complaint and the Indictment filed in federal court, the
evidence admitted at trial, and statements made at various proceedings in this
case, including today's sentencing:

HALLORAN was elected to the New York City Council in 2009, representing a
district in Queens, New York. While a member of the city council, HALLORAN
participated in two overlapping criminal schemes that involved the payment of
bribes to obtain official action. First, HALLORAN arranged for $110,000 in cash
bribes to be paid to leaders of the Republican Party so that they would allow
Smith to run for mayor on the Republican Party's ballot line. Second, HALLORAN
accepted an up-front kickback of $15,000 for designating up to $80,000 of New
York City Council discretionary funding to a company he believed was controlled
by those who paid him the bribes.

The Bribery of Republican Party Leaders

From November 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN agreed with Smith,
an undercover FBI agent posing as a wealthy real estate developer (the "UC"),
and a cooperating witness ("CW") to bribe New York City Republican Party leaders
in exchange for their authorization of Smith to appear as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, even though Smith is a registered Democrat.

In furtherance of the scheme, HALLORAN arranged for the UC and the CW to meet
Vincent Tabone, the Vice Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party, Joseph
Savino, the Chairman of the Bronx County Republican Party, and other party
leaders. HALLORAN also negotiated the size of bribes that the party leaders
required in order to authorize Smith to run on the Republican ballot line.
During a meeting with the UC, Tabone accepted a $25,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $25,000 after his committee authorized Smith to compete in the
Republican primary. Savino similarly accepted a $15,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $15,000 after he voted to authorize Smith to compete for the
Republican ballot line. In return for his efforts, HALLORAN accepted $15,500 as
a down payment on a "broker's" fee of at least $75,000 and expected to be
appointed First Deputy Mayor if Smith was elected mayor.

Bribery for City Council Discretionary Funding

From August 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN accepted an up-front
kickback of $15,000 cash from the UC and the CW in exchange for agreeing to
steer up to $80,000 in New York City Council discretionary funding to a
consulting company he believed was controlled by the UC and the CW (the
"Company").

At a meeting on September 7, 2012, at which HALLORAN and the UC discussed
HALLORAN's need to raise money for his congressional campaign, HALLORAN agreed
to hire someone of the CW's choosing for a congressional staff or some
equivalent position, and to help him raise money for his campaign. During the
discussion, HALLORAN said: "That's politics, that's politics, it's all about how
much. Not whether or will, it's about how much, and that's our politicians in
New York, they're all like that...And they get like that because of the drive
that the money does for everything else. You can't do anything without the
f***ing money." During the meeting, the CW paid HALLORAN $7,500. And near the
end of the meeting, HALLORAN remarked: "Money is what greases the wheels - good
bad, or indifferent."

In furtherance of this scheme, HALLORAN wrote two letters on New York City
Council letterhead about this funding, one to civic organizations and the other
to the Company. Despite suggesting in these letters that work would be done by
the Company to support the allotment of taxpayer money, HALLORAN agreed with the
UC and the CW that the Company would provide no services.

* * *

In addition to the prison term, HALLORAN, 42, of Queens, New York, was also
sentenced to two years of supervised release, and ordered to forfeit $45,300.
HALLORAN's co-conspirators, Smith and Tabone, were convicted for their roles in
the bribery conspiracy in January 2015 and are currently scheduled to be
sentenced by Judge Karas on July 1, 2015.

In the sentencing of HALLORAN, Judge Karas remarked, "This was a very serious
crime. When a public official gets into cars and takes wads of cash or promises
public money in return for cash to the politician, it is so troubling. It causes
us all to be cynical about our leaders. It causes us to doubt that our leaders
are looking after us. And it's a very serious matter."

Mr. Bharara praised the outstanding investigative work of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Rockland County District Attorney's Office.

This case is being handled by the Office's White Plains Division and Public
Corruption Unit. Assistant United States Attorneys Douglas B. Bloom and Justin
Anderson are in charge of the prosecution.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              71 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 10, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Morris County Physician Admits Taking Bribes in Test Referrals
Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 501  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A physician with a practice in Madison, New Jersey admitted today to accepting
bribes of $2,000 per month in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS) of
Parsippany, New Jersey; its president; and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Wayne Lajewski, 51, pleaded guilty today before U.S. District Judge Stanley R.
Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him with one count of
accepting bribes.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Lajewski admitted he accepted bribes of $2,000 cash per month over two years in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received more
than $850,000.

The bribery count to which Lajewski pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
July 8, 2014. As part of his guilty plea, Lajewski agreed to forfeit $48,000,
representing the bribes he received from BLS.

Including Lajewski, 26 people--including 15 physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

The investigation has recovered more than $7 million to date through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford in Newark; U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors
of the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in
Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's
guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $535 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution, and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act; the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act and
other statutes.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                           November 9, 2011 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE STATE;
EX-DEPUTY ADMITS TAKING JAIL BRIBES

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 292 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


A former sheriff's deputy pleaded guilty Tuesday to taking bribes to smuggle
cocaine into Fulton County Jail, the latest county official nabbed by a growing
federal investigation into the troubled facility.

Marvie Trevino Dingle pleaded guilty in federal court to accepting a bribe to
funnel cocaine to an inmate, and to separate charges of accepting a bribe to
help bring a kilogram of the drug to a north Atlanta suburb.

Dingle faces decades in prison but is likely to be sentenced to far less time
Jan. 24 because he signed a lengthy plea deal in which he pledged to cooperate
with separate investigations into corruption at the jail.

Former detention officer Derick Deshun Frazier pleaded guilty in October to
charges that he accepted a $300 bribe to sneak a cellphone into the jail. Two
other former jailers are facing similar charges.

Sheriff Ted Jackson asked federal authorities to launch an investigation in 2010
after noticing a growing contraband problem.

In other news

GOV. NATHAN DEAL says Geor-gia's tax collections rose by more than 5 percent
last month and are nearly

7 percent ahead of last year for the first four months of the fiscal year. Deal
tempered the news by noting that revenues have been softening since August.

HEALTH INSURERS in Geor-gia have been granted a waiver to a new federal
requirement that they spend certain minimums on patient care and quality. U.S.
officials on Tuesday announced that Georgia is the eighth state to get such a
waiver.

A BOARD OF REGENTS committee voted unanimously without discussion Tuesday to
demolish Rutherford Hall at the University of Georgia. Supporters of historic
preservation in Athens oppose tearing down the dorm, which was designed and
built during the Great Depression.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             August 16, 2013 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Businessman found guilty of conspiring to bribe Indian officials; Nazir Karigar
first person convicted under foreign anti-corruption law

BYLINE: Chloé Fedio, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 768 words


A Canadian businessman "targeted" prominent Indian officials with $450,000 US in
bribes in a failed bid-rigging plot to win an airline security contract, an
Ottawa judge ruled Thursday.

Indian-born Nazir Karigar is the first person convicted under Canada's foreign
anticorruption law for his role in a conspiracy to bribe officials - including
an Indian cabinet minister - between June 2005 and January 2008.

The conviction can carry a sentence of up to 14 years in prison.

Three prior convictions under the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act,
which came into effect in 1999, were made against corporations, not individuals,
after guilty pleas.

Karigar worked for the Ottawa security company CryptoMetrics in its bid to sell
a facial recognition system to Air India, an airline owned and controlled by the
Government of India. CryptoMetrics also operates out of the United States and an
office was set up in Mumbai, India, during the bid-rigging conspiracy, court
heard.

At the outset of Karigar's trial in Sept. 2012, the 65-yearold pleaded not
guilty to the corruption charge.

But on Thursday, Justice Charles Hackland came to the "inescapable conclusion"
that Karigar was "an active and knowledgeable part of a conspiracy to offer
bribes."

He organized a $200,000 US bribe for the co-chair of the selection committee for
the Air India security project and a $250,000 US bribe for then-minister of
civil aviation Praful Patel.

Karigar's defence team argued that there was no evidence that a bribe was
actually offered or paid.

Hackland agreed, but ruled Karigar was still guilty because he entered into a
conspiracy to do so.

"Moreover, to require proof of the offer of or the receipt of a bribe and the
identity of a particular recipient would require evidence from a foreign
jurisdiction, possibly putting foreign nationals at risk, and would make the
legislation difficult, if not impossible, to enforce and possibly offend
international comity," Hackland said.

Email chains and money transfers from CryptoMetrics USA to Karigar's bank
account provide "strong circumstantial evidence" of bribery, he said.

CryptoMetrics USA had entered into a letter of agreement with Karigar in March
2007 that it would provide $250,000 "to secure the Air India contract." The
money was expected to be returned if the contract was not secured.

In May 2007, Karigar told a Canadian trade commissioner in Mumbai that he had
paid a bribe to Patel and that "we do know he received the money," court heard.

After Karigar had a falling out with his American co-conspirators, CryptoMetrics
USA launched a lawsuit in the U.S. to "recover the last bribery advance of
$250,000," Hackland said.

Meanwhile, Karigar emailed the fraud section of the U.S. Department of Justice
to report that the chief executive officer and the chief operating officer of
CryptoMetrics USA were involved in an Air India bribery scheme.

Under the alias "Buddy," Karigar wrote in a January 2008 email that $200,000 was
paid to ensure only two companies were qualified to tender bids and that
$250,000 was paid "for the minister to bless the system."

The final line of the email read, "What about my immunity?" Karigar admitted to
RCMP that he was Buddy.

The Crown's case relief heavily on the testimony of Robert Bell, a
co-conspirator "intimately involved in virtually the entire course of events,"
Hackland said.

Bell, a vice-president at CryptoMetrics Canada, was offered immunity from
prosecution for his co-operation. Hackland accepted Bell's evidence, which was
given "in a careful and understated manner."

Bell testified that Karigar approached him in June 2005 with information that
Air India wanted technology to battle passenger identification fraud. Karigar
identified himself as the president of a firm called IPCON that had done
business in India and had "good contacts" within Air India.

CryptoMetrics Canada received inside information about the requirements of the
contract, including a copy of the draft tender months before it was officially
issued by Air India. Bell testified that it wasn't until April 2006 that bribes
were discussed with him.

After the CryptoMetrics team submitted a proposal in June 2006, the same group
developed a second bid at a higher price under the name IPCON, Karigar's firm.

"This was designed to give the false impression that there existed a competitive
bidding situation," Hackland said.

Karigar's lawyers, Israel Gencher and Martin Reesink, refused to comment on the
decision until after sentencing, which has yet to be scheduled.

"Obviously, we're disappointed," Gencher said.

cfedio@ottawacitizen.com twitter.com/cfedio

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike Carroccetto, Ottawa Citizen; Nazir Karigar, flanked by lawyers
Martin Reesink, left, and Israel Gencher, right, leaves the Elgin Street
courthouse after he was convicted Thursday under Canada's foreign
anti-corruption law for conspiring to bribe officials in India.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Washington: New York Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with
New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with a practice in Rockville Centre, New York, today admitted accepting
bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate
scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany,
New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Brett Halper, 41, of Glen Head, New York, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Halper, 38 people--26 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.5 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Halper admitted that from January 2011 through April 2013, he accepted bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was often paid in excess
of $5,000 per month. Halper's referrals generated approximately $2,900,000 in
lab business for BLS.

The bribery count to which Halper pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
June 30, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 21, 2004 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

BRIBE STING SNARES LAWYER

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI AND BILL HUTCHINSON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 262 words


A big-shot Brooklyn lawyer was charged yesterday with taking $11,000 in bribes
from unscrupulous buyers of foreclosed properties, officials said.

Edward Reich, 67, vice president of the state Bar Association, was accused of
using his position as a court-appointed referee to line his own pockets.

From May 2002 to June 2003, Reich allegedly accepted bribes in exchange for
lowering prices on foreclosed properties after winning bids were already
accepted.

In one case, Reich took $20,000 off the sales price of a Flatbush parcel after
the winning bidder, Jonathan Einhorn of Manhattan, allegedly paid him a $2,000
bribe, Brooklyn Federal Court records show.

When Einhorn later decided not to buy the property, Reich accepted a $1,000
bribe before giving back Einhorn's deposit, officials said.

Einhorn, 37, was also arrested yesterday. He was charged with bribery and
released after posting $200,000 bail.

The arrests came about after FBI officials were tipped off last year about
Reich's bribe-taking and set up a sting, officials said.

Reich allegedly accepted a $2,000 bribe from an undercover agent and a
confidential informant to lower the price of their winning bid on
Bedford-Stuyvesant property by $45,000.

In a secretly recorded conversation with the confidential informant, Reich said,
"You have no idea how improper this is," according to court records.

Reich, released last night after posting $500,000 bail, is also the former
president of the Kings County Bar Association and co-head of its judicial
screening committee.

Reich's attorney did not return calls for comment.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              76 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  August 1, 1993, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Bribe or Not?

SECTION: Section 8; Page 9; Column 5; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 98 words


To the Sports Editor:

Since Dave Anderson is so clear about what constitutes bribery ("Honesty and
Culpability: A Bribe Is a Bribe," The Times, July 4), I would be curious to know
what he thinks about the actions of a city government that tells the owner of a
sports team that it will build him a brand-new stadium (at a site he determines)
and provide him with huge tax incentives to keep the team in place.

Or, what is an owner doing when he threatens to leave that city unless such
offers are made?

Apparently, a bribe isn't always a bribe.

HERMAN KILENDER
Brooklyn

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              77 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 11, 1989, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MAYOR OF EAST ST. LOUIS DENIES HE DEMANDED BRIBES

BYLINE: Michael D. Sorkin Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1107 words


Mayor Carl E. Officer denied on Wednesday allegations in a civil suit that he
had demanded $500,000 in bribes from a developer on the East St. Louis
riverfront project.  The mayor acknowledged at a news conference at City Hall
that he had appeared before one or more grand juries investigating the
riverfront project.  But he said he couldn't recall which grand juries had
questioned him, what he had been asked or what he had answered.  ''There's been
so many of them,'' he said. ''I just take them as a day-to-day routine.'' The
riverfront project is a $473 million proposal that Officer says will transform
East St. Louis from one of the country's poorest municipalities into a thriving
city.  Critics say that after more than three years and $25 million in expenses,
not one brick has been laid nor one shovel of dirt turned. The money has gone to
bond underwriters, lawyers and consultants and for airplane, food and hotel
bills.  TechniCo-op of Bridgeport, Conn., the company hired to oversee
riverfront development, claims in its suit that Officer personally demanded
$500,000 in bribes on three occasions and that a representative of the mayor
made a fourth bribe demand.  Officer denied the allegation. He said: ''First of
all, they never say in any complaint that I ever asked for anything. That's the
thing that I think needs to be very clear.'' In a petition filed May 4 in U.S.
District Court in Manhattan, TechniCo-op alleges: ''Officer has abused his
powers as the city's mayor to scuttle the project after (TechniCo-op rebuffed
his demand for a bribe, which the mayor attempted to disguise as a finder's fee
for an unrelated project.'' The company claims it was fired from the project
after rebuffing Officer.  TechniCo-op is seeking more than $60 million in
damages from Officer, East St.  Louis and other defendants.  Eric E. Vickers,
corporate counsel for the city and personal attorney for the mayor, said the
allegations had been designed to embarrass Officer.  ''It's just an effort . . .
to try to coerce some sort of settlement out of the city,'' Vickers insisted.
Officer said he was optimistic that construction would start on the riverfront
project sometime this year, but he would not be more specific.  He also said he
was confident that the project would be expanded beyond its original budget of
$473 million.  The city issued bonds for the project in December 1985. Officer
said others, whom he would not identify, were to blame for the lack of
construction during the last three years.  ''. . . We had to go through a puzzle
or a maze . . . of clearing up and going around some questionable characters,''
he said.  On another matter, Officer said that two police officers were
continuing their duties with the city narcotics squad despite criticism from St.
Clair County State's Attorney John Baricevic.  In a letter April 28 to the
police department, Baricevic said: ''The arrest of Joe Davis cast an unfortunate
shadow over your department.'' Davis is a minister and confidant of the mayor.
He is accused of heading a major cocaine ring and is awaiting trial.  Baricevic
wrote: ''I, personally, have seen your drug officers provide security and
chauffeur Joe Davis. Those activities make them poor risks as witnesses in drug
cases.'' Baricevic said he would refuse to issue drug charges in any case where
the two police officers are ''substantive witnesses.'' ''I will not . . . make
my prosecutors try cases where prosecution witnesses are also bodyguards for an
alleged drug kingpin,'' Baricevic wrote.  Vickers called the prosecutor's action
absurd. Vickers said the two narcotics officers had initiated the investigation
that led to the charges against Davis.  ''These two police officers are also
going to be government witnesses against Rev. Davis,'' Vickers said. ''Now Mr.
Baricevic is declining to use them in the future because, supposedly, of their
affiliation with Rev.  Davis.  It makes no sense.'' Baricevic has not discussed
his action against the two East St. Louis officers.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              78 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Four Businessmen and Two Foreign Officials Plead Guilty in Connection with
Bribes Paid to Mexican Aviation Officials

LENGTH: 954  words


Charges were unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded guilty
for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials in order to secure
aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and controlled
entities, and two for conspiring to launder the proceeds of the schemes.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson of the Southern District of
Texas, Special Agent in Charge Mark Dawson of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcements Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston, Special
Agent in Charge Shane Folden of ICE-HSI in San Antonio and Special Agent in
Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigations (IRS-CI)
Houston Field Office made the announcement.

The six convictions announced today demonstrate the departments commitment to
holding accountable those who further official corruption through bribery, said
Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  These convictions are the result of a
coordinated effort by prosecutors and agents who built the cases brick by brick
using traditional law enforcement techniques.

HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials, said Special Agent in Charge Folden.  This case serves as a reminder
that HSI will use all its resources to identify, investigate and dismantle these
criminal networks wherever they operate.

The individuals involved in this scheme paid millions of dollars in bribes to
foreign officials in exchange for aviation contracts that placed legitimate
businesses at a significant competitive disadvantage, said Special Agent in
Charge Goss.  IRS-CIs role in unraveling this scheme assisted in facilitating
the guilty pleas that were announced today.

Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, Texas, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a citizen
of Mexico, pleaded guilty on Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively, before
U.S. District Judge Alfred H. Bennett of the Southern District of Texas to
conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy to
commit wire fraud.  Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of
Brownsville, Texas, both pleaded guilty on Nov. 2, 2016, before U.S. District
Judge Ricardo H. Hinojosa of the Southern District of Texas to one count of
conspiring to violate the FCPA.  Ramnarine and Perez are scheduled to be
sentenced on Jan. 30, 2017.  Ray and Valdez Pinon are scheduled to be sentenced
Feb. 23, 2016.

Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both of whom
are citizens of Mexico and were previous officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.  Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty before Judge Bennett on Dec. 9,
2015, and is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 12, 2017.  Nevarez pleaded guilty
before Judge Hinojosa on March 4, 2016, and was sentenced to 15 months in prison
on May 27, 2016.

According to the defendants plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials.  The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.
Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials.  As
part of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayors state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.

Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.  As part of his
guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican public
university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for taking
certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the university.
Nevarez also admitted that he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others to
launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.

In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.

ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are investigating the case.  Trial Attorneys Christopher
Cestaro and Kevin R. Gingras of the Criminal Divisions Fraud Section and
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse Salazar and Arthur Jones of the Southern District
of Texas are prosecuting the case.  The Criminal Divisions Office of
International Affairs also provided significant assistance.

The Criminal Divisions Fraud Section is responsible for investigating and
prosecuting all FCPA matters.  Additional information about the departments FCPA
enforcement efforts can be found at www.justice.gov /criminal/fraud/fcpa. 2016
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2017 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Four Businessmen and Two Foreign Officials Plead Guilty in Connection with
Bribes Paid to Mexican Aviation Officials

LENGTH: 954  words


Charges were unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded guilty
for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials in order to secure
aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and controlled
entities, and two for conspiring to launder the proceeds of the schemes.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson of the Southern District of
Texas, Special Agent in Charge Mark Dawson of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcements Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston, Special
Agent in Charge Shane Folden of ICE-HSI in San Antonio and Special Agent in
Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigations (IRS-CI)
Houston Field Office made the announcement.

The six convictions announced today demonstrate the departments commitment to
holding accountable those who further official corruption through bribery, said
Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  These convictions are the result of a
coordinated effort by prosecutors and agents who built the cases brick by brick
using traditional law enforcement techniques.

HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials, said Special Agent in Charge Folden.  This case serves as a reminder
that HSI will use all its resources to identify, investigate and dismantle these
criminal networks wherever they operate.

The individuals involved in this scheme paid millions of dollars in bribes to
foreign officials in exchange for aviation contracts that placed legitimate
businesses at a significant competitive disadvantage, said Special Agent in
Charge Goss.  IRS-CIs role in unraveling this scheme assisted in facilitating
the guilty pleas that were announced today.

Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, Texas, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a citizen
of Mexico, pleaded guilty on Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively, before
U.S. District Judge Alfred H. Bennett of the Southern District of Texas to
conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy to
commit wire fraud.  Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of
Brownsville, Texas, both pleaded guilty on Nov. 2, 2016, before U.S. District
Judge Ricardo H. Hinojosa of the Southern District of Texas to one count of
conspiring to violate the FCPA.  Ramnarine and Perez are scheduled to be
sentenced on Jan. 30, 2017.  Ray and Valdez Pinon are scheduled to be sentenced
Feb. 23, 2016.

Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both of whom
are citizens of Mexico and were previous officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.  Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty before Judge Bennett on Dec. 9,
2015, and is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 12, 2017.  Nevarez pleaded guilty
before Judge Hinojosa on March 4, 2016, and was sentenced to 15 months in prison
on May 27, 2016.

According to the defendants plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials.  The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.
Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials.  As
part of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayors state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.

Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.  As part of his
guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican public
university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for taking
certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the university.
Nevarez also admitted that he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others to
launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.

In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.

ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are investigating the case.  Trial Attorneys Christopher
Cestaro and Kevin R. Gingras of the Criminal Divisions Fraud Section and
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse Salazar and Arthur Jones of the Southern District
of Texas are prosecuting the case.  The Criminal Divisions Office of
International Affairs also provided significant assistance.

The Criminal Divisions Fraud Section is responsible for investigating and
prosecuting all FCPA matters.  Additional information about the departments FCPA
enforcement efforts can be found at www.justice.gov /criminal/fraud/fcpa. 2016
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 14, 1983, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SOUTHLAND OFFICIAL IN BRIBE PLEA

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section D; Page 5, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 626 words


A vice president of the Southland Corporation, which runs the nationwide
7-Eleven convenience-store chain, pleaded guilty yesterday to conspiring to
bribe New York State tax officials to fix sales tax cases involving the chain.

No official has been charged with receiving a bribe in the scheme.

At the plea proceeding in Federal District Court in Brooklyn, it was also
indicated that the company official, Eugene De Falco, had testified Monday
before a grand jury known to be investigating whether other top Southland
officials were also involved in the scheme.

According to one court document in the case - a letter that a prosecutor sent to
an attorney for Southland in June - ''the co-conspirators known to the
Government at this time include John Thompson.'' John P. Thompson is chairman
and chief executive officer of the Dallas-based Southland, which says it is the
11th-largest retailer in the country.

'Denies Any Wrongdoing'

Southland's general counsel, John Rodgers, said yesterday that Mr. Thompson
''denies any wrongdoing,'' as do other company officials. Mr. Rodgers also said
he could not comment on Mr. De Falco's guilty plea, but he added of the company
itself, ''We intend to go to trial and defend our position vigorously.''

Southland has also been charged with conspiracy in the case and has pleaded not
guilty. The trial of the company and Mr. De Falco had been tentatively scheduled
to begin today. Late yesterdy, it was not clear whether the trial of Southland
alone would go forward today.

James D. Harmon Jr., the prosecutor, said, ''It may be necessary to analyze
further the effect of De Falco's plea on what happens next in the case.''

The Government has not charged that bribes had actually been offered or paid in
the scheme, nor has it said which state tax officials might have been the target
of any planned payments. Rather, it charged that beginning in 1977, Southland
and Mr. De Falco, then manager of the company's northeastern stores division,
conspired with Eugene F. Mastropieri, then a New York City Councilman from
Queens, to bribe one or more state tax officials.

'Slush Fund'

The indictment charged that Mr. Mastropieri was to be an ''intermediary'' and
received $96,500 from Southland, out of which a $20,000 ''slush fund'' was
created for the bribe payments. It also said that $50,000 of the total was a
''kickback'' to Mr. De Falco.

Mr. Mastropieri has denied the charges against him and was to be tried
separately from Mr. De Falco and Southland.

According to the statements of Federal agents in the court file, Mr. De Falco
told them in 1980 that the scheme was aimed at getting a favorable ruling from
state tax officials in a ''major dispute'' over the sales tax liability due on
certain 7-Eleven franchises in New York State that had defaulted. ''The
contingent liability was well over a million dollars,'' the agents said Mr. De
Falco had told them.

Mr. De Falco, a 43-year-old resident of Dallas, faces up to five years in prison
and a fine of up to $10,000 when he is sentenced Nov. 4 by Judge Charles P.
Sifton. He remains free until then. The Government agreed that in return for the
guilty plea to one conspiracy count, it would drop three fraud counts against
him.

Mr. Harmon said there was no agreement under which Mr. De Falco would testify
before the grand jury in return for a benefit from the prosecution. Rather, Mr.
Harmon said, Judge Sifton had issued an order that Mr. De Falco testify at the
grand jury, and ''if he's forced to tell the story, he will tell it.''

Mr. De Falco's lawyer, Andrew Maloney, declined to say why his client decided to
plead guilty. The decision appeared so sudden that the plea proceeding was not
even listed on the court calendar.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              81 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: New York Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New
Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 499  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

NEWARK, NJ--A doctor with a practice in Rockville Centre, New York, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Brett Halper, 41, of Glen Head, New York, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Halper, 38 people--26 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.5 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Halper admitted that from January 2011 through April 2013, he accepted bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was often paid in excess
of $5,000 per month. Halper's referrals generated approximately $2,900,000 in
lab business for BLS.

The bribery count to which Halper pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
June 30, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              82 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Arizona: Former Employee of U.S. Contractor in Afghanistan Indicted for Bribery

LENGTH: 400  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A former employee of a U.S. contractor was indicted today in the Eastern
District of Texas for allegedly soliciting and accepting bribes in exchange for
his influence in awarding U.S. government-funded contracts in Afghanistan,
announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney John Malcolm Bales of the
Eastern District of Texas.

George E. Green, 57, of Carrollton, Texas, was charged with conspiracy to
structure financial transactions to avoid currency transaction reporting
requirements, wire fraud and receipt of bribes in connection with a program
receiving federal funds.

According to the indictment, Green was the former director of contracts,
procurement and grants for International Relief and Development Inc. (IRD), and
was part of a cooperative agreement between IRD and the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID) that sought to promote long-term agricultural
development in specific areas in Afghanistan.

The indictment alleges that while working for IRD in Afghanistan, Green
solicited and received bribes totaling $66,000 from a representative of an
Afghan firm that contracted with IRD.  Some of those bribe payments were
allegedly wired directly to an Italian automobile dealer for Green's benefit.
After returning to Texas, Green allegedly attempted to conceal the bribe
proceeds by engaging in a conspiracy to structure cash deposits into his bank
and credit card accounts to avoid mandatory cash reporting requirements.
Additionally, even after leaving IRD, Green allegedly continued to solicit
bribes from the Afghan firm by falsely claiming that he still had the ability to
influence the contracting process.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the Office of Special Inspector General for
Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), FBI and USAID Office of Inspector General.
The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Mark H. Dubester on detail to the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section from SIGAR and Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin
McClendon of the Eastern District of Texas.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Washington: Former President Of The Costa Rican Soccer Federation And
Member-Elect Of The FIFA Executive Committee Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And
Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 639  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Eduardo Li pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud, and wire fraud conspiracy in connection
with his receipt of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media
and marketing rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches and his authorization
of international friendly matches played by the Costa Rican national soccer
team, among other conduct.  Li, the president of the Costa Rican soccer
federation (FEDEDUT) from 2007 to 2015, was a member-elect of the FIFA executive
committee at the time of his arrest in Zurich on May 27, 2015 and a member of
the CONCACAF executive committee from 2013 to 2015.  As part of his plea, Li
agreed to forfeit $668,000.  At sentencing, Li faces a maximum sentence of 20
years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place before United States
District Judge Pamela K. Chen.



 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.

 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, Li
negotiated and accepted bribes totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars in
exchange for exercising his influence as the president of FEDEFUT to award a
Florida sports marketing company a contract for the media and marketing rights
to the Costa Rican national soccer team's home World Cup qualifier matches for
the 2022 edition of the World Cup.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank
accounts to Li using intermediaries in the United States and Costa Rica.  Li
also accepted tens of thousands of dollars in bribes, which were also
transmitted from bank accounts in the United States, in exchange for exercising
his influence as president of FEDEFUT to authorize friendly matches played by
the Costa Rican national soccer team.

 In addition, Li agreed to accept a $500,000 bribe from intermediaries in Panama
in exchange for exercising his influence as president of FEDEFUT to award an
American company the contract to serve as the uniform sponsor for the Costa
Rican national soccer team.  The intermediaries told Li not to tell anyone at
the uniform sponsor about the bribe.  Li received approximately $230,000 of the
bribe money from the intermediaries in cash United States currency in 2014 and
2015 but was arrested before he could receive the balance.

 Finally, Li embezzled for his own use over $90,000 of funds that FIFA sent to
FEDEFUT to support the 2014 Under 17 FIFA Women's World Cup soccer tournament,
which was held in Costa Rica.  Li diverted these funds through a scheme
involving bogus invoices.

 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.

 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.

 The government's investigation is ongoing.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Riding along $leazy (sleazy) street 47 in building-inspect 'bribe' busts

BYLINE: Antonio Antenucci and Bob Fredericks

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 366 words


Greedy city building inspectors and their supervisors took bribes and lavish
gifts - including a pair of SUVs and a cruise - from landlords and their
operatives to whitewash dangerous code violations at properties in Manhattan,
Brooklyn and Queens, authorities said Tuesday.

Nearly 50 people - including 16 city employees and 31 landlords, property
managers and expeditors - were busted in an early-morning raid for taking a
total of $450,000 in bribes, Manhattan DA Cyrus Vance Jr. said.

Properties protected by the crooked Buildings Department officials included
landmark Manhattan bars such as Jack Dempsey's, The Playwright Tavern and
McHale's, but the bribes were paid out to cover up violations at scores of other
properties including a Brooklyn synagogue, Vance said.

The crooked inspectors in some cases quashed violations that threatened people's
safety, said Mark Peters, commissioner of the city's Department of
Investigation, which along with the NYPD and Brooklyn and Manhattan DA's
offices, conducted the wide-ranging probe.

In one case, Donald O'Connor, 44, of Floral Park, the Buildings chief of
development for Manhattan construction, allegedly took bribes from Frank Dwyer,
61, of The Bronx, owner of the famed Manhattan bars, to give him a heads up
about upcoming inspections and have complaints dismissed.

O'Connor was released after posting $75,000 bail.

Other cases involved an "expeditor" identified as David Weiszer, 65, an
Allentown, Pa., resident who fled to Vermont after his home was searched last
October.

Weiszer allegedly bribed the then-chief of development for Brooklyn, who was not
identified in court papers, giving him and his wife, Janelle Daly, 37, of
Allentown $200,000 for home mortgage payments, a Nissan Rogue, a GMC SUV, and a
Royal Caribbean cruise and other gifts to make sure the buildings he represented
would pass inspections.

The suspects were being arraigned throughout the day in Manhattan and Brooklyn.

The two-year probe that led to the arrests, Vance said, was sparked by an honest
building department inspector who was offered a bribe and blew the whistle.
Additional reporting by Kathleen Culliton

rfredericks@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scheme Collapse: One of the dozens of people charged in the city
building bribery scandal is brought into Manhattan court Tuesday. [Steven
Hirsch]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Former Employee of U.S. Contractor in Afghanistan Indicted for Bribery

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

A former employee of a U.S. contractor was indicted today in the Eastern
District of Texas for allegedly soliciting and accepting bribes in exchange for
his influence in awarding U.S. government-funded contracts in Afghanistan,
announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney John Malcolm Bales of the
Eastern District of Texas.

George E. Green, 57, of Carrollton, Texas, was charged with conspiracy to
structure financial transactions to avoid currency transaction reporting
requirements, wire fraud and receipt of bribes in connection with a program
receiving federal funds.

According to the indictment, Green was the former director of contracts,
procurement and grants for International Relief and Development Inc. (IRD), and
was part of a cooperative agreement between IRD and the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID) that sought to promote long-term agricultural
development in specific areas in Afghanistan.

The indictment alleges that while working for IRD in Afghanistan, Green
solicited and received bribes totaling $66,000 from a representative of an
Afghan firm that contracted with IRD.  Some of those bribe payments were
allegedly wired directly to an Italian automobile dealer for Green's benefit.
After returning to Texas, Green allegedly attempted to conceal the bribe
proceeds by engaging in a conspiracy to structure cash deposits into his bank
and credit card accounts to avoid mandatory cash reporting requirements.
Additionally, even after leaving IRD, Green allegedly continued to solicit
bribes from the Afghan firm by falsely claiming that he still had the ability to
influence the contracting process.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the Office of Special Inspector General for
Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), FBI and USAID Office of Inspector General.
The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Mark H. Dubester on detail to the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section from SIGAR and Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin
McClendon of the Eastern District of Texas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Dublin woman pleads guilty in military bribe scheme

BYLINE: By Kristin J. Bender Oakland Tribune

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; Crime; Contra Costa;
News; Local

LENGTH: 297 words


SACRAMENTO -- A 40-year-old Dublin woman pleaded guilty Wednesday to conspiring
to bribe a public official in exchange for military contracts, federal officials
said.

Lida Amin, who has addresses in both Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Dublin,
and her brother Nabil Amin traveled to Budapest last September to discuss bribes
with a U.S. Air Force contract administrator, according to a statement from the
U.S. Attorney's office. Authorities did not release information about the
contract administrator.

Last August, a federal grand jury charged both Amins with conspiring to bribe a
public official in exchange for a military contract to supply medical clothing
and linens that were to be shipped to Afghanistan via Travis Air Force Base.

An indictment filed in California earlier this month charges both with
conspiracy and three counts of using interstate commerce -- physically
transporting goods on Interstate 80 and using email -- to aid in bribery
schemes, federal officials said Wednesday.

Between 2007 to 2010, Lida Amin engaged in a related scheme for which she is
facing federal charges in Texas. Authorities say she conspired to bribe an Air
Force contracting officer serving in Afghanistan for $30,000.

The charges to which Lida Amin pleaded guilty Wednesday ¿are linked to a second
round of contacts with the same contracting officer, according to federal
officials.

Last August, she was arrested in Prague after she traveled there to meet with
the contract administrator. She has been extradited to Texas and is scheduled to
enter a plea later this month to the charges brought in Texas for the earlier
bribery scheme. She will be sentenced in September.

Nabil Amin is scheduled for a status conference in Sacramento on July 9.

Follow Kristin J. Bender at Twitter.com/kjbender .

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              87 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

North Jersey Doctor Sentenced to One Year of House Arrest and Three Years'
Probation

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A doctor with a practice in Paterson, New Jersey, was sentenced today to three
years' probation, which includes one year of house arrest with electronic
monitoring, for accepting more than $200,000 in bribes from Parsippany, New
Jersey-based Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS) as part of a
long-running scheme operated by the lab, its president, and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Claudio Dicovsky, 52, of Fort Lee, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one
count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark
federal court.

Including Dicovsky, 33 people - 22 of them physicians - have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Dicovsky admitted he agreed with BLS president David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain
Lakes, New Jersey, to accept bribes in exchange for his referral of blood
specimens. To disguise those bribes, Dicovsky and BLS entered into a sham lease
agreement and a sham service agreement in which the monthly bribe payments of
more than $5,000 were characterized as "lease" and "service" payments. While the
lease agreement purported to be for 1,000 square feet of space, little or no
space was allocated to BLS in Dicovsky's medical office in Paterson. Between
November 2006 and August 2009, Dicovsky received more than $224,000 in bribe
payments from BLS, and BLS made more than $800,000 through testing on blood
specimens referred by Dicovsky.

In addition to probation and house arrest, Judge Chesler fined Dicovsky $75,000
and sentenced him to 1,500 hours of community service. He must also forfeit more
than $222,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $620 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           December 1, 2012 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Murdoch may face fines if stories based on bribes

BYLINE: Katherine Rushton; Jonathan Russell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 39

LENGTH: 510 words


RUPERT Murdoch's News Corporation could be forced to surrender any profits it
made from information secured through bribery, legal experts have warned.

Bettina Jordan-Barber, a senior Ministry of Defence official, allegedly received
around £100,000 in payments between 2004 and 2011 for information which formed
the basis of a series of news stories in The Sun newspaper.

The Securities and Exchange Commission in the United States is likely to examine
how News Corp accounted for these alleged payments, American lawyers have said,
and could charge the media giant with false accounting if any such bribes were
not declared.

If News Corp were charged, the SEC would then have the right to levy substantial
fines on the company using a process known as "profit disgorgement", effectively
forcing it to hand over any of the profits it made using the illegally secured
information.

Although any alleged bribes would have been paid in the UK, the United
States-based parent company News Corp could be liable in the US.

Thomas Fox, a Houston-based lawyer specialising in America's Foreign and Corrupt
Practices Act, told The Daily Telegraph: "The FCPA has two parts. The first
says, 'Thou shalt not bribe'. And the second says, 'If thou dost bribe, thou
shalt record that bribe correctly'. Of course no one does and so they face this
second charge of [not keeping] accurate books and records."

Most companies that are charged with false accounting of bribes are found guilty
of bribing officials to secure lucrative contracts and are forced to hand over
the profits from those deals. Mr Fox said it would "be much more difficult to
establish the profits" in the case of News Corporation's UK newspaper division,
News International, where bribery was allegedly used to secure information for
news stories. But he added that the SEC "would find a way".

The media giant also faces increasing pressure from America's Department of
Justice, after the Crown Prosecution Service said that Mrs Jordan-Barber is to
be charged alongside Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News
International, and John Kay, The Sun's former long-standing chief reporter, over
the alleged illegal payments.

"This puts it directly into the line of fire for an FCPA allegation and puts
pressure on the Department of Justice to look at this even more closely than if
it were phone-hacking alone, or a policeman on the beat. We are talking about
[alleged] bribery of a senior government official," said Mr Fox.

James Murdoch, deputy chief operating officer of News Corp and the former
chairman of News International, could be prosecuted "as part of a group or as an
individual for either approving the payments or burying his head in the sand",
Mr Fox added.

The ongoing investigations into alleged wrongdoing at News International
prompted the recent decision to split the parent company News Corp in two. The
film and media businesses will be contained in one unit with the newspapers
being spun out into a separate vehicle.

A News Corporation spokesman declined to comment.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2012 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 27, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test Referral Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An internist with a practice in Montclair, New Jersey, admitted today accepting
bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated
by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey; its
president; and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Charles Goldberg, 60, of West Orange, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Goldberg, 23 people--12 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in these and related cases and statements made in
court:

Goldberg admitted accepting bribes of $1,800 per month through a sham lease
agreement with BLS, which identified the waiting room, bathroom, and one
examination room in Goldberg's office as being leased.

The bribery count to which Goldberg pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. He will be sentenced on a
date to be determined. As part of his guilty plea, Goldberg agreed to forfeit
$58,000, representing the bribes he received from BLS.

The BLS investigation has recovered more than $7 million to date through
forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $535 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution, and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act; the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; and
other statutes.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 30, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Bribe Givers Face Penalties In Crackdown

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1379 words


Seeking new strategies to deter corruption, the Koch administration said
yesterday that it would crack down on businesses that offer or pay bribes to
municipal inspectors.

Under the plan, New York City for the first time will warn thousands of
businesses and landlords directly that they face criminal prosecution, fines and
suspension of their operating licenses if they are implicated in the offering or
paying of bribes to inspectors who enforce health and safety codes.

Previously, criminal or civil charges were rarely brought against bribe givers.
They were generally viewed by prosecutors and officials as victims whose
evidence might be needed to convict or dismiss city employees accused of
corruption.

Revised Inspection Rules

The new policy was disclosed in a directive to the heads of 11 agencies ordering
them to vastly revise licensing and inspection regulations and enforcement
procedures. According to city records, 3,000 employees at the agencies conduct
about 3.5 million inspections each year.

Among the businesses subject to a variety of inspections and license
requirements are construction contractors, commercial and residential buildings,
taxi companies and restaurants.

The directive was issued to the agency chiefs on Monday, five days after 28
current and former inspectors and supervisors in the Health Department were
charged with extorting hundreds of thousands of dollars in payoffs and gifts
from more than 300 restaurants.

Charges Against Bribe Givers

According to the Federal accusations, 22 employees and 6 retired inspectors were
bribed since the early 1980's to certify that the restaurants had complied with
city sanitary regulations.

Federal prosecutors in Brooklyn, who are in charge of the restaurant-extortion
case, have said it is unlikely that criminal charges would be brought against
owners or employees of the restaurants who made payoffs.

The prosecutors said many of the bribe givers were victimized by the inspectors
and that their cooperation would be sought.

A spokesman for the Health Department, Marvin Bogner, said yesterday that
inspections of restaurants would resume this week, possibly as soon as today.
The inspections were discontinued Thursday when 18 field inspectors and 4
supervisors were arrested and suspended from their jobs.

When restaurant inspections resume, they will be conducted under new procedures
established to tighten controls over inspectors and supervisors, city officials
said.

Since 1984, the Koch administration has been dogged by Federal and state
corruption cases at major city agencies, including the Parking Violations
Bureau, the Buildings Department, the Fire Department and the Board of
Education.

The directive on new inspection standards and procedures for the 11 agencies,
including the Department of Health, was prepared by the Department of
Investigation, the unit responsible for rooting out corruption in agencies under
the control of the Mayor's office.

Obligation to Report Bribes

''The idea is to create mutual distrust where each side has something to lose if
a bribe is uncovered,'' Peg Breen, a spokeswoman for the Investigation
Department, said of the policy to penalize private businesses. ''This is the
first attempt the city has made to put in an affirmative obligation on the part
of business owners to report bribe attempts.''

Kevin Frawley, the Investigation Commissioner, said business proprietors would
be warned in writing that they face suspensions or loss of licenses if they fail
to report extortion demands. He emphasized that he and other city officials
would in the future urge Federal and local officials to prosecute ''the bribe
givers as well as the takers.''

The Investigation Department has no prosecutorial power and must turn over
evidence of criminal wrongdoing to Federal and state prosecutors.

Under the directive, the heads each of the 11 agencies must provide each place
of business that is inspected with a written explanation of the inspection
process. The advisory also must state that ''the offering or payment of a bribe
or a gratuity is a criminal offense.''

Shifts in Supervisors

The advisory must be written ''in plain English'' and in as many other languages
as deemed necessary, the directive said.

In another major change aimed at deterring corruption opportunities, the agency
heads were told to periodically rotate assignments for inspectors and
supervisors. Additionally, the agencies must introduce more stringent ''backup''
checks in which different groups of supervisors will randomly reinspect work
performed by other inspectors and supervisors.

Mr. Frawley said a key reason the purported corruption in the Health Department
had not been uncovered earlier was that supervisory officials who were said to
have shared in the payoffs were rarely reassigned. Thus, he said, they were the
only officials who had direct control over field inspectors who were part of the
extortion conspiracy.

Agency heads also were told in the directive to remove unneeded and
contradictory regulations that can be used to harass businesses into offering
bribes to obtain licenses and permits. ''Unneccesary requirements can place a
burden on people to meet a myriad number of regulations that are not needed to
protect the health, safety and public welfare,'' the directive said.

Delays and Intimidation

The agencies were directed to speed up decisions on issuing or denying licenses
and permits. Processing delays, the directive said, had been used ''to
intimidate individuals into paying'' bribes.

Each agency must have a new inspection system with revised standards that have
been approved by the Investigation Department in place within six months, Mr.
Frawley said.

Copies of directive were made public yesterday by the department.

In addition to the Health Department, the other agencies are: the Fire
Department, the Sanitation Department, the Department of Housing Preservation
and Development, the Buildings Department, the Transportation Department, the
Department of Environmental Protection, the Department of General Services, the
Taxi and Limousine Commission, the Department of Consumer Affairs and the
Department of Ports, International Trade and Commerce.

THE REACH OF NEW YORK CITY INSPECTORS

Totals for the fiscal year 1986.

Agency: Ports, International Trade and Commerce

Inspectors, supervisors: 11

Inspections: 5,922

What's inspected: Construction sites on waterfront

Agency: Taxi and Limousine

Inspectors, supervisors: 130

Inspections: 111,327

What's inspected: Vehicles for safety; licenses taxi companies, drivers, car
services

Agency: Fire

Inspectors, supervisors: 179

Inspections: 168,218

What's inspected: Buildings for fire-code violations

Agency: Sanitation

Inspectors, supervisors: 237

Inspections: 212,990

What's inspected: Building exteriors for cleanliness

Agency: Consumer Affairs

Inspectors, supervisors: 109

Inspections: 119,353

What's inspected: Businesses for compliance with licensing, weights and measures
regulations

Agency: Housing Preservation and Development

Inspectors, supervisors: 1,254

Inspections: 689,913

What's inspected: Private and city residences for housing code compliance

Agency: General Services

Inspectors, supervisors: 207

Inspections: 322,152

What's inspected: Construction of public buildings

Agency: Health

Inspectors, supervisors: 152

Inspections: 113,975

What's inspected: Restaurants and other public areas for health code violations

Agency: Transportation

Inspectors, supervisors: 189

Inspections: 768,989

What's inspected: Sidewalks and roads for safety and traffic problems

Agency: Buildings

Inspectors, supervisors: 393

Inspections: 460,982

What's inspected: Elevators, plumbing and electrical work during construction;
public gathering places for safety

Agency: Environmental Protection

Inspectors, supervisors: 220

Inspections: 557,338

What's inspected: Sites for air and noise pollution

Source: City Department of Investigation

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              91 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 11, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Tales of Corruption Widen L.I. Dealer Inquiry

BYLINE: By JOHN T. McQUISTON,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 857 words

DATELINE: MEDFORD, L.I., Sept. 10


The investigation of municipal corruption in Brookhaven has already expanded far
beyond the allegations of bribery raised by John McNamara, the Long Island car
dealer and real estate developer who pleaded guilty to fraud and bribery on
Wednesday, Federal prosecutors said today.

Other developers have provided information about "pervasive" corruption in the
town government, the authorities said, and Federal officials expect to win their
cooperation in prosecuting town officials.

Even as the investigation seemed to gain momentum today, the Brookhaven Town
Board held a routine working session, and while Mr. McNamara's name was not on
the agenda, it seemed to be on everyone's mind.

Joseph Macchia, a 13-year board member, said he was "shocked" by Mr. McNamara's
allegations.

"I've never had any dealings with him other than official town business," he
said. "He's a developer who had applications before the town. Some were approved
and some weren't."

A Promise of Cooperation

The Town Supervisor, John LaMura, who, like all six members of the board, is a
Republican, pledged today that he would "not rest until there were no longer any
implications of improprieties involving the Town of Brookhaven."

Mr. LaMura declined to expand on his brief statement, though he did add that
Brookhaven had "cooperated fully with authorities from the U.S. Attorney's
Office and had every intention of continuing to do so."

Mr. McNamara shook the town government when he said in Federal District Court in
Brooklyn that he had paid bribes to win approvals for his vast real-estate
developments. He said he had bribed past and present members of the Town Board,
Planning Board, Zoning Board of Appeals, town lawyers and employees of the
highway and building departments. He said he also made donations to Republican
causes that he regarded as bribes. Criminal lawyers and other legal experts said
the plea bargain was a very good deal for prosecutors and could open a wedge
against corruption in Suffolk County and perhaps in the auto industry as well.
[Page B5.]

The 53-year-old businessman told the court that the bribes were part of a scheme
he operated out of his Pontiac-Buick dealership in Port Jefferson Station, a
village on Long Island Sound in the northern part of the Town of Brookhaven.

The scheme involved borrowing $6 billion from General Motors for cars that did
not exist and using some of the money to create a $400 million business empire.

Federal law-enforcement officials have not identified any of the suspected bribe
-takers, nor have they said how much money may have been involved in the bribes.


Cash and Favors

Mr. McNamara said the bribes consisted not only of cash, but also of sales of
automobiles below dealer cost, inflated automobile trade-ins, free car repairs,
free rentals and leases and contracts to companies owned or controlled by the
public officials or the public officials' friends and relatives.

Jonny Frank, the Assistant United States Attorney prosecuting Mr. McNamara, said
today that as the case expands, he expects more and more people to provide
information to Federal investigators.

"Once they realize that a person who receives a bribe is just as culpable in the
eyes of the law as one who pays a bribe, they will start naming others and
helping us," he said.

Federal sentencing guidelines, he said, would prompt suspected bribe-takers to
assist law-enforcement officials in exchange for more lenient sentences.
"Inevitably, some of the people who are on McNamara's list will start making
lists about other developers or other public officials," he said.

Andrew J. Maloney, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New
York, said he did not expect to be reporting further indictments "any time
soon." But he said that investigators were actively pursuing the case with the
help of Mr. McNamara and others, and that a Federal grand jury "was prepared to
act."

Mr. McNamara, who is on the boards of a hospital, a Roman Catholic home for
wayward boys and many philanthropic organizations, was once a familiar figure at
Republican Party gatherings. Party officials have been distancing themselves
from Mr. McNamara since the first details of fraud surfaced in May.

Howard C. DeMartini, chairman of the Suffolk County Republican Committee, said
that contrary to some published reports, Mr. McNamara had not been a large
contributor to Republican coffers.

"Since I took over as county chairman last October, he has not contributed one
dime," Mr. DeMartini said. "I would not know the man if I tripped over him."

"I think you can look at the McNamara affair in two ways," Mr. DeMartini said.
"One is that it may be his way of trying to save his own hide by conjuring up
this notion that he bribed Republican officials. The other is that his
allegations have merit and should be investigated thoroughly and promptly."

County Executive Robert J. Gaffney, the leading elected Republican official in
Suffolk County and a resident of Brookhaven, said Mr. McNamara contributed to
his Democratic opponent's campaign in last year's election, not to his own.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map of Long Island showing location of Brookhaven. (pg. B5)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              92 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Ten Individuals Indicted in Medicare Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 836  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida;
Ronald J. Verrochio, Inspector in Charge, U.S. Postal Inspection Service
(USPIS); Brian P. Martens, Acting Special Agent in Charge, U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG); and George L.
Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), Miami
Field Office, announced that nine residents of Miami-Dade County and a resident
of Hillsborough County have been indicted for their alleged participation in a
$12.5 million Medicare fraud scheme.

On March 20, 2014, a federal grand jury in Miami returned a 59-count indictment
charging Vicente Diaz, 39; Daniel Ocampo, 35; Elsa Capo, 71; Santiago Sepulveda,
79; Marta Curbeco, 67; Margarita Rodriguez, 72; Francisco Maysonet, 67; Pedro
Peralta, 69; Amira Galan, 79; and Ana Rosa Santana, 77, for allegedly
participating in a scheme to defraud Medicare by submitting false and fraudulent
claims and the payment and receipt of kickbacks in connection with a federal
health care program from approximately November 2011 to October 2013.

All 10 defendants are charged with conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
wire fraud and conspiracy to pay and receive bribes and kickbacks in connection
with a federal health care program. Diaz is additionally charged with nine
counts of health care fraud and 19 counts of paying kickbacks and bribes in
connection with a federal health care program. Ocampo is additionally charged
with nine counts of health care fraud and 13 counts of paying kickbacks and
bribes in connection with a federal health care program. Capo, Sepulveda,
Curbeco, Rodriguez, Maysonet, Peralta, Galan, and Santana are charged with one
count of health care fraud and various counts of receiving kickbacks and bribes
in exchange for serving as patients of Marcialed Health Care Corp. (Marcialed)
and Sacred Health Inc. (Sacred Health). Curbeco, Rodriguez, and Peralta are also
charged with soliciting and accepting kickbacks and bribes in exchange for
referring other beneficiaries to serve as patients of Marcialed and Sacred
Health.

The allegations center on the operation of Marcialed and Sacred Health, two
companies located in Miami-Dade County that were purportedly in the business of
providing home health care to Medicare beneficiaries.

According to the indictment, Diaz controlled Marcialed and Sacred Health. Ocampo
was for a time an officer of Sacred Health. Diaz and Ocampo offered and paid
kickbacks and bribes to patient recruiters in return for referring beneficiaries
to serve as patients so that Marcialed and Sacred could bill Medicare for home
health services that were not medically necessary and were not provided.
Curbeco, Rodriguez, and Peralta solicited and accepted kickbacks and bribes in
exchange for referring beneficiaries to serve as patients of Marcialed and
Sacred Health. Capo, Sepulveda, Curbeco, Rodriguez, Maysonet, Peralta, Galan,
and Santana are Medicare beneficiaries who solicited and accepted kickbacks in
return for agreeing to serve as patients of Maricaled and Sacred Health so that
the companies could bill Medicare for home health services that were not
medically necessary and were not provided.

The indictment alleges that the defendants falsified and caused to be falsified
records to document the receipt of home health services from Marcialed and
Sacred Health that were not provided and were not medically necessary. Diaz and
Ocampo violated Medicare rules and regulations by offering and paying kickbacks
and bribes to patient recruiters in exchange for the referral of beneficiaries
to Marcialed and Sacred Health. Diaz and Ocampo then caused Marcialed and Sacred
Health to submit false and fraudulent claims seeking payment from Medicare for
the home health services which had purportedly been provided to beneficiaries,
when in truth the services had not been provided and were not medically
necessary. The indictment alleges that as a result of the fraudulent claims,
Diaz and Ocampo caused Medicare to pay approximately $7,809,243 to Marcialed and
$4,694,834 to Sacred Health.

The indictment alleges that Diaz, Ocampo, and other conspirators used the money
fraudulently obtained from Medicare for their personal use and to further the
fraud. The indictment seeks forfeiture of two properties and four Mercedes
vehicles.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of U.S. Postal Inspection
Service, HHS-OIG, and the FBI. This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S.
Attorney Eric E. Morales and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud Strike
Force.

An indictment is only an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent unless
and until proven guilty.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the United States
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida at
www.usdoj.gov/usao/fls.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              93 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                     April 14, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. bribe charge focuses on Quebec

BYLINE: ANDREW MCINTOSH; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

DATELINE: MONTREAL


Members of a group that committed stock-market fraud in the U.S. travelled to
Montreal in 1995 with $ 350,000 U.S. to bribe people "believed" to be Quebec
government officials, says a U.S. indictment.

The group, whose members included a former attorney for the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, wished to bribe officials to get a licence for one of their
companies to sell video-lottery terminals and slot machines to the Quebec
government, the grand-jury indictment alleges.

Members of the group made two trips to Montreal in August 1995 and delivered the
$ 350,000 to a Montrealer, who is not identified in the 37-page indictment and
criminal complaint against former SEC attorney James Nearen, filed in the U.S.
Court for the Eastern District of New York. The indictment was unsealed recently
by the U.S. Attorney's Office in Brooklyn.

The Americans made trips to Montreal after discussing plans to bribe Quebec
officials during private meetings in Newport, Rhode Island, in July 1995, the
indictment says.

Mark Ressler, the U.S. attorney prosecuting the Nearen case, declined to
identify the person to whom the bribe money was delivered in Montreal or to
whom, if anyone, the money was paid.

"As you can appreciate, it's sensitive stuff," said Mr. Ressler, whose function
is similar to that of a crown attorney.

He said the investigation is continuing, but declined to say whether Quebecers
have been subpoenaed to testify before the grand jury, whose proceedings are
held behind closed doors.

The grand jury hearing the Nearen case approved its indictment against him after
studying evidence gathered by detectives from the U.S. Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service, the U.S. Postal Inspection Service
and the SEC, about a major five-year stock-market swindle.

Mr. Nearen faces nine criminal charges, including conspiring to commit wire and
securities fraud, committing perjury and placing himself in a conflict of
interest while a U.S. government employee.

Mr. Nearen worked as an enforcement lawyer in the Denver SEC office from 1988
until he left in February 1995 to work for people and companies he investigated
while at the SEC.

Mr. Nearen has denied wrongdoing and entered a plea of not guilty. A trial is
set for June 2.

Five other men arrested and indicted in connection with the stock-fraud case
have already pleaded guilty.

The allegations of bribery in Quebec are a small part of a much larger
stock-market fraud case authorities have built. The case includes allegations of
corruption against Andrew Pitt, an assistant U.S. attorney in Los Angeles, and
death threats against employees of a New York stock-brokerage firm.

The Nearen indictment contends Mr. Nearen and five others secretly controlled
three publicly traded companies that issued millions of discounted shares to
front



LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1997

LENGTH: 479 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              94 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 10, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Acceptable Bribe

BYLINE: By Randy Cohen

SECTION: Section 6; Column 3; Magazine Desk; THE WAY WE LIVE NOW: 10-10-04: THE
ETHICIST; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 561 words


A friend from Nigeria wants to go to college to study medicine and has asked me
to help him. Unfortunately, Nigerian universities are notoriously corrupt. Many
young people are forced to bribe professors and university officials to gain
admittance. Wouldn't I contribute to a corrupt system by helping my friend bribe
his way into the university?   Katie Boyle, Claremont, Calif.

You would do well to help your friend. He is a victim of extortion, not a
perpetrator; I'm sure he would prefer not to pay a bribe to get into school. It
would be different if he were the one extracting bribes. You should not help a
corrupt admissions officer, but neither should you be reluctant to help your
friend cope with dire circumstances. Even if paying a bribe encourages the
perpetuation of bribery, it is unreasonable to demand moral purity from the
victims of a corrupt system or to insist that they defer college until utopia
arrives.

Another option: Help your friend pursue his schooling in a different country,
one with a more honest educational climate. But that is asking a lot of you
both, and even then it would do little good for those most victimized by
corruption -- Nigerians without the wherewithal to pay a bribe, who are then
deprived of higher education as a result.

My wife was aghast when our just-turned-12 son received a $45 gift for his
birthday. Her idea of an appropriate range for the countless birthday parties
that come up is $15 to $20. She proposed returning the gift and -- I didn't let
her finish. I was too upset about her putting an arbitrary ceiling on what
someone else should spend. Am I standing in the way of her ethical high road?
P.G., Maplewood, N.J.

Why do you assume that your wife's way is the ethical high road -- that setting
a limit on someone else's giving is ethical? Unless that big spender was coerced
or conned into proffering so lavish a gift, she may give what she likes.

An overly expensive gift -- Is that what this is? Are we sure your community
embraces your wife's standard? -- may carry certain disadvantages, including an
implied obligation to reciprocate such largess, but that makes it unfortunate,
not unethical. It is also true that a lavish gift can have a corrupting
influence on its recipient, but this is unlikely to be relevant here, unless
your son is that rare 12-year-old senator or C.E.O.

In the coming presidential election, I am quite partisan, but my wife couldn't
care less: she says that all politicians are crooked and cater only to their
biggest donors. Would it be unethical to ask her to vote for ''my'' candidate? I
know she would, and otherwise, because of apathy, she would not vote at all.
Matthew Eicher, New Bloomfield, PA.

Your wife -- she's not Ralph Nader, is she? Four years ago he, too, asserted
that there were only trivial differences between the candidates, a view even
many of his longtime supporters have come to see as, to put it mildly, deranged
(O.K., not all that mildly).

The merits of your wife's political analysis aside (if by ''political analysis''
we mean ''cheap cynicism'' and by ''aside'' we mean ''slipped in
parenthetically''), I see no obstacle to your urging her to vote your way. Such
efforts are the pith and marrow of campaigning.

The candidates themselves have been known to appeal to voters' emotions. You may
do likewise in trying to form a marital bloc.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing (Drawing by Christoph Niemann)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              95 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 31, 2009 Tuesday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

N.J. investigator admits taking bribes

BYLINE: By Troy Graham; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 685 words


A senior investigator for the New Jersey Department of Labor pleaded guilty
yesterday in federal court to taking more than $1.8 million in bribes from a
series of temporary employment agencies he was supposed to be auditing.

A temp-agency employee who paid bribes to Joseph Rivera also pleaded guilty. A
second Department of Labor investigator and two other temp-agency operators were
charged yesterday in Camden.

The senior investigator, Joseph Rivera, admitted that he certified the agencies
that paid him bribes without inspecting them. He also recommended those agencies
to employers despite never checking if they were in compliance with state labor
laws.

Rivera, who had a $68,000 state salary, amassed his windfall in bribes in about
six years. He owned two homes in Ocean City, N.J., and one in Fort Lauderdale,
Fla.; a Lexus automobile; gold plates and silver bars; and a valuable coin
collection.

He agreed to forfeit those possessions as well as more than $120,000 in cash.

Rivera, 53, of Sicklerville, also pleaded guilty to tax evasion and faces up to
15 years in prison at his sentencing, scheduled for July. He was allowed to
remain free yesterday on a $100,000 unsecured bond.

Rivera was supposed to ensure that temporary-employment agencies in South Jersey
met state wage-and-hour laws, paid appropriate taxes, and carried workers'
compensation insurance.

He calculated the amount of his bribe payments by multiplying 25 cents by the
total number of hours the employees of the firms worked, prosecutors said.

Acting U.S. Attorney Ralph Marra said Rivera was "driven by pure greed."

"Rivera's corrupt actions lined his own pockets and provided temporary labor
firms with an unwarranted advantage against those employers who operate
lawfully," Marra said.

The case grew out of the arrest of Ferry Chandra, who offered a cash bribe to an
IRS agent to settle tax liabilities at two temporary-employment agencies he
operated, prosecutors said. Chandra was sentenced last year to 18 months in
prison.

Prosecutors did not say how the Chandra case led them to Rivera.

Rivera admitted yesterday to taking bribes since 2002 from 20 operators of
different firms. Investigators found a ledger in his home that detailed some
payments, including those from two other men charged yesterday.

Channavel "Danny" Kong, a Philadelphia man who operated Sunrise Labor, had paid
Rivera $47,523 since 2006, according to the ledger.

Thuan Nguyen, a Philadelphia man who operated N & T Staffing Inc. and was
involved with two other companies, had paid Rivera $130,100 since 2006, the
ledger said.

Nguyen and Kong, both 37, made their first appearances in court yesterday and
were each released on $50,000 bond.

Another temp-agency employee, Yohan Wongso, 27, of Philadelphia, pleaded guilty
yesterday to bribery. Prosecutors would not say where he worked, but Wongso
admitted to paying Rivera bribes from several companies.

Wongso faces sentencing in July and was allowed to remain free on $50,000 bond.

James Peyton, a field investigator for the Department of Labor who worked in the
same Hammonton office as Rivera, also was charged yesterday with taking bribes.

In an interview with investigators, Peyton said that since 2005, he had taken
about $8,000 per quarter from temp agencies, mainly to reduce quarterly
payroll-tax figures, according to court documents.

Peyton, 71, of Salem, was captured in secret recordings taking bribes from
Wongso, the documents said.

Peyton, released yesterday on $50,000 bond, had submitted paperwork to retire in
May, state officials said.

State Department of Labor Commissioner David J. Socolow said yesterday that the
department was "pursuing the process of suspending" Rivera and Peyton with the
intent of firing them.

He said the FBI contacted the department last year, and the department had been
cooperating with the investigation. He said the department was reviewing the
Rivera and Peyton cases.

"We are deeply disappointed by the kind of actions and disregard for law
represented by these charges," he said in a statement.

Contact staff writer Troy Graham at 856-779-3893 or tgraham@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              96 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 7, 2016 Friday

Former President Of The Costa Rican Soccer Federation And Member-Elect Of The
FIFA Executive Committee Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 640  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of New York
has issued the following news release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Eduardo Li pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud, and wire fraud conspiracy in connection
with his receipt of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media
and marketing rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches and his authorization
of international friendly matches played by the Costa Rican national soccer
team, among other conduct.  Li, the president of the Costa Rican soccer
federation (FEDEDUT) from 2007 to 2015, was a member-elect of the FIFA executive
committee at the time of his arrest in Zurich on May 27, 2015 and a member of
the CONCACAF executive committee from 2013 to 2015.  As part of his plea, Li
agreed to forfeit $668,000.  At sentencing, Li faces a maximum sentence of 20
years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place before United States
District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, Li
negotiated and accepted bribes totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars in
exchange for exercising his influence as the president of FEDEFUT to award a
Florida sports marketing company a contract for the media and marketing rights
to the Costa Rican national soccer team's home World Cup qualifier matches for
the 2022 edition of the World Cup.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank
accounts to Li using intermediaries in the United States and Costa Rica.  Li
also accepted tens of thousands of dollars in bribes, which were also
transmitted from bank accounts in the United States, in exchange for exercising
his influence as president of FEDEFUT to authorize friendly matches played by
the Costa Rican national soccer team.



 In addition, Li agreed to accept a $500,000 bribe from intermediaries in Panama
in exchange for exercising his influence as president of FEDEFUT to award an
American company the contract to serve as the uniform sponsor for the Costa
Rican national soccer team.  The intermediaries told Li not to tell anyone at
the uniform sponsor about the bribe.  Li received approximately $230,000 of the
bribe money from the intermediaries in cash United States currency in 2014 and
2015 but was arrested before he could receive the balance.



 Finally, Li embezzled for his own use over $90,000 of funds that FIFA sent to
FEDEFUT to support the 2014 Under 17 FIFA Women's World Cup soccer tournament,
which was held in Costa Rica.  Li diverted these funds through a scheme
involving bogus invoices.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                           November 4, 2006 Saturday

Ex-Chinese bank chief jailed for taking bribes

BYLINE: Clifford Coonan

SECTION: FINANCE; Other Stories; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 573 words


The former head of China's third-biggest bank, Construction Bank, was jailed for
15 years yesterday after he pleaded guilty to taking bribes to arrange loans,
the latest in a series of high-profile corruption cases that are trying to
unpick the cosy network that links bankers, businessmen and government
officials.

Beijing No 1 Intermediate Court found Zhang Enzhao guilty of accepting 4.15
million yuan (EUR 415,000) in bribes in the form of cash, property and valuables
to help people get loans from his bank, according to his lawyer, Gao Zicheng.

The news 16 months ago that Mr Zhang was going to resign as chairman of
Construction Bank, ostensibly for personal reasons, caused a huge commotion in
the Chinese banking sector.

In 2003, another former Construction Bank president, Wang Xuebing, was jailed
for 12 years for taking bribes while working as the New York City branch manager
of another major Chinese bank, Bank of China.

Construction Bank was one of the rising stars of the banking sector, the first
of China's big four banks to go public. It raised EUR 7.2 billion when it listed
in Hong Kong in October last year.

Mr Zhang had pleaded guilty, but insisted he had accepted only EUR 150,000 in
bribes. His lawyer is considering whether or not to appeal.

"The court believed that the attitude of his confessing was good, so he was
leniently punished. I believe the punishment is heavier than it should be," said
his lawyer.

However, the state news agency Xinhua said the court considered the sentence
"lenient" and said Mr Zhang's full confession and the fact that he handed over
the bribe money to the state had spared him an even tougher sentence.

Mr Zhang is also accused in a separate case in California of taking a $1 million
(EUR 790,000) bribe in exchange for arranging for a US-based company to obtain
contracts from his bank.

China has pledged to reform its banking system and the last few years have seen
dramatic changes in the way things are done, but bad loans and poor management
remain major problems.

In October, China's top banking regulator said the financial sector had been hit
by 724 cases of bank fraud in the first nine months of the year, of which 194
involved at least EUR 100,000.

These cases usually involve managers accused of embezzlement or arranging
fraudulent loans, but the scandals come at a sensitive time when Chinese banks
are trying to raise money from foreign investors to modernise operations, as
Beijing prepares to meet a December deadline to open their market to foreign
rivals under World Trade Organisation rules.

Many of the fraud and embezzlement cases have come to light because the banks
must have comprehensive audits before they can list on Hong Kong's stock
exchange or other markets.

Mr Zhang will serve time at Qincheng prison, which is best known as a jail for
political prisoners - it is the prison where the "Gang of Four", led by Mao
Zedong's wife, Jiang Qing, were held after they were convicted for their roles
in the Cultural Revolution.

Two credit officers from a branch of Construction Bank on the southern island of
Hainan were also sentenced to one year's imprisonment for dereliction of duty,
Xinhua reported.

As well as Construction Bank, the Industrial and Commercial Bank of China and
the Bank of China have already listed on domestic or overseas bourses, while the
Agricultural Bank of China, the last of the "big four" banks still to list on
the stock market, is next up.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 12, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

44 IN NEW YORK MUNICIPALITIES CHARGED IN 'STING';
F.B.I. Says Public Officials Accepted 105 of 106 Bribes Offered in 2-Year
Operation

BYLINE: By RALPH BLUMENTHAL

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1209 words


In a ''sting'' operation that swept from Long Island to the Canadian border, 58
people, including 44 New York municipal officials, have been charged with taking
bribes and kickbacks from an undercover F.B.I. agent, Federal officials
announced yesterday.

Virtually no bribe proffered by the agent, who posed as a salesman of steel
products, was refused, the officials said.

''On 106 occasions, bribes were offered or discussed,'' said Rudolph W.
Giuliani, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, who
is prosecuting the cases. ''On 105 of those occasions, the public official
involved accepted the bribe. And on the other occasion he turned it down because
he didn't think the amount was enough.''

Suppliers Also Charged

That official, Mr. Giuliani added, was later arrested on charges of taking other
bribes.

Fourteen suppliers of steel and highway materials, including two from a New
Jersey company, were also charged as a result of the undercover operation in New
York, which Mr. Giuliani said was the largest single bribery and kickback case
involving municipal officials that he was aware of.

In addition to the 58 people named in New York, 10 more - who also dealt with
the same undercover agent -were separately charged for activities in New Jersey.

The municipal officials - mainly highway superintendents and purchasing
directors - were targeted as the result of earlier information, the officials
said. The information included accounts by informants who named certain
officials as corrupt.

At a news conference yesterday at the F.B.I. operations center at 26 Federal
Plaza in lower Manhattan, Mr. Giuliani and Thomas L. Sheer, the head of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation's New York office, said the investigation
highlighted an endemic corruption problem in the state. They took pains to say
that the case showed corruption extended beyond New York City, which has been
the focus of major corruption scandals in the last two years.

In all, criminal charges named officials in 40 towns in 15 of New York's 62
counties. The agent distributed about $40,000 in bribe money to local officials,
Mr. Sheer said.

The sting operation was ended abruptly several weeks ago after the undercover
agent was recognized and was removed for his safety, officials said. Mr. Sheer
declined to name him.

''We believe we have surfaced a deeply rooted system of corruption that rots the
core of municipal governments and provides the taxpayers of those communities
with inferior goods and services,'' Mr. Sheer said.

Asked if the widespread corruption had shocked him, Mr. Giuliani said, ''At some
point, about a year ago, I stopped being shocked.''

Giuliani Rebukes Legislators

On the day that Governor Cuomo signed a new ethics law, Mr. Giuliani used strong
language to rebuke New York State legislators, who he said had made the state
attractive to corrupt officials and businesses.

''It is not an overstatement to say that compared to other states, New York is a
much friendlier place to corrupt politicians, crooked businessmen and organized
criminals,'' he said.

Mr. Giuliani called on the Legislature to strengthen laws against public
corruption and to institute procedures for municipal auditing. ''It would be
better for the politicians of this state if they were not dragged into making
those changes kicking and screaming,'' he said.

Among the changes that are needed, he said, were tighter grand jury procedures
to limit the immunity witnesses automatically enjoy in state cases. He cited the
Federal grand jury system, where witnesses must be given immunity and it can be
limited.

He also called for a tougher state anti-racketeering law that would apply to
political corruption as well as organized crime.

In response to a question, Mr. Giuliani, who has been the subject of frequent
speculation about political plans, disclaimed interest in seeking statewide
office.

Spokesmen for the Speaker of the State Assembly, Mel Miller, and for the
majority leader of the State Senate, Warren M. Anderson, declined to comment on
Mr. Giuliani's remarks when contacted by telephone late yesterday.

'A Way of Life'

Echoing the prosecutor, Mr. Scheer said the corruption charged in this case ''is
a way of life, a practice established over the years.''

Of the 44 officials who were charged, 26 were arrested yesterday throughout the
state and 15 surrendered at Federal courthouses in Manhattan, White Plains and
Albany. The rest were still being sought last evening, according to Mr.
Giuliani.

Most of those charged entered pleas of not guilty to conspiracy, mail fraud,
racketeering and other offenses. All of them were released on their own
recognizance.

Nine of the 14 people connected to suppliers who were also charged in the case
had already pleaded guilty.

They, like others charged, each face maximum penalties of 5 to 20 years in
prison and fines of $250,000.

The undercover operation began nearly two years ago, according to Mr. Sheer,
when an F.B.I. agent traded in his gun and badge for a new identity, emerging
from the New York office on Oct. 1, 1985, as ''Vincent Silon,'' a vendor of
snowplow blades, street signs, nuts and bolts, chains, fencing and other steel
products.

The nature of his business directed him to smaller cities and localities rather
than New York City, Mr. Giuliani said. But he said that records uncovered in the
sting operation had led the investigation to activities in New York City and
that the inquiry was continuing. #559 Days on the Road For 559 days, the agent
criss-crossed much of the state, meeting with highway officials and purchasing
agents.

''Nobody was approached cold,'' without some reason to question his integrity,
according to Charles G. LaBella, an assistant United States attorney involved in
the prosecution.

Mr. Scheer said the agent's cover business had actually sold and delivered some
steel products to customers. In the process, the Government lost a small amount
of money used to buy the equipment.

The schemes worked in two ways, according to Mr. LaBella.

Sometimes the local official conspired with the undercover agent for an order by
a municipality that was paid for but never delivered. Then the vendor and the
official split the money.

Or, the prosecutor said, the official took money to award the purchase order to
the Silon company.

Records seized in the investigation, Federal officials said, showed that since
1980, 31 towns and villages lost $750,000 to such ''no ship'' transactions.

Mr. Sheer said the undercover agent sought to keep the scheme within bounds.
''We didn't try to bankrupt a town.'' he said.

The suppliers who were charged became involved through the undercover agent,
according to Mr. Sheer. When they saw his success in dealing with local
officials, they engaged him as their representative and participated in some of
the corrupt dealings, according to the charges.

The Dutchess County District Attorney, William Grady; the United States Attorney
in Albany, Frederick Scullin Jr.; and the F.B.I. agent in charge in Albany,
Wayne R. Alford, also participated in the investigation, but all the New York
cases will be prosecuted in Manhattan. The New Jersey cases will be tried there.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of municipal officials arrested yesterday as a result of the
F.B.I. sting operation (NYT/Alan Zale)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              99 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                   July 9, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Indictment Says B.C.C.I. Was Bribe Victim

BYLINE: By RICHARD PEREZ-PENA

SECTION: Section D; Page 2; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 382 words


By doling out bribes and claiming assets they did not have, two brothers
illegally secured $28 million in loans from five banks, including B.C.C.I.,
prosecutors charged yesterday.

Robert M. Morgenthau, Manhattan District Attorney, said the case had come to
light during his office's investigation into the Bank of Credit and Commerce
International. He said the men had turned the tables on the outlaw bank,
fraudulently obtaining $16.8 million in loans from B.C.C.I.

Ponnapula Sanjeeva Prasad and Murali Krishna Ponnapula were indicted on charges
of grand larceny, a felony carrying a maximum penalty of 8 1/3 to 25 years in
prison, and several lesser counts.

'Deny All of the Allegations'

Mr. Ponnapula, who lives in Memphis, pleaded not guilty yesterday in State
Supreme Court in Manhattan and was released on a $25,000 bond. His brother, a
psychiatrist whom Mr. Morgenthau described as the mastermind of the operation,
is in India, where he lives.

"They both vigorously deny all of the allegations," said Frederick P. Hafetz,
the lawyer for both men. "Dr. Prasad plans to return to the United States to
fight the charges."

A third man, Nasim A. Syed of Ronkonkoma, L.I., a former official of the Bank of
Oman Ltd., was charged with accepting a $53,000 bribe from Dr. Prasad and Mr.
Ponnapula to help get a loan. He pleaded not guilty and was released on a
$50,000 bond. His lawyer, Michael F. Bachner, said the payment to Mr. Syed had
been for "legitimate purposes outside the bank."

A fourth man, Shahbaz A. Raheem, formerly B.C.C.I.'s chief credit officer in
America, has pleaded guilty to receiving bribes of $100,000 in cash and part
ownership of a hotel in Tennessee, and is awaiting sentencing.

Prosecutors learned of the improper dealing, Mr. Morgenthau said, when another
former B.C.C.I. official, Baji A. Palkhiwala, told a grand jury that he had
taken bribes totaling $250,000 from the two brothers. Because he was testifying
under immunity, Mr. Morgenthau said, Mr. Palkhiwala cannot be prosecuted for
accepting the bribes.

Claimed False Assets

The loans were made to several companies controlled by Dr. Prasad, which Mr.
Morgenthau said were little more than factories for bogus loan documents. "Their
only business was monkey business," he said.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                             100 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 23, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Inspectors Held in Bribe Scheme To Hide Cab Defects in New York

BYLINE: By CALVIN SIMS

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1168 words


More than than half of New York City's 50 taxi inspectors were charged yesterday
with taking bribes to overlook safety and emission violations in yellow cabs,
city investigators said.

An 11-month inquiry by the city's Department of Investigation found that the
inspectors had devised a variety of illegal methods to allow taxis to pass
inspections that the vehicles otherwise would probably have failed, potentially
jeopardizing the safety of millions of passengers.

City officials said the bribery became widespread because inspection supervisors
worked in concert with inspectors to protect the system. The inspectors, who are
paid $24,000 to $33,000 a year, received about $500 cash a week, roughly
doubling their salaries.

Unbalanced Checks

"The failure of the system is that it relied too heavily on supervisors for
quality control," said Fidel F. Del Valle, who became chairman of the city's
Taxi and Limousine Commission, which regulates the industry, in July 1991.

The investigation was prompted by complaints by taxi drivers and by inspectors
who witnessed the bribes. Some inspectors at the center acted as informants and
were supplied with tape recorders. They recorded conversations of fellow
inspectors accepting payoffs, witnessing more than 100 bribes. Undercover city
investigators conducted videotape and photographic surveillance at the center.
In some cases, they photographed on-duty inspectors leaving the center to pick
up bribes.

Yellow medallion taxis are required to undergo a rigorous battery of tests three
times a year at the city's taxi inspection center in Woodside, Queens, to
insure, among other things, that the wheels are correctly aligned and that the
brakes are working properly. Failure to pass an inspection can lead to
suspension of a taxicab's medallion, a city license to pick up street fares.

Inspectors who took bribes received from $50 to $100 a cab, the investigators
said. The money was sometimes placed behind a visor, in a newspaper on the seat,
fastened to the undercarriage or handed over outside the testing center. In most
cases, the investigators said, the bribes were made by representatives of
lease-management companies, which lease taxis to drivers on behalf of medallion
owners.

In all, 23 inspectors and supervisors were arrested yesterday on Federal charges
of extortion, and warrants were issued for four others. Each faces a maximum of
20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.  The inspectors arrested
yesterday were released on $20,000 bail.

"The conduct displayed by those arrested today is reprehensible, and an affront
to the people of New York," Mayor David N. Dinkins said at a City Hall news
conference to announce the arrests yesterday. "Clearly, today's arrests show
that over time, any given person can figure out a way to evade a system's
integrity controls."

More Arrests Likely

The city's Investigation Commissioner, Susan E. Shepard, said yesterday that she
expected more arrests to be made in the case. Ms. Shepard declined to identify
which taxi lease-management companies had offered the bribes, and added that
Andrew J. Maloney, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District, would
decide whether to prosecute the lease-management companies. She said that any
taxi drivers or medallion owners found to be part of the scheme would have their
licenses or medallions revoked by the commission.

The investigators said that the inspectors who were charged took between
$500,000 and $600,000 in bribes during the investigation, which began in August
of last year.

The taxi inspection center, which was opened in August 1989 at a cost of $12
million, was intended to reduce corruption by centralizing inspections that had
been conducted in private garages throughout the city. City officials promoted
the state-of-the-art inspection center and its computerized testing and layers
of supervision to insure integrity.

But investigators said yesterday that almost as soon as the center was opened,
corrupt inspectors found ways to override the tests. The inspectors and their
supervisors acted in concert, directing cabs to inspection lanes with corrupt
inspectors. One inspector on the lane was designated the "banker" for the day
and collected bribes, while others would insure that the vehicle passed all the
tests, law-enforcement officials said.

Some cabs passed inspection without ever going to the center; some went to the
center and were not inspected but passed, and some passed because the tests were
altered, the investigators said.

Because taxi drivers log many miles in short periods, their cars require greater
maintenance, and the only way to insure regular maintenance is regular
inspections, taxi officials said. They said they believed many of the cabs that
were not inspected properly would not have passed a legitimate test, and so
posed a safety hazard to passengers. Taxi officials said there are 125 million
fares in the city annually.

The Mayor said that an overhaul of the inspection center is under way and that
an advisory committee would be appointed to recommend changes at the center,
like imposing stricter testing standards, tamper-resistant equipment, and
beginning better training for supervisors and managers. In addition, Mr. Dinkins
said he had promoted a new deputy commissioner, Allen Fitzer, to oversee the
center's inspection operations.

On an average day, about 200 cabs are inspected at the center. The center will
remain open but only for basic inspection procedures, like steering, alignment
and braking. Mr. Del Valle of the taxi commission said he did not expect the
center to begin full inspections, including lights and emissions, for four
months because the city needed time to hire new inspectors. Mr. Del Valle said
that people applying for inspector jobs are closely scrutinized and cannot have
any prior criminal records.

Rumors Answered

Betty Lawrence, executive director of the Metropolitan Taxi Board of Trade,
which represents about 1,800 drivers, applauded the arrests of the inspectors,
saying that there had been "pervasive rumors" of corruption throughout the
industry.

"This just makes one wonder, however, if some inspectors were failing drivers to
compensate for those that they were allowing to pass through without testing,"
Ms. Lawrence said. "I have received numerous complaints from members who say
their cars are in tiptop shape but still they are not passing."

Jack S. Lusk, who preceded Mr. Del Valle as chairman of the taxi commission and
had extolled the integrity of the new inspection center, said yesterday that he
was not surprised at the level of corruption at the center.

"There were clear indications that many of the problems with the old inspection
system were continuing at the new center and we raised those issues with the
inspector general," Mr. Lusk said. "My experience has taught me that where money
is concerned people will go to great lengths to get around the system."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: New York City officials charged that more than half the city's
taxicab inspectors were taking bribes of about $500 in cash a week to ignore
safety violations, enabling them to roughly double their pay. Taxis were lined
up yesterday at the cab inspection center in Woodside, Queens. (Steve Berman for
The New York Times) (pg. B3)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             101 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Indictment: Prison Guard Took Bribes to Smuggle Tobacco into Leavenworth
Penitentiary

LENGTH: 515  words


KANSAS CITY, KS-A prison guard was indicted Wednesday on a federal charge of
accepting bribes to smuggle tobacco to inmates at the U.S. Penitentiary in
Leavenworth, U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom said today.


Michael Harston, 52, Kansas City, Mo., was charged with one count of conspiracy
to commit bribery and four counts of accepting bribes. The indictment alleges
that from October 2013 to August 2014 Harston took bribes to carry tobacco,
which is contraband, into the penitentiary.
The indictment alleges payment was made via wire transfers from inmates'
relatives. Harston was caught on video surveillance in the process of
distributing tobacco to inmates.
If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of five years in federal prison and a
fine up to $250,000 on the conspiracy charge, and a maximum penalty of 15 years
and a fine up to $250,000 on each of the bribery counts.
The FBI investigated. Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Leena Ramana is
prosecuting.
OTHER GRAND JURY INDICTMENTS
Justin A. Jacks, 26, Wichita, Kan., is charged with two counts of distributing
child pornography and one count of possession of child pornography. The crimes
are alleged to have occurred in May and July 2015, in Wichita.
If convicted, he faces a penalty of not less than five years and not more than
20 years and a fine up to $250,000 on each distribution county, and a maximum
penalty of 10 years and a fine up to $250,000 on the possession charge. Homeland
Security Investigations and the Wichita Police Department's Internet Crimes
Against Children (ICAC) Task Force investigated. Assistant U.S. Attorney Jason
Hart is prosecuting.
Cruz Lopez-Perez, 39, a citizen of Guatemala, is charged with one count of
unlawfully re-entering the United States after being deported. He was found July
26, 2015, in Sedgwick County, Kan.
If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of two years in federal prison and a
fine up to $250,000. The Kansas Department of Revenue and Homeland Security
Investigations investigated. Assistant U.S. Attorney Brent Anderson is
prosecuting.
Luis Antonio Garcia-Gomez, 25, a citizen of Mexico, is charged with one count of
unlawfully re-entering the United States after being deported. He was found July
28, 2015, in Sedgwick County, Kan.
If convicted, he faces a maximum penalty of two years in federal prison and a
fine up to $250,000. The Kansas Department of Revenue and Homeland Security
Investigations investigated. Assistant U.S. Attorney Brent Anderson is
prosecuting.
Cortez I. Mumford, 41, Kansas City, Kan., is charged with one count of unlawful
possession of a firearm following a felony conviction. The crime is alleged to
have occurred July 20, 2015, in Kansas City, Kan.  If convicted, he faces a
maximum penalty of 10 years in federal prison and a fine up to $250,000. The
Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives investigated. Assistant U.S.
Attorney Terra Morehead is prosecuting.
In all cases, defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty.
The indictments merely contain allegations of criminal conduct. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             102 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Former Miami-Dade Department of Public Works Employee Charged with
Accepting $150,000 in Bribes from Contractor

LENGTH: 429  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida;
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office; and Jose A. Gonzalez, Special Agent in Charge, Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), announce the filing of a
one-count information charging Garfield Perry, 66, of North Miami Beach, with
conspiring to accept bribes in connection with programs receiving federal funds
and to commit extortion, all in violation of Title 18, United States Code,
Section 371. Perry is scheduled to appear in federal court on Friday, May 9,
2014, at 2:00 p.m. before U.S. Magistrate Judge Alicia Otazo-Reyes.

According to the information, from at least 2002 through 2009, Perry was the
Roadway Lighting Coordinator for the Department of Public Works in Miami-Dade
County. In this capacity, Perry was responsible for, among other things,
overseeing the maintenance of more than 22,000 street lights in the county's
roadway system. The information charges that from 2006 through October 2009,
Perry accepted bribe payments from a manufacturer's representative totaling
approximately $150,000. Perry regularly directed the to make the bribe payments
by paying down debts owed by Perry, including payments on two home mortgages,
one car loan, two home insurance policies, two car insurance policies, and eight
credit cards. Perry accepted as bribe payments from the manufacturer's
representative, cruise vacations, domestic and international airline tickets,
payments for hotels, and theatre tickets. Perry regularly directed the
manufacturer's representative to make bribe payments by issuing checks payable
to third parties and, after the checks were cashed, determined the manner in
which the proceeds were to be split. Perry falsely certified to Miami-Dade
County that he was not engaged in any outside employment and did not receive any
gratuities. In return for the bribe payments, Perry helped to ensure that
lighting products used in Public Works' projects were represented by the
manufacturer's representative.

If convicted, Perry faces a possible maximum statutory sentence of up to five
years in prison.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and IRS-CI. The case
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey N. Kaplan.

An information is only an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent until
proven guilty.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             103 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Washington: Former Miami-Dade Department of Public Works Employee Charged with
Accepting $150,000 in Bribes from Contractor

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida;
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office; and Jose A. Gonzalez, Special Agent in Charge, Internal
Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), announce the filing of a
one-count information charging Garfield Perry, 66, of North Miami Beach, with
conspiring to accept bribes in connection with programs receiving federal funds
and to commit extortion, all in violation of Title 18, United States Code,
Section 371. Perry is scheduled to appear in federal court on Friday, May 9,
2014, at 2:00 p.m. before U.S. Magistrate Judge Alicia Otazo-Reyes.

According to the information, from at least 2002 through 2009, Perry was the
Roadway Lighting Coordinator for the Department of Public Works in Miami-Dade
County. In this capacity, Perry was responsible for, among other things,
overseeing the maintenance of more than 22,000 street lights in the county's
roadway system. The information charges that from 2006 through October 2009,
Perry accepted bribe payments from a manufacturer's representative totaling
approximately $150,000. Perry regularly directed the to make the bribe payments
by paying down debts owed by Perry, including payments on two home mortgages,
one car loan, two home insurance policies, two car insurance policies, and eight
credit cards. Perry accepted as bribe payments from the manufacturer's
representative, cruise vacations, domestic and international airline tickets,
payments for hotels, and theatre tickets. Perry regularly directed the
manufacturer's representative to make bribe payments by issuing checks payable
to third parties and, after the checks were cashed, determined the manner in
which the proceeds were to be split. Perry falsely certified to Miami-Dade
County that he was not engaged in any outside employment and did not receive any
gratuities. In return for the bribe payments, Perry helped to ensure that
lighting products used in Public Works' projects were represented by the
manufacturer's representative.

If convicted, Perry faces a possible maximum statutory sentence of up to five
years in prison.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and IRS-CI. The case
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey N. Kaplan.

An information is only an accusation, and a defendant is presumed innocent until
proven guilty.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the United States
Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida at
www.usdoj.gov/usao/fls.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             104 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Washington: Doctor Sentenced to 16 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in
Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An internist with a practice in Montclair, New Jersey, was sentenced today to 16
months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of
a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS),
of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Charles Goldberg, 61, of West Orange, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Goldberg imposed the sentence today in
in Newark federal court.

Including Goldberg, 34 people--23 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in these and related cases and statements made in
court:

Goldberg admitted accepting bribes of $1,800 per month through a sham lease
agreement with BLS, which identified the waiting room, bathroom and one
examination room in Goldberg's office as being leased.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Goldberg to one year of
supervised release and fined him $50,000. As part of his guilty plea, Goldberg
must forfeit $58,000, representing the bribes he received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS--Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             105 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Doctor Sentenced to 16 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in
Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 507  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An internist with a practice in Montclair, New Jersey, was sentenced today to 16
months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of
a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS),
of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Charles Goldberg, 61, of West Orange, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Goldberg imposed the sentence today in
in Newark federal court.

Including Goldberg, 34 people--23 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in these and related cases and statements made in
court:

Goldberg admitted accepting bribes of $1,800 per month through a sham lease
agreement with BLS, which identified the waiting room, bathroom and one
examination room in Goldberg's office as being leased.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Goldberg to one year of
supervised release and fined him $50,000. As part of his guilty plea, Goldberg
must forfeit $58,000, representing the bribes he received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS--Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             106 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Arizona: New Jersey Doctor Sentenced to More Than Three Years in Prison for
Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals Scheme Involving New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

NEWARK, NJ--A doctor with an office in North Arlington, New Jersey, was
sentenced today to 37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test
referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president, and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Angelo Calabrese, 57, of Pine Brook, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.

Including Calabrese, 37 people--25 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Calabrese admitted accepting more than $130,000 in bribes to refer at least
$600,000 in lab business to BLS. From 2010 through 2013, Calabrese received over
$4,500 per month from BLS through sham consulting and rental agreements.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Calabrese to serve one
year of supervised release and ordered him to pay a fine of $5,000. As part of
his guilty plea, Calabrese must forfeit $334,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             107 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

Hudson County Contractor Indicted On Additional Charges Of Paying Bribes To Fire
Official

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A Hudson County, N.J., man was indicted today on an additional charge of paying
thousands of dollars in bribes to a fire official in exchange for the
elimination of outstanding fines and penalties on certain buildings that had
fire code violations, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Victor Coca, 48, of West New York, N.J. was also charged by a federal grand jury
with two counts of violating the Travel Act. Coca had been arrested May 20,
2014, by special agents of the FBI and charged by complaint with one count of
paying bribes to the fire official for the West New York Bureau of Fire
Prevention.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Coca was the owner of a general contracting company located in West New York.
There were two buildings in West New York with outstanding fines for fire code
violations - one building had approximately $14,500 in fines and the other had
approximately $8,730,000 in fines and penalties.

Coca paid the fire official cash bribes to reduce or eliminate the outstanding
fines. For the first building, Coca paid a $2,000 cash bribe to the fire
official to eliminate the outstanding $14,500 in fines. For the second building,
Coca wrote paid a $5,000 cash bribe to the fire official, in return for the fire
official reducing the $8,730,000 in outstanding penalties, thus making the
amount due to the West New York Bureau of Fire Prevention only the initial fine
amount of $5,000.

The charge is punishable by a maximum potential penalty of ten years in prison
and a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the gain or loss arising out of the
offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford in Newark, with the investigation leading
to today's indictment.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             108 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Hudson County Contractor Indicted On Additional Charges Of Paying Bribes To Fire
Official

LENGTH: 359  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A Hudson County, N.J., man was indicted today on an additional charge of paying
thousands of dollars in bribes to a fire official in exchange for the
elimination of outstanding fines and penalties on certain buildings that had
fire code violations, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Victor Coca, 48, of West New York, N.J. was also charged by a federal grand jury
with two counts of violating the Travel Act. Coca had been arrested May 20,
2014, by special agents of the FBI and charged by complaint with one count of
paying bribes to the fire official for the West New York Bureau of Fire
Prevention.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Coca was the owner of a general contracting company located in West New York.
There were two buildings in West New York with outstanding fines for fire code
violations - one building had approximately $14,500 in fines and the other had
approximately $8,730,000 in fines and penalties.

Coca paid the fire official cash bribes to reduce or eliminate the outstanding
fines. For the first building, Coca paid a $2,000 cash bribe to the fire
official to eliminate the outstanding $14,500 in fines. For the second building,
Coca wrote paid a $5,000 cash bribe to the fire official, in return for the fire
official reducing the $8,730,000 in outstanding penalties, thus making the
amount due to the West New York Bureau of Fire Prevention only the initial fine
amount of $5,000.

The charge is punishable by a maximum potential penalty of ten years in prison
and a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the gain or loss arising out of the
offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford in Newark, with the investigation leading
to today's indictment.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             109 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 10, 2014 Friday

Washington: Florida Couple Sentenced for Roles in Procurement Contract Bribery
Scheme

LENGTH: 852  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A Florida man was sentenced to serve 15 months in prison, and his wife was
sentenced to 24 months of probation, for their roles in a bribery and fraud
scheme involving federal procurement contracts, announced Acting Assistant
Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's Criminal Division and
U.S. Attorney David B. Barlow of the District of Utah.

On Feb. 26, 2013, Sylvester Zugrav, 70, of Sarasota, Fla., pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit bribery and procurement fraud, and his wife, Maria Zugrav,
67, also of Sarasota, pleaded guilty to misprision of a felony related to her
efforts to conceal the conspiracy.

The Zugravs were charged in an October 2011 indictment along with Jose Mendez,
51, of Farr West, Utah. Mendez, a procurement program manager for the U.S. Air
Force Foreign Materials Acquisition Support Office (FMASO) at Hill Air Force
Base, in Ogden, Utah, was charged in the indictment with conspiracy, bribery and
procurement fraud, and has since pleaded guilty to all charges and agreed to
forfeit more than $180,000 he received as part of the bribery scheme. Sentencing
for Mendez is scheduled for Jan. 29, 2014.

According to court documents, the Zugravs owned Atlas International Trading
Company, a business that contracted to provide foreign military materials to the
U.S. government through FMASO.

In his plea agreement, Sylvester Zugrav admitted that, from 2008 through August
2011, he gave Mendez more than $180,000 in bribe payments and offered Mendez
more than $1 million in additional bribe payments contingent upon Atlas's
receipt of future contracts with FMASO. In exchange for Sylvester Zugrav's bribe
payments and offers, Mendez ensured that Atlas and Sylvester Zugrav received
favorable treatment in connection with procurement contracts by, among other
things, assisting Atlas in obtaining and maintaining procurement contracts;
assisting Atlas in receiving payments on such contracts; and providing Atlas
with contract bid or proposal information or source selection information before
the award of procurement contracts. In her plea agreement, Maria Zugrav admitted
that she was aware of Sylvester Zugrav's bribe payments to Mendez and assisted
with concealing the crime.

According to court records, Sylvester Zugrav provided bribe payments to Mendez
in three ways: cash payments via Federal Express to Mendez's residential
address; in-person payments of cash and other things of value; and electronic
wire transfers to a bank account in Mexico opened by and in the name of Mendez's
cousin. Between November 2009 and August 2011, Sylvester Zugrav sent nine FedEx
packages to Mendez's home address. Each package contained $5,000 in cash, except
the last package, which contained $3,000 and was seized by law enforcement.
Maria Zugrav assisted her husband and Mendez's bribe scheme by limiting cash
withdrawals from Atlas's bank account to not more than $5,000 to avoid scrutiny
by banking officials and law enforcement.

According to the plea documents, on multiple occasions when Sylvester Zugrav and
Mendez traveled to the same location, Sylvester Zugrav would give Mendez cash
payments and other things of value. From 2008 through August 2011, Sylvester
Zugrav gave Mendez seven in-person cash payments ranging from $500 to $10,000
and purchased for him[?] a laptop computer and software package worth over
$2,900.

During the course of the corrupt scheme, Mendez opened a foreign bank account so
that Sylvester Zugrav could pay Mendez larger bribe payments. Mendez asked his
cousin in Mexico to open an account there. After the account was opened by
Mendez's cousin, Maria Zugrav made wire transfers to the bank account located in
the name of Mendez's cousin to avoid detection of the larger bribe payments by
law enforcement. From 2008 through August 2011, Maria Zugrav sent to the Mexico
account 10 wire transfers ranging from $350 to $26,700.

Court records also describe additional steps taken to conceal the bribery
scheme, including creating and using covert e-mail accounts, using encrypted
documents, adopting false names and using code words. For instance, to avoid
detection of their e-mail communications, Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez
established e-mail accounts to be used only to communicate requests and offers
for bribe payments. Sylvester Zugrav and Mendez also created password-protected
documents for e-mail communications and used code words and false names. Within
the encrypted documents, Mendez adopted the moniker "Chuco" and Sylvester Zugrav
used the codename "Jugo." They referred to cash as "literature."

The case was investigated by the FBI and the Air Force Office of Special
Investigations. The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Marquest J.
Meeks and Edward P. Sullivan of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Carlos A. Esqueda of the District of Utah, and
Trial Attorney Deborah Curtis of the National Security Division's
Counterespionage Section.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             110 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 14, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

BOARD ACTS AGAINST 3 JOCKEYS

BYLINE: By STEVEN CRIST

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1001 words


The State Racing and Wagering Board yesterday ordered three jockeys to show
cause why their licenses to ride in New York should not be revoked or suspended
for their possible involvement in fixed races in the mid-1970's.

The riders are Jacinto Vasquez, 38 years old, who has won the Kentucky Derby
twice and whose mounts have earned more than $41 million, the fifth-highest
total in racing history; Michael Venezia, 36, a former vice president of the
Jockeys Guild and a 19-year veteran of the New York circuit, and Jaime Arellano,
28, an Ecuadorean rider who has had limited success in New York.

The three were served with the show-cause orders at the board's licensing office
at Aqueduct. The board has scheduled hearings for them on April 29.

The orders charge Vasquez with attempting to bribe two riders to hold back their
horses; Venezia with failing to report a bribe offer to track stewards and board
investigators, and Arellano with lying to board investigators by denying that he
had ever accepted a bribe.

The three have consistently denied any wrongdoing or involvement in fixed races.


Center on Exotic Betting

The charges against Vasquez and Venezia stem from testimony presented at the
board's hearings last summer into race-fixing at Aqueduct, Belmont Park and
Saratoga, the tracks operated by the New York Racing Association. The board's
investigation centered on races in which trifecta (or triple) and exacta
wagering was held. Exactas and trifectas require the selection of the first two
or three finishers in a race in exact order.

Board sources said Vasquez and Venezia were the two unnamed jockeys against whom
disciplinary action was recommended in a report on the race-fixing scandal that
was published 11 days ago. The sources said the decision to act against Arellano
was made since then, after the board members undertook a final review of all the
available evidence.

The report, written by John S. Clark and John D. Patten, special attorneys for
the board who conducted the hearings and have been investigating the matter for
almost two years, said that many other prominent jockeys had fixed races and
consistently lied about their involvement but could not be prosecuted because of
an absence of cooperative witnesses and hard evidence.

Four other former riders have been barred by the board from racing for their
part in the race-fixing scheme. Con Errico, accused of being the middleman
between corrupt gamblers and jockeys, is serving a five-year racketeering
sentence in Federal prison for offering bribes to at least three riders. The
licenses of Jose Amy and Benjamin A. Feliciano were revoked after they testified
at Errico's trial that they had accepted bribes from Errico.

Feliciano also testified that he had been offered bribes by Eddie Belmonte, who,
investigators say, succeeded Errico as the middleman in the scheme. Belmonte's
license as a jockey's agent has been revoked.

Action Against Amy

The board also entered a ruling yesterday into its official minutes barring Amy
from ever being licensed to participate in New York racing. The ruling cited
Amy's admission in the Errico trial that he accepted numerous bribes to hold
back his mounts and his refusal to cooperate with board investigators after
accusing many jockeys of fixing races.

The show-cause orders charge Vasquez with attempting to bribe Mochael Hole and
Eddie Maple to hold back their mounts in two separate races at Saratoga Race
Track in August 1974. Hole, who died in an apparent suicide in 1976, never
reported the incident. John Cotter, the owner and trainer of the horse Hole was
riding, said that Hole told him he had received a bribe offer. Cotter said that
when he asked Hole who had made it, Hole pointed a finger at Vasquez.

Maple said Vasquez had approached him, asked him what he thought of his horse's
chances in a race and asked him if he ''wanted to make some money.'' Maple said
that he did not consider the incident a bribe offer and had walked away from
Vasquez. In a recent interview, Maple said he thought that investigators had
''blown the incident completely out of proportion.''

Vasquez has declined comment on either incident other than to maintain his
innocence and direct questioners to his attorney. Samuel Dawson, who represents
Vasquez, failed to return several telephone calls to his Manhattan office
yesterday.

Venezia volunteered at the hearings that he had been offered a $3,500 bribe by
Errico several months before refusing a $7,500 offer that he testified about at
the Errico trial. Venezia's failure to report the earlier offer to the track
stewards, and his failure to mention it to board investigators under
questioning, violates the rules of racing.

Venezia and his attorney, Peter E. Fleming Jr., refused to comment yesterday.

Charges Against Arellano

Arellano has been identified by board investigators as part of the ''core
group'' of five jockeys - a group that does not include Vasquez or Venezia -
that did most of the actual race-fixing in New York. The board's charge against
him, however, is for supposedly lying about his involvement with a race-fixing
scheme in New Jersey in which he was only a fringe member.

The board is expected to charge that Arellano at one time admitted to
law-enforcement officials that he had accepted a bribe in 1975 from Kevin Daly,
a former jockey who was convicted in 1979 of bribing numerous jockeys at Garden
State Park in New Jersey, and that Arellano thus lied to board investigators by
denying any involvement in race-fixing.

Arellano, who has denied that he ever made such an admission, has ridden only
occasionally in New York this year and could not be located for comment
yesterday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             111 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2016 Monday

New York: Former Minister Of Mines For The Republic Of Guinea Charged With
Receiving And Laundering $8.5 Million In Bribes From Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 778  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Leslie R. Caldwell, the Assistant Attorney General of the Department of
Justice's Criminal Division, and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant
Director-in-Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation ("FBI"), announced that MAHMOUD THIAM was arrested in Manhattan
this morning on money laundering charges stemming from his scheme to launder
$8.5 million in bribes that THIAM received from senior representatives of a
Chinese conglomerate.  The charges allege that THIAM used his official position
as Minister of Mines for the Republic of Guinea to facilitate the award to the
Chinese conglomerate of exclusive and highly valuable investment rights in
various sectors of the Guinean economy.  THIAM was presented today in Manhattan
federal court before Magistrate Judge James C. Francis.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Mahmoud Thiam, a former
high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his position to accept millions
in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered the money through New York.
Thiam, a U.S. citizen, will now face justice."



 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said: "Former Minister Thiam is
accused of enriching himself at the expense of the people of the Republic of
Guinea. We cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of
official corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay
bribes, and also the corrupt officials who receive them."



 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William Sweeney, Jr. said: "Today's action
shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to investigating all
levels of corruption. The United States will be relentless in its efforts to
uphold fair, equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use
corruption for personal gain will not be tolerated."



 According to the Complaint[1] unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:



 MAHMOUD THIAM, a United States citizen who was Minister of Mines and Geology of
the Republic of Guinea in 2009 and 2010, engaged in a scheme to accept bribes
from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate and to launder that money
into the United States and elsewhere.  In exchange for these multimillion-dollar
bribe payments, THIAM used his position as Minister of Mines to facilitate the
award to the Chinese conglomerate of exclusive and highly valuable investment
rights in a wide range of sectors of the Guinean economy, including near total
control of Guinea's significant mining sector.



 In order to receive the bribes covertly, THIAM opened a bank account in Hong
Kong (the "Hong Kong Account") and misreported his occupation to the Hong Kong
bank to conceal his status as a public official in Guinea.  Upon receiving the
bribes, THIAM transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds from the Hong
Kong Account to, among other things, THIAM's bank accounts in the United States;
a Malaysian company that facilitated and concealed THIAM's purchase of a
$3,750,000 estate in Dutchess County, New York; private preparatory schools in
Manhattan attended by THIAM's children; and at least one other West African
public official.



 To further conceal the unlawful source of the bribery proceeds that THIAM
transferred from the Hong Kong Account to banks in the United States, THIAM lied
to two banks based in Manhattan and on tax returns filed with the Internal
Revenue Service regarding the bribe payments, his position as a foreign public
official, and the source of the funds in the Hong Kong Account.  In total, THIAM
received approximately $8.5 million in bribes from the Chinese conglomerate.





 THIAM, 50, of Manhattan, is charged with two counts of money laundering, each
of which carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison.



 The maximum potential sentences in this case are prescribed by Congress and are
provided here for informational purposes only, as any sentencing of the
defendant will be determined by the judge.



 Mr. Bharara praised the outstanding investigative work of the FBI.



 The prosecution of this case is being handled by the Office's Complex Frauds
and Cybercrime Unit.  Assistant United States Attorney Elisha J. Kobre and
Assistant Chief Tarek Helou, Senior Trial Attorney Jason Linder and Trial
Attorney Sarah Edwards of the Fraud Section of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division are in charge of the prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             112 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 30, 2014 Wednesday

Shocking: A Chicago alderman turns down a bribe

BYLINE: Brendan Bond, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 488 words


April 30--What an idiot. Chicago alderman Anthony Beale had the chance to
collect $15,000 in bribe money and he turned it down.

(The above was said completely tongue-in-check).

Ald. Beale (far South Side) is being lauded as a hero for turning down the
bribes offered to him and for alerting the authorities, prompting an undercover
investigation that led to the arrest of Wasfi Mansour, a Northwest Indiana man.

Chicago Sun-Times columnist Michael Sneed got the scoop and has more:

According to court documents obtained by Sneed, Mansour allegedly contacted
Beale's aldermanic office in September of 2012 seeking to have $42,000 in
business fines dismissed in exchange for a campaign contribution. Beale told
police, who in turn told the State's Attorney's Office.

An undercover officer posing as an aide to the alderman met with Mansour on
several occasions, but the deal fell through. It wasn't long before Mansour
reached out again, this time about lifting a liquor license moratorium. Mansour
was recorded offering $5,000 and $10,000 bribes for liquor license and zoning
favors, according to court documents.

On Monday, Beale confirmed with Sneed that he was the alderman who did the right
thing.

With charges and allegations swirling around certain Chicago aldermen and their
staff members for bribe-taking, this caper comes with a very certain sense of
irony.

"Historically, bribery tends to be the honey which has lured many alderman into
jail cells," said a Sneed source. "It turns out Ald. Beale became an unlikely
hero because he immediately reported the bribery attempt to authorities and an
undercover investigation began," the source added.

From 1973-2012, 31 Chicago aldermen were convicted of corruption. Check out
Sneed's column for the full list.

It's a list that won't include Beale, because he was the alderman who said no to
the money.

The news about Beale comes a week after it was released that former State Rep.
Derrick Smith admitted to feds he "f--ed up" following an arrest on bribery
charges in 2012. Smith's trial begins next month.

Along with turning down bribes, Beale has a lot on his plate, including trying
to help Chicago climb its way out of the pension that's been dug. Here are some
more articles on the struggle facing the city.

Brendan Bond is an editorial assistant at Reboot Illinois. He is a graduate of
Loyola University, where he majored in journalism. Brendan takes a look each day
at the Land of Lincoln Lowdown and it's often pretty low. He examines the
property tax rates that drive Illinoisans insane. You can find Reboot on
Facebook and on Twitter @rebootillinois.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2014 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140430-2IL-Shocking-A-Chicago-alderman-turns-down-a-bribe-20140430

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2014


                             113 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                            December 7, 2010 Tuesday

BYLINE:

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 473  words


U.K. man pleads guilty to KBR Nigeria bribes

HOUSTON - A Briton who worked for a unit of KBR Inc. pleaded guilty Monday in
U.S. court to taking part in a decade-long scheme to bribe high-level Nigerian
officials to secure $6 billion in contracts.

Wojciech Chodan, 72, admitted to Foreign Corrupt Practices Act violations for
bribes he and others paid from 1994 to 2004, after they met at "crucial
junctures" with successive holders of a top-level office in Nigeria's executive
branch, the U.S. Department of Justice said in a statement.

The bribes were paid to get contracts for a KBR-run joint venture to build and
expand Nigeria's Bonny Island liquefied natural gas terminal. KBR sought to
avoid an FCPA breach by using shell companies in Portugal and not appointing
U.S. citizens to run them, according to previous court filings.

KBR and ex-parent Halliburton Co. already reached a total U.S. settlement over
Bonny Island of $579 million. As part of the 2007 separation, Halliburton agreed
to cover KBR's Bonny Island liabilities.

Microsoft offering cash to competitors' customers

SEATTLE - Microsoft Corp. is offering customers of Salesforce.com Inc. thousands
of dollars in rebates to switch over to its own customer relationship management
system.

In an advertisement placed in the U.S. West Coast edition of the Wall Street
Journal on Monday - timed to coincide with the start of Salesforce.com's annual
'Dreamforce' user conference in San Francisco - Microsoft is offering companies
$200 per user to move to its product.

The incentive, to be used as a rebate on the cost of transferring to Microsoft's
system, could add up to tens of thousands of dollars or more for some companies.

Microsoft's move is the latest in a lively rivalry between the two companies,
vying over the emerging role of "cloud computing," or providing computing power
and applications over the Internet.

Salesforce.com, which sells programs to organize companies' contacts with its
customers, is a leader in "cloud" and aggressively campaigns against the use of
installed software, which is Microsoft's stock in trade.

Energy agency may raise world oil demand forecast

WASHINGTON - Rapid growth from emerging markets may push the U.S. government's
energy forecasting agency to lift its global oil demand forecast today, just
days before OPEC meets to decide its oil output quotas.

The Energy Information Administration was due to release today its monthly
short-term energy report, the first of three major oil forecasts coming out this
week.

The International Energy Agency and the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting
Countries were both scheduled to unveil their monthly energy forecasts on
Friday, a day ahead of OPEC's meeting in Ecuador.

Last month, the EIA boosted its 2011 world oil demand growth forecast by 33,000
barrels per day to 1.44 million.

Source: Reuters

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             114 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Employee of Army Engineers Is Accused of Accepting Bribes

BYLINE: By JAMES GLANZ

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; Foreign Desk; THE STRUGGLE FOR IRAQ:
RECONSTRUCTION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 556 words


A member of the United States Army Corps of Engineers was arrested Friday at the
Atlanta airport after a sting operation and is accused of accepting thousands of
dollars in bribes from a Kuwaiti rental agent who wanted to provide expensive
apartments for American military employees in Kuwait, the Justice Department
said yesterday.

The Corps of Engineers employee is a 62-year-old civilian named Gheevarghese
Pappen.

The charges are the latest in a growing number of corruption cases involving
contracting, supplies, construction and transport services in support of the war
in Iraq.

Mr. Pappen, a naturalized American who was returning to his home in Savannah,
Ga., when he was arrested, is accused of accepting about $45,000 in bribes.

Unlike several previous cases involving accusations of bribes or inflated
charges for services, there was no indication that this case was part of a wider
conspiracy to skim money from contracts paid for by the United States government
for the war effort.

According to the charges filed in the United States District Court of the
District of Columbia, Mr. Pappen simply demanded envelopes stuffed with cash
from a Kuwaiti rental agent in exchange for giving the agent the lucrative
apartment rental business.

Mr. Pappen's job was to locate apartments for Army personnel assigned to Camp
Arifjan, a dusty military base near Kuwait's border with Iraq.

The court papers say he discussed various schemes with the Kuwaiti rental agent
-- called a ''realtor'' in the court papers -- including one that would give Mr.
Pappen a part of every monthly rent payment on the apartments.

At one point in the spring of 2005, Mr. Pappen was described as having teased
the rental agent, Fahhad Abdullah Matar, by flashing a United States government
check for $363,800 and suggesting that the business would all be Mr. Matar's if
certain conditions were met.

Shortly afterward, the papers say, Mr. Matar received the check and then paid
Mr. Pappen a $30,000 bribe at a local Indian restaurant. Mr. Pappen is
originally from India.

Among other things, his case throws light on the living conditions of American
government and military personnel working in Kuwait, where the routine dangers
and privations of working in Iraq are largely nonexistent.

The United States government was being charged more than $2,000 a month for some
of the apartments in luxury buildings that Mr. Pappen was renting, the court
papers indicate.

But the scheme began to come undone in February, the court papers say, when a
military officer, apparently suspecting that the apartments were overpriced,
confronted Mr. Matar, who quickly admitted that he had been paying bribes to Mr.
Pappen.

Mr. Matar then began cooperating with agents in the Army Criminal Investigative
Division.

As part of the investigation, Mr. Matar wore a recording device last week in
Kuwait and delivered a $22,000 bribe while agents listened, the court papers
say.

During that meeting, Mr. Pappen rambled on about sharing future bribes with Mr.
Matar, the court papers say.

''Why don't we do 50-50?'' Mr. Pappen said, according to the papers.

Later he is reported to have said, ''You take 40, I take 30 -- does that make
you happy?''

If convicted on the bribery charges, Mr. Pappen faces up to 15 years in prison
and fines of as much as $250,000.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                             115 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 13, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CITY LEGAL CHIEF SEES A PROBLEM IN BRIBE INQUIRY

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 549 words


The Koch administration's chief lawyer warned yesterday that prosecutors may be
setting a bad example in the municipal corruption scandal by prosecuting the
public officials who take bribes without also going after the private business
executives who pay the bribes.

''Bribe givers may be getting off a little softly,'' said the lawyer, Frederick
A. O. Schwarz Jr., the city's corporation counsel. In the short run, Mr. Schwarz
said, he understood that prosecutors might need to make deals with possible
defendants in order to gain their testimony against public officials.

But, he added, he was concerned that this would be bad in the long run ''if the
lesson is that businessmen don't pay a significant price'' for bribery of public
officials.

Mr. Schwarz made the comment at an American Bar Association seminar on
corruption in government contracting, which focused in large measure on the
scandal at the city's Parking Violations Bureau. The seminar, at the Sheraton
Centre, was part of the association's national convention.

Reminiscent of Koch Remarks

Mr. Schwarz's remarks were reminiscent of comments Mayor Koch made early in the
corruption scandal, although different in tone. The Mayor criticized prosecutors
for giving immunity from prosecution to a Queens lawyer, Michael Dowd, in
exchange for his testimony that he paid bribes, on the instructions of Donald R.
Manes, who was then Queens Borough President, to keep collection contracts with
the parking bureau.

The Mayor said at the time, before any charges had been brought, that Mr. Dowd
was just as guilty as Mr. Manes, who later resigned from office and committed
suicide.

Mr. Koch later said he had been convinced that the grant of immunity was
necessary to proceed with the investigation of municipal corruption.

Seated directly to Mr. Schwarz's left at yesterday's seminar was the man who
made many of the decisions on whom to prosecute in the parking scandal, Rudolph
W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan.

Mr. Giuliani said prosecutors do not want to give immunity from prosecution to
people who have been involved in illegal acts. ''We do it because we have no
other practical choice,'' he said.

Immunity to Three

Later Mr. Giuliani said his office had granted immunity to ''about three''
witnesses, including Mr. Dowd, all of them businessmen who paid bribes.

He declined to identify the others. He noted, however, that while most of those
charged in the parking bureau scandal were present or former city officials,
several businessmen who refused to cooperate in the investigation had also been
charged.

There have been both Federal and state charges in the case, and the Federal
trial is scheduled to start Sept. 22.

Mr. Giuliani said that in crimes where both the bribe giver and bribe taker
benefit, and there are no other witnesses, it is often possible to prosecute
only by getting one of the participants to testify against the other.

Prosecutors would prefer to have one of these participants plead guilty and then
testify, Mr. Giuliani said. This makes the witness more credible in court, he
said. But this is not always possible, he said, and sometimes there is ''no
other way'' to prosecute without promising immunity to one of the participants
in the corruption.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             116 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Two New Jersey Doctors Sentenced to Prison for Taking Bribes in
Test-Referrals Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

NEWARK, NJ--Two New Jersey doctors were each sentenced today to prison for
accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running scheme
operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New
Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Wayne Lajewski, 51, of Madison, New Jersey and Glenn Leslie, 60, of Ramsey, New
Jersey, were sentenced to 14 months and 24 months in prison, respectively.
Lajewski and Leslie previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Stanley
R. Chesler to separate informations charging them each with one count of
accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentences today in Newark federal
court.

Including Lajewski and Leslie, 37 people--24 of them physicians--have pleaded
guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted
involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in
payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The
investigation has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Lajewski admitted he accepted cash bribes of $2,000 per month over two years in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received more
than $850,000. Leslie admitted accepting $5,000 per month in return for
referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received $380,000.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced both Lajewski and Leslie
to one year of supervised release and fined them $10,000 each. As part of their
guilty pleas, Lajewski must forfeit $48,000 and Leslie must forfeit $350,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencings.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             117 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Doctor Sentenced to 16 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes in Test-Referral
Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 514  words


Washington,D.C.: FBI - Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of United
States of America has issued the following news release:

An internist with a practice in Montclair, New Jersey, was sentenced today to 16
months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of
a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS),
of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Charles Goldberg, 61, of West Orange, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Goldberg imposed the sentence today in
in Newark federal court.

Including Goldberg, 34 people--23 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in these and related cases and statements made in
court:

Goldberg admitted accepting bribes of $1,800 per month through a sham lease
agreement with BLS, which identified the waiting room, bathroom and one
examination room in Goldberg's office as being leased.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Goldberg to one year of
supervised release and fined him $50,000. As part of his guilty plea, Goldberg
must forfeit $58,000, representing the bribes he received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS--Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             118 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 19, 2012 Tuesday

Feds: Man tries to bribe CBP officer in Progreso

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 484 words


June 19--PROGRESO -- Federal agents arrested a man accused of attempting to
bribe a Customs officer so he would allow his family to illegally enter the
United States.

After Jose Luis Huerta Aguilar, 30, allegedly handed over $6,495 to a Customs
and Border Protection officer Saturday evening, agents took him into custody and
he admitted to the bribe, according to a criminal complaint filed with a U.S.
Magistrate on Monday in McAllen.

Supervisory CBP Officer Efrain De Los Santos told an Office of Inspector General
agent that he had received an unknown call on his government-issued push-to-talk
Blackberry radio on Thursday, the complaint states.

The unknown man calling said he knew De Los Santos worked at the bridge and
asked for help crossing a family into the U.S. in exchange for a $1,000 bribe
per person. He asked if he could assist the family "as a favor and further
acknowledged that favors aren't free," the complaint states.

De Los Santos alerted the Department of Homeland Security Office of Inspector
General, which monitored the officer's calls on his push-to-talk radio,
recording that a family was willing to pay for a man, his 25-year-old wife and
their 1-year-old child to be smuggled through the bridge. The unknown man, later
identified as Huerta, agreed to pay De Los Santos $1,500 per person in exchange
for the safe passage.

De Los Santos received another call on Friday, where Huerta said he was trying
to sell various vehicles to raise the bribe money.

On Saturday, De Los Santos spoke with Huerta, who said he had only raised $1,000
-- short of original bribe they'd agreed upon. Huerta asked to pay the bribe in
front of the UETA duty free shop at the Progreso International Bridge, but De
Los Santos refused, saying there were too many cameras, the complaint states.

Huerta, his wife and child met De Los Santos at the bridge about 8:30 p.m.
Saturday, where they were taken into a processing room at the bridge.

Huerta took some money from his wife's purse and handed it to De Los Santos, who
asked if he knew they were bribing him, the complaint states. Huerta said yes.

Immigration and Customs Enforcement agents then arrested Huerta, who admitted he
tried to bribe De Los Santos, the complaint states. Huerta, of Rio Bravo,
Tamps., said he knew it was illegal to bribe a CBP officer, but he was "afraid
of crossing the Rio Grande" and lacked immigration papers to legally enter the
United States.

Huerta made an initial appearance Monday before U.S. Magistrate Judge Dorina
Ramos, who ordered him to remain in custody before a detention hearing set for
Thursday.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at jtaylor@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4439.

TWITTER

Follow Jared Taylor on Twitter: @jaredataylor

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120619-MC-Feds-Man-tries-to-bribe
-CBP-officer-in-Progreso-0619-20120619

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                             119 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Jamestown Sun (North Dakota)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Great Stories of the Great Plains: Moon crater named after former Stutsman
landowner

BYLINE: Keith Norman, The Jamestown Sun, N.D.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 592 words


July 28--Not all the early investors in Stutsman County were upstanding
characters. Some could be downright crooked and seemed to be just one step ahead
of a jail sentence.

From what I can tell, Charles Yerkes never lived in Stutsman County and was an
absentee investor who learned about the area in a most bizarre way.

Yerkes was a investment broker in Philadelphia in the 1860s. By all reports he
was successful and was moving in all the right society circles.

His position made him the obvious choice to serve as the broker handling the
finances of the city of Philadelphia. This evidently worked well until he
apparently invested most of the city's resources in stocks of companies in
Chicago in 1870 and 1871.

When the Great Chicago Fire came along in October 1871, those companies all went
bankrupt, and the city of Philadelphia lost a big hunk of its money.

This resulted in grand larceny charges against Yerkes, who was found guilty and
sentenced to 33 months in prison. Yerkes paid some bribes to a couple of
Pennsylvania officials but was still hauled off to jail.

Oddly enough, when the bribes came to light, he was given a pardon in exchange
for a promise not to admit to making the bribes. He was pardoned after seven
months in prison so, in an odd way, paying the bribes actually did get him out
of prison.

Once a free man, Yerkes set about getting rich again. He was most noted for his
ownership of streetcar lines in Chicago and other major cities. An 1899
Jamestown Alert article referred to him as a "streetcar magnate." The article
was prompted when his private railcar passed through Jamestown while traveling
on the Northern Pacific.

He also contributed to science. His contributions to the University of Chicago
astronomy department got its observatory named after him. At the time it was the
largest telescope in the world

Yerkes' personal life was also a bit of a mess. In 1889, he moved temporarily to
Fargo in order to get a divorce under the Dakota Territory's liberal divorce
laws. It is likely that he invested in Dakota lands, including a couple of
sections of Stutsman County property during this period.

He also found his next wife. The Alert article notes that Mr. Yerkes had met the
second Mrs. Yerkes when she was a school teacher at Valley City.

The online biography of Charles Yerkes notes he married a Mary Adelaide Moore
and that he was 20 years her senior at the time of the nuptials.

Through his career, Yerkes continued to specialize in streetcar and subway
lines. He was a financier involved with the London subway system and a few other
places around the world. While his assets were several million at the time of
his death in 1905, his net worth was less than $1 million because of his large
debts.

Adjusted for inflation, that is about $27 million today so I guess he wasn't
doing too bad.

Some people consider Yerkes at least somewhat corrupt and a bad example of the
business barons that Theodore Roosevelt would later fight as part of his
trust-busting efforts.

On a positive note, he was recognized for his contributions to the exploration
of space through his sponsorship of the University of Chicago observatory. The
astronomers there named Yerkes Crater on the moon in his honor.

That I believe, makes him the only former Stutsman County landowner to have a
feature on the moon named in his honor.

Author Keith Norman can be reached at

keith@keithnorman books.com

___ (c)2015 The Jamestown Sun (Jamestown, N.D.) Visit The Jamestown Sun
(Jamestown, N.D.) at www.jamestownsun.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150728-QJ-Great-Stories-of-the-Great-Plains-Moon-crater-named-after-former-Stu
tsman-landowner-0728-20150728

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QJ


                        Copyright 2015 The Jamestown Sun


                             120 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 23, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Miami-Dade Department of Public Works Employee Pleads Guilty
to Accepting $150,000 in Bribes from Contractor

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida;
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office; and Jose A. Gonzalez, Special Agent in Charge, Internal
Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), announce that Garfield Perry,
67, of North Miami Beach, pled guilty to a one-count information charging him
with conspiring to accept bribes in connection with programs receiving federal
funds and to commit extortion, all in violation of Title 18, United States Code,
Section 371. Sentencing is scheduled for July 29, 2014, at 9:00 a.m. before U.S.
District Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga.

According to the stipulated statement of facts executed by the parties, from at
least 2002 through 2009, Perry was the roadway lighting coordinator for the
Department of Public Works in Miami-Dade County. In this capacity, Perry was
responsible for, among other things, overseeing the maintenance of more than
22,000 street lights in the county's roadway system. The information charges
that from 2006 through October 2009, Perry accepted bribe payments from a
manufacturer's representative totaling approximately $150,000. Perry regularly
directed the manufacturer's representative to make the bribe payments by paying
down debts owed by Perry, including payments on two home mortgages, one car
loan, two home insurance policies, two car insurance policies, and eight credit
cards. Perry accepted as bribe payments from the manufacturer's representative
cruise vacations, domestic and international airline tickets, payments for
hotels, and theatre tickets. Perry regularly directed the manufacturer's
representative to make bribe payments by issuing checks payable to third
parties, and, after the checks were cashed, determined the manner in which the
proceeds were to be split. Perry falsely certified to Miami-Dade County that he
was not engaged in any outside employment and did not receive any gratuities. In
return for the bribe payments, Perry helped to ensure that lighting products
used in Public Works' projects were represented by the manufacturer's
representative.

At sentencing, Perry faces a possible maximum statutory sentence of up to five
years in prison.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and IRS-CI. The case
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey N. Kaplan.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             121 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 22, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Miami-Dade Department of Public Works Employee Pleads Guilty
to Accepting $150,000 in Bribes from Contractor

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida;
George L. Piro, Special Agent in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI),
Miami Field Office; and Jose A. Gonzalez, Special Agent in Charge, Internal
Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation (IRS-CI), announce that Garfield Perry,
67, of North Miami Beach, pled guilty to a one-count information charging him
with conspiring to accept bribes in connection with programs receiving federal
funds and to commit extortion, all in violation of Title 18, United States Code,
Section 371. Sentencing is scheduled for July 29, 2014, at 9:00 a.m. before U.S.
District Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga.

According to the stipulated statement of facts executed by the parties, from at
least 2002 through 2009, Perry was the roadway lighting coordinator for the
Department of Public Works in Miami-Dade County. In this capacity, Perry was
responsible for, among other things, overseeing the maintenance of more than
22,000 street lights in the county's roadway system. The information charges
that from 2006 through October 2009, Perry accepted bribe payments from a
manufacturer's representative totaling approximately $150,000. Perry regularly
directed the manufacturer's representative to make the bribe payments by paying
down debts owed by Perry, including payments on two home mortgages, one car
loan, two home insurance policies, two car insurance policies, and eight credit
cards. Perry accepted as bribe payments from the manufacturer's representative
cruise vacations, domestic and international airline tickets, payments for
hotels, and theatre tickets. Perry regularly directed the manufacturer's
representative to make bribe payments by issuing checks payable to third
parties, and, after the checks were cashed, determined the manner in which the
proceeds were to be split. Perry falsely certified to Miami-Dade County that he
was not engaged in any outside employment and did not receive any gratuities. In
return for the bribe payments, Perry helped to ensure that lighting products
used in Public Works' projects were represented by the manufacturer's
representative.

At sentencing, Perry faces a possible maximum statutory sentence of up to five
years in prison.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI and IRS-CI. The case
is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jeffrey N. Kaplan.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             122 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                December 3, 1997, Wednesday, THREE STAR EDITION

SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS CONVICTION OF TEXAS JAIL CHIEF IN FEDERAL BRIBE CASE

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A7

LENGTH: 432 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


State and local officials can be convicted under a federal bribery law, even if
they were only contracted under a federal program, the Supreme Court said
Tuesday.

The unanimous ruling upheld a Texas jail official's conviction on bribery and
racketeering-conspiracy charges for taking bribes to allow an inmate to have
conjugal visits with his wife.

Justice Anthony M. Kennedy wrote for the court, "The preferential treatment
accorded to (the inmate) was a threat to the integrity and proper operation of
the federal program." The federal bribery law therefore applies.

Mario Salinas, former chief of detention in Hidalgo County, Texas, was sentenced
to three years in prison and fined $ 5,000 in connection with bribes that
prosecutors said were paid by a federal prisoner, Homero Beltran-Aguirre.

Federal prosecutors said Beltran arranged for a series of bribes to be paid to
Salinas and then-Hidalgo County Sheriff Brigido Marmolejo Jr. so that Beltran
could have conjugal visits with his wife or a girlfriend. Prosecutors said
Salinas received expensive watches and a pickup as bribes.

The law under which Salinas was convicted prohibits bribes to state and local
officials employed by agencies receiving federal money. Under a contract with
the federal government, the Hidalgo County Jail occasionally housed federal
prisoners. Beltran was held at the county jail from June 1991 to April 1992 and
from November 1992 to April 1993.

The 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, based in New Orleans, upheld Salinas'
conviction in July of last year. In his appeal to the Supreme Court, Salinas
contended that the federal bribery law could not be used against him because no
federal funds were involved.

The justices also ruled in Salinas' case that people can be convicted o f
racketeering-conspiracy without proof that they agreed to commit the acts
required for conviction of a racketeering offense. Some federal appeals courts
had ruled in other cases that prosecutors must show that a defendant agreed to
personally commit the racketeering offenses.

Open primaries

In another unanimous decision Tuesday, the justices struck down part of
Louisiana's open-primary practice, saying states cannot elect members of
Congress before the national Election Day in November.

Louisiana's unique open-primary system allowed members of Congress to be elected
in the October primary if one candidate got more than half of the total vote.
For nearly 20 years, the overwhelming majority of Louisiana's contested
congressional elections have been decided in the October primary.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             123 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

Man pleads guilty to trying to bribe Irwindale city council members

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 297 words


LOS ANGELES - A Baldwin Park print shop owner and political consultant pleaded
guilty Thursday to allegations that he tried to bribe to Irwindale city council
members.

Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Barbara Johnson immediately sentenced
Ronaldo Valera, 45, to three years of formal probation, as well as 40 days of
community service, Los Angeles County District Attorney's spokeswoman Sandi
Gibbons said. He was also sentenced to four days in jail, though it was unclear
if that time had already been served.

Valera was charged in March of last year with attempting to bribe Irwindale city
councilman Manuel Ortiz and and Larry Burrola, prosecutors said. The bribes were
not accepted.

Valera pleaded not guilty in April of last year before changing his plea to
guilty Thursday.

Valera, as well as the handling deputy district attorney, could not be reached
for comment Friday.

Valera acted at an intermediary when he attempted to bribe the councilmen in
attempt to get them to vote for a conditional use permit to sell liquor at the
Mariscos Uruapan restaurant in Irwindale on Dec. 24, 2008, officials said.

Prosecutors have declined to specify the amounts of the attempted bribes.

No one from the restaurant was arrested in in the probe.

The Irwindale City Council voted 3-2 in March of 2009 voted 3-2 in favor of
allowing the restaurant to sell distilled spirits.

Burrola, then-mayor Mark Breceda and Councilman Manuel Garcia voted in favor of
allowing the restaurant to serve distilled spirits. Ortiz and Councilman David
Fuentes voted in opposition.

Valera owns Colourgraphix at 14180 Live Oak Ave. in Baldwin Park, which also
houses a technical school, has worked as a political analyst.

He ran for a seat on the Valley County Water Board in 2005, according to a
campaign website.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             124 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 7, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

JUDGE DOES NOT TESTIFY IN BRIBE TRIAL

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section 1; Page 50, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 452 words


Defense lawyers at the Federal corruption trial of Justice William C. Brennan of
State Supreme Court in Queens rested their case yesterday without calling the
judge to the witness stand.

Justice Brennan, 67 years old, is accused of taking cash bribes to fix criminal
cases for mob figures. He was suspended without pay from his $82,000-a-year post
after his indictment last July on 26 counts of racketeering, conspiracy, wire
fraud and extortion.

An attorney for the justice, Daniel Hollman, said outside of court that he had
advised him ''that in my judgment the Government has not proven its case beyond
a reasonable doubt and therefore there is no need or requirement for him to take
the stand in his own defense.''

Testimony on Reputation

Mr. Hollman and his partner, Matthew Byrne, took just two days to present their
case to the jury of 10 women and two men at Federal District Court in Brooklyn.
Most of the 18 defense witnesses were friends or colleagues of Justice Brennan
who testified he had an excellent reputation for honesty and truthfulness.

Government prosecutors took 11 days to present their case, calling more than 40
witnesses. They included a man who claimed to have funneled bribes to Justice
Brennan for more than a decade and an informer for the Federal Bureau of
Investigation who set up the last purported bribe scheme that led to the
indictment.

The judge hearing the case, Jack B. Weinstein, scheduled the start of closing
arguments for Monday, with the case expected to go to the jury early next week.

Justice Brennan, who has been on the bench for 18 years, was accused of taking
or soliciting bribes to fix as many as seven criminal cases involving gambling,
attempted murder and narcotics.

Down Payment Said Returned

Anthony Bruno, a Florida restaurateur who said he had been a longtime close
friend of Justice Brennan, testified he passed about $47,000 in bribe money to
Justice Brennan. He also said he accepted a $25,000 down payment on a bribe from
a drug dealer, Salvatore Polisi, which Mr. Bruno said he later returned on
Justice Brennan's orders.

Mr. Polisi, a convicted bank robber and drug dealer, testified he gave the down
payment to Mr. Bruno, who supplied him with information about his drug case.

On Thursday, three defense witnesses, a court clerk and two court officers,
testified that Mr. Polisi's case file - like all court files in Queens - was
open to the public.

The court clerk also testified that most of the information Mr. Bruno gave Mr.
Polisi - purportedly obtained from Justice Brennan - was in the public file.

Justice Brennan has maintained that Mr. Bruno used their friendship to swindle
defendants without his knowledge.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             125 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 13, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Managing Partner of U.S. Broker-Dealer Charged in Manhattan Federal
Court with Participating in Massive International Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1032 words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A managing partner of a U.S. broker-dealer was arrested today on felony charges
arising from a conspiracy to pay bribes to a senior official in Venezuela's
state economic development bank, Banco de Desarrollo Económico y Social de
Venezuela (BANDES).

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara for the Southern District of New
York, and Assistant Director in Charge George Venizelos of the FBI's New York
Office made the announcement.

Ernesto Lujan, 50, among others, allegedly arranged the bribe payments to Maria
De Los Angeles Gonzalez De Hernandez at BANDES in exchange for her directing
BANDES's financial trading business to the broker-dealer. Lujan was arrested
this morning in Wellington, Florida, where he resides, and was presented in
federal court in West Palm Beach, Florida.

"The huge bribes Mr. Lujan and others allegedly paid funneled millions to his
firm and into his own pockets," said Acting Assistant Attorney General Raman.
"Bribery corrupts markets, and this arrest--just the latest in the department's
recent series of anti-corruption charges in various districts--is yet another
demonstration that, at the end of the day, the real dividends bribe payers reap
are criminal charges."

"From his perch as managing partner, Ernesto Lujan allegedly engaged in a
bribery scheme designed to drum up foreign trading business for his firm," said
U.S. Attorney Bharara. "Along with his alleged cohorts, three of whom were
arrested last month, he pocketed millions from the alleged scheme which was
executed through kickbacks to a Venezuelan government official and through money
laundering."

"As alleged, Lujan led a conspiracy to bribe a foreign government bank official
to steer business to his firm," said FBI Assistant Director in Charge Venizelos.
"As previously alleged, much of this trading activity was conducted solely to
generate fees for the firm. Lujan personally reaped millions in profits and used
Swiss bank accounts to conceal both the bribes and his own proceeds of the
scheme."

On May 3, 2013, Gonzalez, along with two employees of the broker-dealer, Tomas
Alberto Clarke Bethancourt and Jose Alejandro Hurtado, were arrested on separate
charges relating to this bribery scheme. On May 6, 2013, the government filed a
civil forfeiture action in Manhattan federal court seeking the forfeiture of
assets held in a number of bank accounts associated with the scheme, including
several bank accounts located in Switzerland, and the forfeiture of several
properties in the Miami area related to Hurtado that were purchased with his
proceeds from the scheme. That same day, the court also issued seizure warrants
for multiple bank accounts and a restraining order relating to those Miami
properties.

In a separate action, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC)
announced civil charges against Lujan.

According to the allegations in the criminal complaint unsealed today and other
documents filed in Manhattan federal court, Lujan, a managing partner of the
broker-dealer, which was headquartered in New York City, was the branch manager
of its Miami offices. In 2008, the broker-dealer established a group called the
Global Markets Group, which included Lujan, Clarke, and Hurtado, and that
offered fixed income trading services to institutional clients. One of the
broker-dealer's clients was BANDES, which operated under the direction of the
Venezuelan Ministry of Finance. The Venezuelan government had a majority
ownership interest in BANDES and provided it with substantial funding. Gonzalez,
a BANDES official, oversaw the development bank's overseas trading activity. At
her direction, BANDES conducted substantial trading through the broker-dealer.
Most of the trades executed by the broker-dealer on behalf of BANDES involved
fixed income investments for which the broker-dealer charged the bank a mark-up
on purchases and a mark-down on sales.

From December 2008 through October 2010, Lujan, along with Clarke, Hurtado, and
Gonzalez, allegedly participated in a bribery scheme in which Gonzalez directed
trading business she controlled at BANDES to the broker-dealer, and in return,
agents and employees of the broker-dealer, including Lujan, split the revenue
the broker-dealer generated from this trading business with Gonzalez. During
this time period, the Broker-Dealer generated over $60 million in mark-ups and
mark-downs from trades with BANDES. Agents and employees of the broker-dealer,
including Lujan, Clarke, and Hurtado, allegedly devised a split with Gonzalez of
the commissions paid by BANDES to the broker-dealer.

Court records allege that to further conceal the scheme, the kickbacks to
Gonzalez were often paid using intermediary corporations and offshore accounts
that she held in Switzerland, among other places. For example, at least $9.5
million was transferred from the broker-dealer to a Swiss bank account
controlled by Clarke, who, in turn, transferred at least $6.5 million to a Swiss
bank account controlled by Lujan. Lujan then allegedly transferred at least $1.5
million of these proceeds to a Swiss bank account controlled by Gonzalez.

Lujan was charged with one count each of conspiracy to violate the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA), violation of the FCPA, conspiracy to violate the
Travel Act, and violation of the Travel Act, which each carry a maximum penalty
of five years in prison. He is also charged with conspiracy to commit money
laundering and money laundering, which each carry a maximum penalty of 20 years
in prison.

This ongoing investigation is being conducted by the FBI, with assistance from
the SEC and the Justice Department's Office of International Affairs. Assistant
Chief James Koukios and Trial Attorneys Maria Gonzalez Calvet and Aisling O'Shea
of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Harry A.
Chernoff and Jason H. Cowley of the Southern District of New York's Securities
and Commodities Fraud Task Force are in charge of the prosecution.

For more information aplease visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             126 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

New York Doctor Sentenced To 37 Months In Prison For Taking Bribes In
Test-Referral Scheme With New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 613  words


NEWARK, N.J.  A doctor who admitted taking bribes in connection with a
long-running and elaborate test referral scheme operated by Biodiagnostic
Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and
numerous associates was sentenced today to 37 months in prison, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Bret Ostrager, 51, of Woodbury, New York, a doctor with practices in Nassau
County, New York, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Stanley
R. Chesler to Counts One, Two and Five of an indictment charging him with
conspiracy to violate the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Federal Travel Act by
accepting bribes, one substantive violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute, and
one substantive violation of the Federal Travel Act. Judge Chesler imposed the
sentence today in Newark federal court.

Ostrager is one of 39 people  26 of them doctors  who have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. It is believed to
be the largest number of medical professionals ever prosecuted in a bribery
case. The investigation has to date recovered more than $12 million through
forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Ostrager admitted that, between February 2011 and April 2013, he received
monthly cash bribes of approximately $3,300 from BLS employees and associates.
He periodically solicited and received from the BLS employees and associates
tickets and meals that cost thousands of dollars. These additional bribes in
response to specific requests from Ostrager included tickets to a New York Mets
baseball game, a New York Knicks basketball game, a Katy Perry concert, a Justin
Bieber concert, and the Broadway show Newsies. In exchange, Ostrager referred
patient blood samples to BLS. Ostragers referrals generated approximately
$909,000 in lab business for BLS.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Ostrager to one year of
supervised release, fined him $30,000 and ordered forfeiture of $101,271.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Acting Inspector in Charge Cynthia
Shoffner; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector
General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; and
IRSCriminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Jonathan D. Larsen, with the ongoing investigation leading to todays sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish,
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorneys
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the offices Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorneys Office shortly after taking office, including creating
a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $1.29 billion in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel: Marc Agnifilo Esq., New York 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             127 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Washington: New York Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with
New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with a practice in Rockville Centre, New York, today admitted accepting
bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate
scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany,
New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Brett Halper, 41, of Glen Head, New York, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Halper, 38 people--26 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.5 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Halper admitted that from January 2011 through April 2013, he accepted bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was often paid in excess
of $5,000 per month. Halper's referrals generated approximately $2,900,000 in
lab business for BLS.

The bribery count to which Halper pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
June 30, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             128 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

TALES FROM THE TAPE (chart graphic)

BYLINE: and

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 665 words


Malcolm in the middle of money tree

US Attorney Preet Bharara yesterday unveiled this who's-who chart of corruption
as he detailed a 28-page criminal complaint charging Democratic state Sen.
Malcolm Smith, GOP City Councilman Dan Halloran and four others with a slew of
charges in a scheme that stretched from New York City to Rockland County and
Albany.

Smith and Halloran conspired to pay tens of thousands of dollars in bribes to
powerful GOP party bosses in Queens and The Bronx so they would back Smith in
his bid to run for mayor as a Republican, even though he's a longtime Democrat,
the feds say.

* Spring Valley Project Sale of Land

* Malcolm Smith (D) New York State Senator

n Republican Party backing to appear on primary ballot for NYC Mayor

* Joseph Savino (R) Bronx Republican Party Chairman

n $15,000 cash bribes

* Noramie Jasmin (D) Spring Valley Mayor

n Hidden interest in project

* Joseph Desmaret (D) Spring Valley Deputy Mayor

n $10,500 cash bribes

* FBI Undercover Agent

n $500,000 NYS transportation funds

n Promised up to $80,000 NYC discretionary funds

* Cooperating Witness

n $500,000 NYS transportation funds

n Promised up to $80,000 NYC discretionary funds

* Vincent Tabone (R) Queens Republican Party Vice Chairman

n $25,000 cash bribes

* Daniel Halloran (R) New York City Councilman

n $20,500 cash bribes for access

n $18,300 cash bribes for official act

n $6,500 straw donor contributions

---

'That's politics, that's politics. It's all about how much, not about whether or
will, it's about how much, and that's our politicians in New York, they're all
like that, all like that. You can't get anything without the f--king money.'
-Councilman Dan Halloran on wiretap

'You know, I sit on the Mental Health Committee with the council ... You know, I
fund QSAC, which is an autism program in, in my district. Those are things that
we can definitely, those are places we could work.' -Halloran talking about a
patronage position

'[He'd] have to stand on the Empire State Building and drop every person [he
had] endorsed and hold Malcolm up and say, 'He's the best thing since sliced
bread. Matter of fact, he's better than sliced bread.' -State Sen. Malcolm
Smith, when asked what his GOP alleged co-conspirators would have to do to get
"even a nickel more" after an up-front payment

'You pull this off, you can have the house. I'll be a tenant.'

-Smith to the informant

'When you screw somebody over money like that, you know, that's the worst ...
You're looking over your shoulder all the rest of your life ... I got them
already asking me about judgeships, because, you know, judgeships now come
through here, it comes through the governor.' -Smith, on the chance the GOP
bosses would take the money but not provide an endorsement

'You do it the right way, not a problem, then you will definitely have my, my
member item.' -Republican political consultant John McLaughlin

'The one that I like I'm going to pick. So if I like yours, I pick you ... If I
don't like it, you can stick [it] where the sun doesn't shine.' -Spring Valley
Mayor Noramie Jasmin to the informant

'Absolutely, that's easy, that's not even an issue, not even an issue . . . In
fact, I might even be able to get you more.' -Halloran, on getting $20,000 from
city discretionary fund

'Look, talk to me before you close it. But it's worth it. Because you knowhow
big a deal it is.' -Smith

'If you can change him, call me. Seriously ... if you can change him, that would
be huge. You pull this off, you can have the house . . . I'll be the tenant.'
-Smith, to a confidential informant about changing a party boss' endorsement

'I want him done. I want him done. I want him to say, 'You know what, Malcolm,
we did make a commitment to you early on . . . We're going back to that.' That's
what I want him to do. This is a big thing.' -Smith, when asked about bribing a
GOP party boss for his endorsement

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             129 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                             August 16, 2013 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Businessman guilty of bribing Indian officials; Nazir Karigar first person
convicted under foreign anti-corruption law

BYLINE: Chloé Fedio, Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 768 words


A Canadian businessman "targeted" prominent Indian officials with $450,000 US in
bribes in a failed bid-rigging plot to win an airline security contract, an
Ottawa judge ruled Thursday.

Indian-born Nazir Karigar is the first person convicted under Canada's foreign
anticorruption law for his role in a conspiracy to bribe officials - including
an Indian cabinet minister - between June 2005 and January 2008.

The conviction can carry a sentence of up to 14 years in prison.

Three prior convictions under the Corruption of Foreign Public Officials Act,
which came into effect in 1999, were made against corporations, not individuals,
after guilty pleas.

Karigar worked for the Ottawa security company CryptoMetrics in its bid to sell
a facial recognition system to Air India, an airline owned and controlled by the
Government of India. CryptoMetrics also operates out of the United States and an
office was set up in Mumbai, India, during the bid-rigging conspiracy, court
heard.

At the outset of Karigar's trial in Sept. 2012, the 65-yearold pleaded not
guilty to the corruption charge.

But on Thursday, Justice Charles Hackland came to the "inescapable conclusion"
that Karigar was "an active and knowledgeable part of a conspiracy to offer
bribes."

He organized a $200,000 US bribe for the co-chair of the selection committee for
the Air India security project and a $250,000 US bribe for then-minister of
civil aviation Praful Patel.

Karigar's defence team argued that there was no evidence that a bribe was
actually offered or paid.

Hackland agreed, but ruled Karigar was still guilty because he entered into a
conspiracy to do so.

"Moreover, to require proof of the offer of or the receipt of a bribe and the
identity of a particular recipient would require evidence from a foreign
jurisdiction, possibly putting foreign nationals at risk, and would make the
legislation difficult, if not impossible, to enforce and possibly offend
international comity," Hackland said.

Email chains and money transfers from CryptoMetrics USA to Karigar's bank
account provide "strong circumstantial evidence" of bribery, he said.

CryptoMetrics USA had entered into a letter of agreement with Karigar in March
2007 that it would provide $250,000 "to secure the Air India contract." The
money was expected to be returned if the contract was not secured.

In May 2007, Karigar told a Canadian trade commissioner in Mumbai that he had
paid a bribe to Patel and that "we do know he received the money," court heard.

After Karigar had a falling out with his American co-conspirators, CryptoMetrics
USA launched a lawsuit in the U.S. to "recover the last bribery advance of
$250,000," Hackland said.

Meanwhile, Karigar emailed the fraud section of the U.S. Department of Justice
to report that the chief executive officer and the chief operating officer of
CryptoMetrics USA were involved in an Air India bribery scheme.

Under the alias "Buddy," Karigar wrote in a January 2008 email that $200,000 was
paid to ensure only two companies were qualified to tender bids and that
$250,000 was paid "for the minister to bless the system."

The final line of the email read, "What about my immunity?" Karigar admitted to
RCMP that he was Buddy.

The Crown's case relief heavily on the testimony of Robert Bell, a
co-conspirator "intimately involved in virtually the entire course of events,"
Hackland said.

Bell, a vice-president at CryptoMetrics Canada, was offered immunity from
prosecution for his co-operation. Hackland accepted Bell's evidence, which was
given "in a careful and understated manner."

Bell testified that Karigar approached him in June 2005 with information that
Air India wanted technology to battle passenger identification fraud. Karigar
identified himself as the president of a firm called IPCON that had done
business in India and had "good contacts" within Air India.

CryptoMetrics Canada received inside information about the requirements of the
contract, including a copy of the draft tender months before it was officially
issued by Air India. Bell testified that it wasn't until April 2006 that bribes
were discussed with him.

After the CryptoMetrics team submitted a proposal in June 2006, the same group
developed a second bid at a higher price under the name IPCON, Karigar's firm.

"This was designed to give the false impression that there existed a competitive
bidding situation," Hackland said.

Karigar's lawyers, Israel Gencher and Martin Reesink, refused to comment on the
decision until after sentencing, which has yet to be scheduled.

"Obviously, we're disappointed," Gencher said.

cfedio@ottawacitizen.com twitter.com/cfedio

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mike Carroccetto, Ottawa Citizen; Nazir Karigar, flanked by lawyers
Martin Reesink, left, and Israel Gencher, right, leaves the Elgin Street
courthouse after he was convicted Thursday under Canada's foreign
anti-corruption law for conspiring to bribe officials in India.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2013 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                             130 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

New York Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 475  words


A doctor with a practice in Rockville Centre, New York, today admitted accepting
bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate
scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany,
New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.


Brett Halper, 41, of Glen Head, New York, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.
Including Halper, 38 people-26 of them doctors-have pleaded guilty in connection
with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved millions of
dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments to BLS from
Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation has so far
recovered more than $10.5 million to date through forfeiture.
According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:
Halper admitted that from January 2011 through April 2013, he accepted bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was often paid in excess
of $5,000 per month. Halper's referrals generated approximately $2,900,000 in
lab business for BLS.
The bribery count to which Halper pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
June 30, 2015.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.
The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             131 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 13, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Not So Simple to Blow the Whistle on Those Who Seek Bribes

SECTION: Section A; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 500 words


To the Editor:

Mayor Koch's proposal, stemming from the New York City Health Department bribe
scandal, that legislation be enacted making it a crime for the person solicited
for a bribe to fail to report such solicitation, is unsound (news story, March
30). The Mayor suffers from naivete if he is saying, just stand up and blow the
whistle. I don't think he knows much about how the system can operate.

The businessman solicited for a bribe by a dishonest government employee is the
victim of a crime and needs protection. Another layer of rules that a dishonest
government can use to threaten and abuse with claims of ''You have violated the
law'' will permit more corruption, rather than cure the abuses. Too often if
bribe solicitation is taking place at the investigator or inspector level,
supervisory personnel, reaching into high levels in such departments, are
involved. In such cases, attempting to report the solicitation can be fraught
with real risk of retaliation as the department seeks to cover up.

During the course of a New York State Department of Labor investigation of our
restaurant's longstanding policy of tip sharing among kitchen and dining-room
employees (a management technique that helped create a teamwork relationship in
our organization), we were approached by a department investigator who ''thought
he might be of help in settling our case.'' He had a little business on the side
selling coffee to restaurants! He offered to sell us coffee at $15 a pound. He
suggested the first order be for 100 pounds.

At a department conference a few days later, our lawyer reported the
solicitation. The supervisor responded that such side businesses were allowed.
Rather than thanking us for reporting the matter, the hearing officer closed
ranks with his buddies, refused to listen to our case and indicated he would
find against us. Soon the same agency invented a second violation and gladly
made all files relating to the supposed violations -which they now termed
''misappropriation,'' to make it appear my husband was stealing money from our
own waiters - available to the press, where the accusations of impropriety were
retold in full color with photos.

After I reported the matter to the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the
department was apparently embarrassed into suspending - not dismissing or
prosecuting - the investigator-coffee salesman. Nobody asked for my testimony or
invited me to appear at the hearings. Nobody told me about the suspension. I
found out about it by chance when I was reviewing the file for our appeals. Not
only did I not get a thank you - I got a kick in the abdomen. I now have what
seems to be a never-ending battle with this department. They are mad at me for
turning in one of their guys.

I suggest the Mayor continue to direct the attention of the criminal justice
system at the criminals. Don't go after the victims.

SUSAN WINE
New York, April 4, 1988
  The writer is co-owner of the Quilted Giraffe restaurant.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             132 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 1, 1991, Monday

A bribe is a bribe is a bribe'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; SECTION A; PAGE 12

LENGTH: 300 words


The billboard industry's donation of $ 700,000 worth of free billboard space to
the state Department of Transportation's anti-litter campaign calls to mind
Georgia Supreme Court Justice Charles Weltner's dictum: "A bribe is a bribe is a
bribe."

Justice Weltner was talking about shady election campaign contributions, but his
statement holds for the billboard industry's generous donation as well.

No matter the intention, the appearance of corruption looms large when a private
interest presents a lavish gift to a public agency or officeholder - especially
when the gift-giver is regulated by the recipient, as is the billboard industry
by the transportation department. Imagine the hue and cry if the Public Service
Commission were to accept a sizable donation from Georgia Power.

Next month the transportation policy board will rule on whether or not billboard
businesses can trim and remove trees on public property that obscure their
advertising displays. The issue has been hotly debated.

Environmentalists protest the degradation of public property for the sake of
private profit. The only ones to benefit from the tree-cutting will be the
billboard owners and their customers. And federal policy deplores tree-cutting
to improve billboard viewing.

Billboard owners, of course, disagree, contending that sign improvement will
affect fewer than 1 percent of trees along state highways. Furthermore, the
industry claims that billboards generate considerable business and tax revenues.

Both sides make compelling cases, but that's irrelevant now. In view of the
billboard industry's $ 700,000 donation to the Department of Transportation, who
will believe that a DOT ruling in favor of the billboard industry is based on
the merits of the industry's argument?

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             133 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 6, 2013 Tuesday

Highway 'bribery' Busted lawyer's 'free offer' to cops

BYLINE: Natasha Velez and Jamie Schram

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 249 words


Here's some free legal advice for this "knucklehead" city tax lawyer: Don't
bribe cops!

BMW-driving attorney John Todorovich was busted for driving with a suspended
license in Brooklyn last Thursday - then allegedly tried to bribe cops into
letting him go by offering their entire precinct free legal tax and real-estate
advice, law-enforcement sources said yesterday.

"He had to bribe the officer, then he had to bribe the officer and a sergeant,
then he had to repeat the bribe to the cop with [the Internal Affairs Bureau]
recording it. What a knucklehead," said one police source of Todorovich, 60.

The tax and real-estate lawyer, who works in Times Square and lives in
Westchester, was pulled over in Bushwick by Officer Joseph Curto, when he
noticed Todorovich's inspection sticker was expired, sources said.

Curto discovered that Todorovich's license had been suspended eight times and
was currently revoked, the sources said.

Todorovich was hauled into the 83rd Precinct station house in Bushwick, where he
allegedly told Curto he was a lawyer and if Curto dropped "all the charges
against him, he would provide free legal services to the officer and the other
officers at the 83rd Precinct," a law-enforcement source said.

Todorovich was caught on tape repeating the bribe, sources said.

The suspect's own lawyer, Don Savatta, denied that any bribe was offered.

"The tape's going to show that this is absolutely ridiculous," he told The Post.

natasha.velez@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: John Todorovich Hangdog mug shot.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             134 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 12, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

10 AIDES CHARGED IN EXTORTION CASE

BYLINE: By MICHAEL GOODWIN

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 928 words


Ten New York City water and sewer inspectors were charged yesterday with taking
bribes for certifying work on private homes and other buildings without properly
inspecting them.

The inspectors were accused by Federal and city officials of taking bribes of
between $5 and $20 on 52 occasions from a private contractor who was cooperating
with investigators.

The 10, who are among the 25 inspectors in the water and sewer divisions of the
Department of Environmental Protection, were the only ones investigated and were
picked at random, according to city officials. The officials said none of the 10
had refused a bribe during the yearlong inquiry.



No Health Danger Seen

Some had taken bribes for up to 10 years, according to papers filed in Federal
District Court in Manhattan, where the inspectors were each charged with up to
27 felony counts of extortion and mail fraud.

The charges specify that the workers accepted the bribes primarily for failing
to peform proper inspections of work on private homes that were being hooked up
to city water and sewer lines in all boroughs except Staten Island.

Officials stressed that they did not believe that health dangers had resulted
from the work that was not checked. They said, however, that some shoddy work
that had been overlooked could mean higher maintenance and repair costs for
homeowners faced with leaking water pipes and clogged and broken sewer systems.

The charges come a month after 14 city electrical inspectors were arrested and
accused of similiar crimes. Mayor Koch, flanked by other officials yesterday at
a City Hall news conference where the announcement of the new charges was made,
expressed his unhappiness at the large number of inspectors charged with
corruption.

He said other, unspecified investigations were under way, and added, ''For too
long, apparently, some inspectors have used the opportunities provided by their
one-to-one contact with the public to enrich themselves rather than do their
jobs.''

He pounded his lectern and his face and neck reddened as he said: ''When you
violate the public trust, you should have the book thrown at you. And I also
think those dogs who offered money to our inspectors should go to jail as
well.''

To deal with the problem of corruption among inspectors, the Mayor said he had
ordered all city agencies to perform spot checks of inspections in the last year
to make sure the work had been properly done. The results will be sent to the
Department of Investigation, he said. Tom Kelly, a spokesman for Mr. Koch, said
the Mayor's order covered about 2,000 inspectors in 11 agencies, including the
Fire, Health and Buildings Departments.

Bribery among inspectors has been a ''traditional'' problem, the Mayor said, as
has the policy of focusing investigations and arrests on the employees who take
the bribes instead of those who pay the bribes.

No Decision on Contractor


Patrick W. McGinley, the Investigation Commissioner, said he expected to be back
at City Hall in a matter of weeks to announce the arrests of private contractors
who pay bribes.

Mr. McGinley said, however, that he had not decided whether to charge the
private contractor involved with the 10 inspectors. In response to a question,
he said the contractor had agreed to cooperate with the investigation after
being caught paying a bribe. He declined to name the contractor.

The 10 inspectors charged yesterday were singled out for investigation by ''pure
happenstance,'' Mr. McGinley said. They included 4 of the 7 sewer inspectors in
the agency and 6 of the 18 water inspectors. Mr. Koch said he believed that most
inspectors were honest.

The inspectors, some of whom have up to 32 years of city service, earn about
$25,000 a year.

Nine of the 10 were arrested yesterday in early morning raids on their homes,
according to Rachel Gordon, an aide to Mr. McGinley. The 10th is in the hospital
and will be arrested, she said. All were arraigned and released on a variety of
conditions, she said, with some released on their own recognizance and others
after posting bonds of up to $50,000. All pleaded not guilty.

Federal Statutes Used


Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, who was also present for the announcement, said the inspectors had been
charged under Federal statues because the crimes crossed county lines, making
prosecution easier.

The Mayor said longer jail terms could be imposed under Federal law than under
state law, and he coupled that remark with criticims of unspecified state judges
who had imposed weekend sentences on individuals in a separate corruption case.

The 10 inspectors, who face maximum penalties of 20 years in prison and fines of
$10,000 for the extortion charges alone, are: Nandlal Jethani, 46 years old, of
Williston Park, L.I. Vincent Careccia, 56, of Farmingdale, L.I. Lawrence O'Mara,
55, of Hicksville, L.I. Nick DeLuca, 62, of Staten Island. Eugene Beck, 62, of
Hauppauge, L.I. Salvatore Gesuele, 50, of Brooklyn. Ralph Bortugno, 25, of the
Bronx. Frank Bortugno Jr., 27, of the Bronx. Rene Morales, 38, of the Bronx.
Jack Schillizzi, 62, of the Bronx. Attempts to reach them were unsuccessful,
with family members in several cases refusing to answer questions.

All but Mr. Schillizzi have been arrested. His wife, Margaret, said he was
recovering from a coronary bypass operation. She said she had not been aware of
the charges filed against her husband until a reporter called the family home at
4 P.M. yesterday.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             135 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 3, 2015 Monday

Trinidad MP charged by US with four fraud and bribery schemes

BYLINE: Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1484 words


Aug. 03--PORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad -- The detailed extradition case from the
United States now before the courts in Trinidad and Tobago reveals four schemes
of fraud and bribery against local politician Jack Warner, who was indicted in
New York on May 27 on multiple counts of racketeering, corruption and money
laundering.

The documentary evidence sent to the authorities in Port of Spain, which forms
part of the US Department of Justice's case against Warner, a former Fédération
Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) vice president, details how he
allegedly abused his position and power as an executive of FIFA and other
related bodies.

After being arrested in Trinidad at the request of the US, Warner is currently
free on $2.5 million bail (US$397,000) pending extradition to the US to face
charges in connection with the alleged US$150 million bribery scheme that
spanned 24 years.

The 47-count indictment alleges that, between 1991 and the present, the
defendants and their co-conspirators corrupted football's governing body by
engaging in various criminal activities, including fraud, bribery and money
laundering.

US authorities allege that Warner committed violations of wire fraud, money
laundering and Travel Act statutes in four separate schemes:

Sale of CONCACAF television and marketing rights

(1) As part of his participation in the racketeering conspiracy, Warner agreed
that he/and/or others would commit violations of the wire fraud, money
laundering and Travel Act statutes in connection with the sale of television and
marketing rights to the Confederation of North, Central America and Caribbean
Association Football (CONCACAF) Gold Cup tournament.

In connection with this scheme, Warner and the then-serving general secretary of
CONCACAF, American Chuck Blazer, agreed to accept bribes from executives of the
Traffic Group, a global sports-marketing company, and Inter Forever Sports, a
Miami, Florida-based affiliate of the Traffic Group, including Jose Hawilla, a
Brazilian sports marketing executive.

Warner and Blazer agreed to accept the bribes in return for selling the media
and marketing rights to the Gold Cup, which were owned by CONCACAF, to
Inter/Forever Sports.

In accepting the bribes, which were not disclosed to FIFA or CONCACAF, Warner
deprived those entities and their constituent organisations of their right to
his honest service which he owed them, respectively, especially as a member of
the FIFA executive committee and CONCACAF's president.

In furtherance of the scheme, Warner, Blazer and others used the wire facilities
of the US to transmit payments, including bribe payments from bank accounts in
the US to accounts held by Warner and Blazer outside of the US.

Sale of World Cup qualifier media and marketing rights

(2) As part of his participation in the racketeering conspiracy, Warner agreed
that he and/or others would commit violations of the wire fraud, Travel Act and
money laundering statutes in connection with the sale of the media and marketing
rights to World Cup qualifier matches played by Caribbean Football Union (CFU)
teams in advance of multiple editions of the World Cup.

As president of the CFU, Warner conducted negotiations for the sale of the
rights held by all CFU member associations, on behalf of CFU, with Traffic USA
executives in Miami, Florida.

In connection with this scheme, Warner directed executives of Traffic USA to
create two sets of contracts.

One contract purported to be between Traffic USA and CFU for the sale of the
rights owned by CFU members, including the Trinidad and Tobago Football
Federation (TTFF).

The other purported to be a contract between Traffic USA and TTFF, alone, for
the sale of the same TTFF rights included in the first contract.

Rather than paying the full value of CFU's contract to CFU and its member
associations, Traffic USA executives, at Warner's request, diverted a
substantial portion of that value to an account controlled by Warner,
purportedly as payment on Traffic USA's contract with TTFF.

Warner concealed the existence of the TTFF contract, as well as payments made by
Traffic USA pursuant to that contract, from the CFU member federation.

Warner, CW3 and others used the wire facilities of the US to effectuate this
scheme to defraud the CFU member associations (including those of Puerto Rico
and the US Virgin Islands), by transmitting funds in furtherance of this scheme
from banks in the US to banks outside of the US.

The funds, which were transferred with the intent of promoting the carrying on
of this unlawful scheme, were sent by wire transfer from a Traffic USA account
at a bank in the US to an account at a bank in Trinidad and Tobago.

Funds from the account in Trinidad were periodically transferred into another
account held in Warner's name.

Award of 2010 World Cup

(3) As part of his participation in the racketeering conspiracy, Warner agreed
that he and/or others would commit violations of the wire fraud, money
laundering and Travel Act statutes in connection with the selection of the host
nation for the 2010 World Cup.

In connection with this scheme, Warner agreed to accept a $10 million bribe in
exchange for the agreement of Warner, Blazer and another CONCACAF official to
cast their votes as members of the FIFA executive committee for South Africa to
be the host nation for the 2010 World Cup.

In accepting the bribe, which was not disclosed to FIFA or CONCACAF, Warner
deprived those entities and their constituent organisations of their rights to
his honest services, which he owed them respectively, as a vice-president on the
FIFA executive committee and as CONCACAF's president.

In furtherance of the scheme, Warner, Blazer and others used the wire facilities
of the US to, among other things, transmit bribe payments from bank accounts
outside of the US to accounts inside the US.

2011 FIFA presidential election

(4) As part of his participation in the racketeering conspiracy, Warner agreed
that he and/or others would commit violations of the wire fraud, money
laundering and Travel Act statutes in connection with the 2011 FIFA presidential
election.

In connection with this scheme, Warner agreed to facilitate bribes by a FIFA
official and a candidate for the office of FIFA president in 2011, to
representatives of the CFU member associations.

The bribes were distributed at the direction of Warner at a meeting in May 2011
held in Trinidad and Tobago.

In agreeing to facilitate the bribes, Warner schemed to deprive FIFA, CONCACAF,
CFU and their constituent organisations of their rights to honest services.

Warner used the wire facilities of the US, including e-mail, in furtherance of
this scheme, in violation of the wire fraud statute.

The scheme also contemplated the transport of bribe payments from Trinidad and
Tobago into the US in violation of the money laundering and Travel Act statutes.

Guilty Pleas

Warner's sons, Daryll and Daryan Warner, have already pleaded guilty to US
corruption charges in exchange for reduced jail time.

Daryll Warner waived indictment on July 15, 2013, and pleaded guilty to a
two-count information charging him with wire fraud and the structuring of
financial transactions.

Three months later, on October 25, 2013, Daryan Warner also waived indictment
and pleaded guilty to a three-count information charging him with wire fraud
conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy and the structuring of financial
transactions.

Daryan Warner forfeited over $1.1 million around the time of his plea and has
agreed to pay a second forfeiture money judgment at the time of sentencing.

The Warner brothers were among a group of individuals who previously pleaded
guilty under seal.

Other Defendants

On November 25, 2013, Charles Blazer, the former CONCACAF general secretary and
a former FIFA executive committee member, waived indictment and pleaded guilty
to a ten-count information charging him with racketeering conspiracy, wire fraud
conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy, income tax evasion and failure to file
a Report of Foreign Bank and Financial Accounts (FBAR). Blazer forfeited over
$1.9 million at the time of his plea and has agreed to pay a second amount to be
determined at the time of sentencing.

On December 12, 2014, José Hawilla, the owner and founder of the Traffic Group,
a Brazilian sports marketing conglomerate, waived indictment and pleaded guilty
to a four-count information charging him with racketeering conspiracy, wire
fraud conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy and obstruction of justice.
Hawilla also agreed to forfeit over $151 million, $25 million of which was paid
at the time of his plea.

On May 14, 2015, Traffic Sports USA Inc and Traffic Sports International Inc
pleaded guilty to wire fraud conspiracy.

___ (c)2015 the Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) Visit the
Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) at www.caribbeannewsnow.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150803-1CN-Trinidad-MP-charged-by-US-with-four-fraud-and-bribery-schemes-0803-
20150803

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CN


        Copyright 2015 Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands


                             136 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Turn over files, judge tells Wal-Mart; bribery claims

BYLINE: Jef Feeley, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP9

LENGTH: 410 words


Wal-Mart Stores Inc. officials must turn over more internal files on what
directors knew about claims that executives handed out bribes to facilitate
Mexican real estate deals, a judge ruled.

The world's largest retailer must provide documents about how officials set up
the investigation of the Mexican bribery allegations and some files the company
argued were covered by the attorney-client privilege, delaware Chancery Court
Judge Leo Strine ruled Monday in Wilmington.

Investors are seeking the files as part of suits over claims that Wal-Mart
directors didn't properly oversee company operations. Wal-Mart "can't sanitize
its response" to shareholders' requests for documents about the board's handling
of the bribery claims, Judge Strine said at a hearing. U.S. and Mexican
prosecutors said last year they are investigating the bribery allegations first
reported by The New York Times.

The newspaper said an executive of Wal-Mart's Mexican unit alerted company
officials in 2005 about bribes paid to facilitate construction of new stores and
warehouses.

At least US$24-million in "suspect payments" were made, the Times said, citing
internal files. It also said Wal-Mart executives in the U.S. and Mexico limited
the company's investigation into the bribery scheme.

Internal documents showed Wal-Mart's Mexican unit used a state governor in
Mexico to facilitate US$156,000 in bribes, Bloomberg News reported this year.

The files were released by democratic representatives Henry Waxman of California
and elijah Cummings of Maryland, who are investigating the allegations.

Wal-Mart officials lost a bid last week to bar Stuart Grant, a lawyer for
shareholders, from using the publicly disclosed documents as part of his bid to
force Wal-Mart to produce more bribe-related documents.

The suing funds include the California State Teachers' Retirement System, the
New york City employees' Retirement System and the Indiana electrical Workers
Pension Trust Fund. Investors contend Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Ark, is
hiding emails and other relevant documents about the Mexican bribery allegations
to protect directors, Mr. Grant said today.

"They are hiding the ball," Mr. Grant said.

Investors want the documents to probe whether directors "engaged in a cover up"
of the bribes, the lawyer said.

Lawyers for Wal-Mart's board said it's turned over all relevant documents about
directors' knowledge of bribes and shouldn't have to go back and search for more
files.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Josh Haner, The New York Times; The New York Times has reported that
Wal-Mart made at least US$24-million in "suspect payments" in Mexico.; Robyn
Beck,  AFP, Getty Images;  Wal-Mart is being investigated over claims that its
employees in Mexico bribed local officials to facilitate construction of new
stores and warehouses.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             137 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 3, 2015 Wednesday

Two New York Doctors Sentenced to Prison for Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals
Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 553  words


NEWARK, NJ-Two doctors with a practice in New York were each sentenced today to
20 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part
of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.


Richard Goldberg, 65, of Weston, Connecticut, and Gary Leeds, 61, of Greenwich,
Connecticut, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Stanley R.
Chesler to one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed both sentences
today in Newark federal court.
Including Goldberg and Leeds, 38 people-26 of them doctors-have pleaded guilty
in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted
involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in
payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The
investigation has so far recovered more than $11 million to date through
forfeiture.
According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court: Goldberg and Leeds admitted to accepting thousands of dollars per month
in cash between September 2010 and April 2013 in return for referring patient
blood specimens to BLS. The pair acknowledged they each accepted more than
$100,000 in cash from BLS in exchange for referring at least a combined $1.8
million in lab business from their joint practice, Family Medical Group of
Manhattan.
In addition to the prison terms, Judge Chesler sentenced Goldberg to serve three
years of supervised release and ordered him to pay a $5,000 fine. Leeds was also
sentenced to one year of supervised release and ordered to pay a $15,000 fine.
Goldberg and Leeds must each forfeit $108,000.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.
The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven;
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish; Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark; and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.  U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care
fraud practice at the New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking
office, including creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit
to handle both criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care
fraud offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in
health care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines,
restitution and forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act and other statutes.
Defense counsel:
Goldberg: Aidan P. O'Connor Esq., Hackensack, New Jersey. Leeds: E. Scott
Morvillo Esq., New York 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             138 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               MortgageDaily.com

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

Bankers Bribed in Secondary Marketing Scheme

BYLINE: Mortgage Daily

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 396 words


Oct. 10--A case out of Southern California involves bribes to bankers at
JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., and other financial institutions in the sale of
second mortgage notes.

The scheme was used in the trading of mortgages, many of which were
non-performing or distressed second mortgages, according to the Department of
Justice.

In addition to Chase, the defendants allegedly paid bribes to insiders at GMAC
Mortgage LLC and National City Bank.

With the bribes in hand, the bank insiders corrupted the bidding process by
altering, rejecting and erasing or ignoring qualified competing bids.

In addition, the bankers gave the defendants confidential information about
prices and competing bids.

Among the defendants is Israel Hechter, who owned Ocean 18 LLC and Note Tracker
Corp., a pair of mortgage investment firms operating from San Diego.

Hechter, who had been struggling to get his bids accepted prior to the
conspiracy, admitted last month that he paid $1 million in bribes.

Also pleading guilty were Hechter's brother, Amir, and Jack Prober, who both
admitted writing personal checks to the bankers in order to help them evade
income taxes.

Hechter's father, Zeev, admitted delivering $330,000 in cash to Robert Moreno, a
banker who sold mortgages on behalf of GMAC. Moreno also pled guilty. The
payments were made in 2012.

Moreno collected the bribes right on the streets of New York and at Israel
Hechter's car wash, which the government claims was used to launder money. Tens
of thousands of dollars in cash were handed to Moreno in bags.

The bribes were disguised as legitimate commissions unrelated to the bankers'
positions at the banks. Hechter and Moreno set up a bank account, a bogus
consulting agreement and a business, Phoenix Asset & Acquisition Inc., to
launder the bribe money. Moreno copied the agreement to use with other bidders
-- collecting over $500,000 from them.

In all, Moreno collected more than $1 million from Hechter and his associates,
according to the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of California. He also
accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes from another Southern
California customer and traveled the country taking cash bribes from other
parties..

All of the guilty defendants are scheduled for sentencing in January.

___ (c)2014 Mortgage Daily Visit Mortgage Daily at www.mortgagedaily.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141010-1MG-Bankers-Bribed-in-Secondary-Marketing-Scheme-1010-20141010

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1MG


                                 Copyright 2014


                             139 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Daily Press - Victorville (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 31, 2013 Tuesday

Bribery charges return in Colonies scandal

BYLINE: Shea Johnson, Daily Press, Victorville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Dec. 31--SAN FRANCISCO -- A recent decision by California's highest judiciary
says an appellate court erred when it upheld a dismissal of bribery charges
against two alleged players in the far-reaching Colonies corruption case.

The ruling by the state Supreme Court on Dec. 23 returns charges of aiding and
abetting the receipt of bribes against Colonies developer Jeff Burum and former
San Bernardino County Assistant Assessor Jim Erwin to an appellate court for
further review.

The matter revolves around a 2006 supervisors-approved settlement of $102
million to Colonies Partners LP, a Rancho Cucamonga-based firm that sued the
county four years prior over flood control easements on a 434-acre housing and
commercial project in Upland.

A grand jury 29-count indictment from May 2011 alleges that Burum, on behalf of
Colonies, concocted a scheme to obtain a settlement "through corrupt means: a
combination of threats, extortion, bribery and inducements to secure votes for a
favorable termination of the litigation from the five-member Board of
Supervisors," according to background provided in the state Supreme Court's
decision.

The indictment says Burum was the payer of $400,000 worth of bribes to political
action committees controlled by Erwin, former supervisors Paul Biane and Bill
Postmus, and Mark Kirk, former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

The indictment also says Erwin acted as Burum's agent.

Postmus has since pleaded guilty; Burum, Erwin, Biane and Kirk have pleaded not
guilty. The charges include bribery, conspiracy and tax evasion.

After a county court dismissed some of the counts against Burum and Erwin in
August 2011, a Riverside appellate court upheld the decision more than a year
later on the grounds that a payer of a bribe can not aid and abet the receipt of
the same bribe or conspire to commit that offense.

In last week's ruling, the state Supreme Court writes "the status of being the
offeror or payor of a bribe does not disqualify that person, as a matter of law,
from complicity in the offense of receiving the bribe."

The decision reverses a demurrer to four counts of bribery and related target
crimes for Burum and a demurrer of two of the bribery charges and related target
crimes for Erwin. A demurrer is a plea for dismissal on the grounds there is no
legal basis for a lawsuit even if facts alleged in a complaint are true.

In March, the county ended its attempt to recoup parts of the $102 million it
paid to Colonies from San Bernardino Associated Governments, Caltrans and the
city of Upland.

The county previously contended the agencies caused the problems -- specifically
with the design and construction of Highway 210 -- which led to the Colonies
lawsuit.

Shea Johnson may be reached at 760-955-5368 or SJohnson@VVDailyPress.com

___ (c)2013 the Daily Press (Victorville, Calif.) Visit the Daily Press
(Victorville, Calif.) at www.vvdailypress.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131231-VV-Bribery-charges-return-in-Colonies-scandal-1231-20131231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VV


                           Copyright 2013 Daily Press


                             140 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 25, 1980, Friday, Final Edition

Steel Firm Guilty in Fraud Case;
Fraud Plea Entered By Bethlehem Corp.;
Bethlehem Admits Scheme to Get Ship-Repair Deals

BYLINE: By Martha M. Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writer; Special
correspondent John Kennedy contributed to this report.

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 658 words


Bethlehem Steel Corp. pleaded guilty yesterday to an elaborate scheme in which
it padded nearly $2 million onto shipowners' bills to raise the money to win
lucrative repair contracts.

The scheme operated over a five-year period and funneled part of the money
through a phony Swiss corporation.

The giant Bethlehem corporation pleaded guilty to 10 felony counts of a criminal
information filed yesterday morning in U.S. District Court in New York.
Although the Justice Department acknowledged that it does not intend to charge
any officer, employe or agent of bethlehem in connection with the investigation,
the company itself could be liable for a $518,000 fine. w

Nothing in the papers filed in court yesterday precludes possible prosection of
individuals who accepted the bribes.  The Justice Department also held open the
possibility of subsequent criminal prosecution of individuals if additional
information arises.  It also said it may prosecute individuals involved in the
scheme for embezzlement or theft of funds from Bethlehem.

From 1972 to 1976, the company paid shipowners' representatives more than
$400,000 in bribes to throw ship-repair business to Bethlehem and to help
expedite payments.  Bethlehem has ship-repair yards in Baltimore; Beaumont,
Tex.; Boston; Hoboken, N.J.; San Francisco, and San Pedro, Calif.

Some of the bribe money was raised by adding commissions for Office pour le
Financement du Commerce et de l'Industrie S.A. (OFCI) of Clur, Switzerland,
which purportedly acted as Bethlehem's ship-repair sales agent.  The
commissions, ranging from 1.5 percent to 6.5 percent, were added into totals in
invoices sent to ship-owners.

Sometimes, apparently companies unwittingly financed bribes involving their own
ships, while other times the charges were added to other bills indiscriminately
to raise money.  The commission scheme raised $1.7 million, of which $1.5
million was left for the bribery fund after the expenses of operating OFCI were
deducted.

Another scheme, which operated out of the Baltimore shipyard, generated funds
for bribes by submission of false invoices for materials never received and
services never rendered, according to the criminal information filed in New
York.  The invoices were prepared, submitted and approved by Baltimore shipyard
and accounting personnel.

In some cases bribes were paid directly to shipowner representatives.  In
others, the money was smuggled in to the United States, Colombia or Venezuela to
be funneled to the bribed agent.

Bethlehem said yesterday that it had "accepted corporate responsibility" for the
unlawful payments.  The company also said that the conditions charged were
terminated by Bethlehem in 1976, and that a "substantial amount of funds
involved was recovered by Bethlehem at that time."

In January 1977, Bethlehem filed a related civil action in Philadelphia against
Clifford Wise and Thomas LaMonica, two former employes in its New York ship
repair sales office, to recover monies wrongfully obtained by them from
Bethlehem, according to corporate spokesman Henry VonSpreckelsen.

Bethlehem's attorney, Peter Fleming, entered the corporation's guilty plea,
waiving indictment.  The 10-count criminal information charged conspiracy,
violation of federal currency laws by smuggling $115,000 into the United States
from Switzerland, mail fraud and wire fraud in connection with the illegal
payments.

The conspiracy was carried out by various unnamed employes in the company's ship
repairs division and by other unnamed conspirators.

The information also alleged that the scheme involved illegal payments to
representatives of two foreign navies, which Bethlehem's attorney said the
company did not concede

The plea was accepted by Judge Robert W. Sweet, who set sentencing for Aug. 25.

Bethlehem said that, as part of its plea, the company agreed that a fine of
$200,000 "would not be inappropriate."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                             141 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      July 9, 1987, Thursday, City Edition

S&L bribe scheme detailed

BYLINE: JOHN D. McKINNON

SECTION: TAMPA; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 443 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - A former construction executive testified Wednesday that he    arranged
for his company to pay $ 6,000 in bribes to an official of    Tampa's Community
Federal Savings and Loan.

     Ralph Hansen of Pasco County described in federal court how he made    out
two checks totaling $ 6,000 in November 1984 to pay bribes to    Leonard
Garrett, Community Federal's managing officer.

     The bribes were paid to get special favors for Hansen's company,    Top Cat
Commercial Builders, and Community Federal, according to    testimony.

     Garrett, Hansen and his Top Cat partner, Joseph Coppola Jr., and    four
other businessmen have been charged with using the special    relationship to
defraud Community Federal in 1984 and 1985.

      The institution lost hundreds of thousands of dollars when Garrett
helped Top Cat officials and associates overdraw checking accounts and    divert
money intended for legitimate construction loans, according to    testimony.
Coppola and two other defendants served as members of the    savings and loan's
board of directors.

     Coppola, Hansen and a third man pleaded guilty to some of the    charges
earlier this year. They have agreed to cooperate with    prosecutors in the
trial of the remaining four defendants.

     The third man, Robert Bowes, testified earlier that he and Coppola
agreed at a meeting with Garrett to pay $ 160,000 in bribes. Garrett    said he
would split the bribes with the Rev. Leon Lowry, Community    Federal's
chairman, Bowes testified. About half the money was paid to    Garrett before
the scheme fell apart, Bowes said.

     Lowry, a venerable civil rights leader, has denied taking bribes.

 He has not been charged with any crime.

     Hansen echoed Bowes' account of the bribery scheme, although Hansen    was
not present at the meetings where prosecutors say the scheme was    set up.

     Hansen's testimony was the first to detail how some of the bribes    were
paid. As Top Cat's chief financial officer, Hansen said, he wrote    : the
checks using fictitious names as recipients. Then he endorsed the    checks
using the fictitious names and turned them over to Coppola for    cashing, he
said.

     Hansen also described paying other bribes and kickbacks - some as    high
as $ 25,000 to $ 30,000 - to companies that hired Top Cat for    construction
work.

     Hansen said Top Cat was willing to pay the bribes "because we    wanted the
contracts."



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA

                            Times Publishing Company


                             142 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former United States Navy Military Sealift Command Contractor Pleads
Guilty to Bribery and Conspiracy

LENGTH: 828  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Scott B. Miserendino, Sr., 55, a former contractor for the United States Navy
Military Sealift Command, pleaded guilty today to accepting bribes and
conspiring to commit bribery.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Special Agent in Charge
Susan Triesch of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Norfolk Field
Office, and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI Norfolk Field
Office made the announcement today after Miserendino entered his guilty plea
before U.S. Magistrate Judge Douglas E. Miller of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

According to a statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, Miserendino was
a government contractor at the Military Sealift Command, which is the leading
provider of transportation for the U.S. Navy. In that position, Miserendino
worked closely with Kenny E. Toy, the former Afloat Programs Manager for the N6
Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Systems Directorate. In
approximately November 2004, Miserendino and Toy initiated an extensive bribery
scheme that spanned five years, involved multiple coconspirators, including two
companies, and resulted in Miserendino and Toy receiving more than $265,000 in
cash bribes, among other things of value, in exchange for official assistance.

At his plea hearing, Miserendino admitted that he solicited and accepted regular
cash bribes, as well as other things of value, from two Chesapeake, Virginia
contracting companies, referred to as Company A and Company B in court
documents, in exchange for providing favorable treatment to those companies in
connection with U.S. government contract work. More specifically, Miserendino
admitted that he accepted $3,000 in cash bribes per month from various employees
at Company A, including co-conspirators Dwayne A. Hardman, Roderic J. Smith,
Michael P. McPhail, and Adam C. White. Miserendino also admitted that he, along
with Toy, accepted a cash bribe payment of $50,000 in May 2009, from Company B's
founders, Hardman and Timothy S. Miller.

In addition to the more than $265,000 in cash bribes, Miserendino also admitted
that he and Toy received other things of value, including flat screen
televisions, laptop computers, a vacation rental in Nags Head, North Carolina, a
football helmet signed by Troy Aikman, and softball bats.

According to plea documents, in exchange for the bribes, Miserendino and Toy
performed various official acts to assist Company A and Company B. Indeed,
during the conspiracy, Company A received approximately $3 million in business
from the Military Sealift Command and Company B received approximately $2.5
million in business.

As part of his guilty plea, Miserendino also admitted to engaging in a scheme to
conceal his criminal activity, which involved Miserendino arranging for more
than $85,000 to be paid to one of his co-conspirators, Hardman, in an attempt to
prevent Hardman from reporting the bribery scheme to law enforcement
authorities.

Miserendino is scheduled to be sentenced on November 7, 2014.

Earlier this year, five other individuals pleaded guilty in connection with the
bribery scheme. On Feb. 12, 2014, Toy pleaded guilty to bribery, and he was
sentenced on July 29, 2014, to 96 months in prison and ordered to forfeit
$100,000. On Feb. 18, 2014, Hardman, the co-founder of Company A and Company B,
pleaded guilty to bribing Toy and Miserendino, and he was sentenced on July 9,
2014, to 96 months in prison and ordered to forfeit $144,000. On Feb. 19, 2014,
Michael P. McPhail pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bribery, and he was
sentenced on Aug. 5, 2014, to 36 months in prison and ordered to forfeit
$57,000. On March 5, 2014, Smith, the co-founder and former president of Company
A, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bribery, and he was sentenced on June
23, 2014, to 48 months in prison and ordered to forfeit $175,000. On April 4,
2014, White, a former vice president of Company A, pleaded guilty to conspiracy
to commit bribery, and he was sentenced on July 11, 2014, to 24 months in prison
and ordered to forfeit $57,000.

The remaining defendant, Timothy S. Miller, a businessman who sought contracting
business from the Military Sealift Command, is charged with one count of
conspiracy to commit bribery and two counts of bribery. Miller's t rial is
scheduled for Sept. 30, 2014, before Chief Judge Smith.

The case was investigated by the FBI, NCIS, and DCIS. The case was prosecuted by
Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             143 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 13, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former United States Navy Military Sealift Command Contractor Pleads
Guilty to Bribery and Conspiracy

LENGTH: 827  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Scott B. Miserendino, Sr., 55, a former contractor for the United States Navy
Military Sealift Command, pleaded guilty today to accepting bribes and
conspiring to commit bribery.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Special Agent in Charge
Susan Triesch of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Norfolk Field
Office, andSpecial Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI Norfolk Field
Office made the announcement today after Miserendino entered his guilty plea
before U.S. Magistrate Judge Douglas E. Miller of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

According to a statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, Miserendino was
a government contractor at the Military Sealift Command, which is the leading
provider of transportation for the U.S. Navy. In that position, Miserendino
worked closely with Kenny E. Toy, the former Afloat Programs Manager for the N6
Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Systems Directorate. In
approximately November 2004, Miserendino and Toy initiated an extensive bribery
scheme that spanned five years, involved multiple coconspirators, including two
companies, and resulted in Miserendino and Toy receiving more than $265,000 in
cash bribes, among other things of value, in exchange for official assistance.

At his plea hearing, Miserendino admitted that he solicited and accepted regular
cash bribes, as well as other things of value, from two Chesapeake, Virginia
contracting companies, referred to as Company A and Company B in court
documents, in exchange for providing favorable treatment to those companies in
connection with U.S. government contract work. More specifically, Miserendino
admitted that he accepted $3,000 in cash bribes per month from various employees
at Company A, including co-conspirators Dwayne A. Hardman, Roderic J. Smith,
Michael P. McPhail, and Adam C. White. Miserendino also admitted that he, along
with Toy, accepted a cash bribe payment of $50,000 in May 2009, from Company B's
founders, Hardman and Timothy S. Miller.

In addition to the more than $265,000 in cash bribes, Miserendino also admitted
that he and Toy received other things of value, including flat screen
televisions, laptop computers, a vacation rental in Nags Head, North Carolina, a
football helmet signed by Troy Aikman, and softball bats.

According to plea documents, in exchange for the bribes, Miserendino and Toy
performed various official acts to assist Company A and Company B. Indeed,
during the conspiracy, Company A received approximately $3 million in business
from the Military Sealift Commandand Company B received approximately $2.5
million in business.

As part of his guilty plea, Miserendino also admitted to engaging in a scheme to
conceal his criminal activity, which involved Miserendino arranging for more
than $85,000 to be paid to one of his co-conspirators, Hardman, in an attempt to
prevent Hardman from reporting the bribery scheme to law enforcement
authorities.

Miserendino is scheduled to be sentenced on November 7, 2014.

Earlier this year, five other individuals pleaded guilty in connection with the
bribery scheme. On Feb. 12, 2014, Toy pleaded guilty to bribery, and he was
sentenced on July 29, 2014, to 96 months in prison and ordered to forfeit
$100,000. On Feb. 18, 2014, Hardman, the co-founder of Company A and Company B,
pleaded guilty to bribing Toy and Miserendino, and he was sentenced on July 9,
2014, to 96 months in prison and ordered to forfeit $144,000. On Feb. 19, 2014,
Michael P. McPhail pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bribery, and he was
sentenced on Aug. 5, 2014, to 36 months in prison and ordered to forfeit
$57,000. On March 5, 2014, Smith, the co-founder and former president of Company
A, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit bribery, and he was sentenced on June
23, 2014, to 48 months in prison and ordered to forfeit $175,000. On April 4,
2014, White, a former vice president of Company A, pleaded guilty to conspiracy
to commit bribery, and he was sentenced on July 11, 2014, to 24 months in prison
and ordered to forfeit $57,000.

The remaining defendant, Timothy S. Miller, a businessman who sought contracting
business from the Military Sealift Command, is charged with one count of
conspiracy to commit bribery and two counts of bribery. Miller's t rial is
scheduled for Sept. 30, 2014, before Chief Judge Smith.

The case was investigated by the FBI, NCIS, and DCIS. The case was prosecuted by
Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             144 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 12, 1988, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

3 Traffic Agents Facing Charges In Bribe Scheme

BYLINE: By TODD S. PURDUM

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 395 words


Three New York City traffic agents in midtown and upper Manhattan were arrested
yesterday and charged with taking ''a few hundred dollars'' in $10 to $50 bribes
for not issuing tickets or for altering summonses so that motorists could avoid
fines, officials said.

The agents were picked up during roll-calls at three separate Transportation
Department command posts after a yearlong undercover inquiry by the City
Investigation Department. Officials said the investigation was set off by
complaints by motorists that agents in Manhattan were seeking bribes.

Criminal-justice experts have long regarded enforcement officers such as traffic
agents as among the public employees most vulnerable to bribes or corruption
because of the financial power they hold. Yesterday's arrests came just weeks
after 28 current and former city health inspectors and supervisors were charged
with soliciting bribes from restaurants.

To Expand Inquiry

A spokeswoman for the Investigation Department, Peg Breen, said there was no
evidence that the three traffic agents had acted in concert. But she said the
Transportation Department had cited traffic enforcement as a likely corruption
hazard even before the complaints. She said the inquiry would now be expanded
citywide.

Ms. Breen said that the documented cases of taking bribes involved ''a few
hundred dollars'' and that the incidents were reported both by motorists and
undercover agents posing as drivers.

During the investigation, the inspector general's office of the Transportation
Department conducted surveillance to single out agents thought likely to demand
money. Investigators then parked cars in a selected agent's work zone. When an
agent began ticketing a car, an undercover detective posing as the owner would
complain.

'It's Going to Cost You'

In one case, when a detective asked if the agent would cancel a ticket, the
agent replied: ''Yeah, but it's going to cost you,'' and then asked for $20, or
half the fine, officials said.

Ms. Breen refused to comment on whether investigators made video or audio tapes
of any of the transactions.

Those arrested were Edwin Cruz, 30 years old, of 995 Simpson Street in the
Melrose section of the Bronx; Pierre Washington, 27, of 2511 Third Avenue in
East Harlem, and Michelle Walker, 26, of 373 Tompkins Avenue in the Williamsburg
section of Brooklyn.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             145 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: 4 businessman, 2 foreign officials plead guilty in connection with
bribes paid to Mexican aviation officials

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 Charges have been unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded
guilty for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials to secure
aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and controlled
entities. Two others are charged with conspiring to launder the proceeds of the
schemes.





 The case was investigated by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and the Internal Revenue Service.

 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials," said Shane Folden, special agent in charge of HSI San Antonio. "This
case serves as a reminder that HSI will use all its resources to identify,
investigate and dismantle these criminal networks wherever they operate."



 Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, Texas, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a
citizen of Mexico, pleaded guilty Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively, to
conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy to
commit wire fraud.



 Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of Brownsville, Texas, pleaded
guilty Nov. 2 to conspiring to violate the FCPA. Ramnarine and Perez are
scheduled to be sentenced Jan. 30, 2017. Ray and Valdez Pinon are set to be
sentenced Feb. 23, 2017.



 Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both whom
are citizens of Mexico and are former officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering.
Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty Dec. 9, and is scheduled to be sentenced
Jan. 12, 2017. Nevarez pleaded guilty March 4, and was sentenced to 15 months in
prison May 27.



 According to the defendants' plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials. The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.



 Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials. As part
of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayor's state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.



 As part of his guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican
public university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for
taking certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the
university. Nevarez also admitted he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others
to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse Salazar and Arthur Jones are prosecuting the
case. The Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided
significant assistance.



 The Criminal Division's Fraud Section is responsible for investigating and
prosecuting all FCPA matters.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             146 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Washington: 4 businessman, 2 foreign officials plead guilty in connection with
bribes paid to Mexican aviation officials

LENGTH: 717  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 Charges have been unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded
guilty for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials to secure
aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and controlled
entities. Two others are charged with conspiring to launder the proceeds of the
schemes.





 The case was investigated by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's (ICE)
Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) and the Internal Revenue Service.

 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials," said Shane Folden, special agent in charge of HSI San Antonio. "This
case serves as a reminder that HSI will use all its resources to identify,
investigate and dismantle these criminal networks wherever they operate."



 Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, Texas, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a
citizen of Mexico, pleaded guilty Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively, to
conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy to
commit wire fraud.



 Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of Brownsville, Texas, pleaded
guilty Nov. 2 to conspiring to violate the FCPA. Ramnarine and Perez are
scheduled to be sentenced Jan. 30, 2017. Ray and Valdez Pinon are set to be
sentenced Feb. 23, 2017.



 Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both whom
are citizens of Mexico and are former officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit money laundering.
Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty Dec. 9, and is scheduled to be sentenced
Jan. 12, 2017. Nevarez pleaded guilty March 4, and was sentenced to 15 months in
prison May 27.



 According to the defendants' plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials. The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.



 Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials. As part
of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayor's state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.



 As part of his guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican
public university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for
taking certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the
university. Nevarez also admitted he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others
to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse Salazar and Arthur Jones are prosecuting the
case. The Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided
significant assistance.



 The Criminal Division's Fraud Section is responsible for investigating and
prosecuting all FCPA matters.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             147 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

KVP Solicited Bribes for Himself and Others: FBI

LENGTH: 544 words

DATELINE: HYDERABAD


HYDERABAD, April 4 -- The Federal Bureau of Investigation of the United States
has charged six persons, including Congress MP KVP Ramachandra Rao and a
Ukrainian businessman, with participation in an alleged international
racketeering involving payment of bribes to state and central officials in India
to allow mining of titanium minerals.

Dmitry Firtash is the Ukrainian businessman and the others are Andras Knopp of
Hungary, Suren Gevorgyan of Ukraine; Gajendra Lal of US, Periyasamy
Sunderalingam of Sri Lanka. KVP was serving as adviser to the then chief
minister YS Rajasekhara Reddy.

All the six were charged with one count each of racketeering and money
laundering, and two counts of inter-state travel in aid of racketeering. Five,
other than Rao, were charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act.

According to the indictment, Firtash controls Group DF, an international
conglomerate of companies. Group DF companies include: Ostchem Holding AG, an
Austrian company in the business of mining and processing minerals including
titanium; Global Energy Mining and Minerals Limited, a Hungarian company, and
Bothli Trade AG, a Swiss company,

Firtash was the leader of the enterprise and oversaw its illegal activities. He
allegedly caused participation of certain Group DF companies in the project, met
Indian officials, including YSR, to discuss the project and its progress;
authorised payment of at least $18.5 million in bribes to state and central
government officials, directed his subordinates to create documents to make it
appear that money transferred for the purpose of paying these bribes was
transferred for legitimate commercial purposes, and appointed various
subordinates to oversee efforts to obtain the licenses through bribery.

Knopp allegedly supervised the enterprise and, together with Firtash, met Indian
officials. Knopp also met Company A representatives to discuss supplying
titanium products from the project. Gevorgyan allegedly travelled to Seattle and
met Company A representatives. He was also engaged in other activities,
including allegedly signing false documents, monitoring bribe payments, and
coordinating transfers of money to be used for bribes. Lal, also known as 'Gaj',
allegedly engaged in similar activities, reported to Firtash and Knopp on the
status of obtaining licences, and recommended whether, and in what manner, to
pay certain bribes to government officials.

Sunderalingam allegedly met Rao to determine the total amount of bribes and
advised others on the results of the meeting, and identified various foreign
bank accounts held in the names of nominees outside India that could be used to
funnel bribes to Rao.

Rao allegedly solicited bribes for himself and others in return for approving
licences for the project, and warned other defendants concerning the threat of a
possible law enforcement investigation.

The indictment lists 57 transfers of funds between various entities, some
controlled by Group DF, totaling $10,597,050 between April 28, 2006 and July 13,
2010.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             148 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday

State appeals court court could have major impact on Colonies case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 999 words


The trajectory of a sweeping San Bernardino County corruption case hinges on how
a state appellate court rules.

In October, the state Attorney General's Office appealed an August ruling by San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, who dismissed five of seven
felony charges against Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum and one felony
count of misappropriation of public funds for each of the three other
defendants: former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former Assistant Assessor Jim
Erwin and Mark Kirk, former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

Prosecutors allege the county's $102 million legal settlement with Rancho
Cucamonga investor group Colonies Partners LP, of which Burum is a co-managing
partner, was tainted by bribery, blackmail and extortion.

Burum is accused of paying a total of $400,000 in bribes to the three defendants
and former county Assessor and Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Postmus in
exchange for their votes in favor of the settlement or influencing it.

Prosecutors say the alleged bribes were funneled into phony political action
committees controlled by the supervisors who voted in favor of the settlement -
Postmus, Biane and Ovitt - or members of their staffs. The political action
committees, prosecutors say, were used to conceal the alleged bribes.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

In March, Postmus, who was chairman of the Board of Supervisors at the time of
the landmark Colonies settlement in November 2006, pleaded guilty to 15 felonies
in connection with the Colonies scandal and another at the Assessor's Office in
which he was accused of abusing his elected office for political gain.

Under a plea agreement with prosecutors, Postmus admitted to taking a $100,000
bribe from Burum in exchange for his vote approving the settlement, which ended
a nearly 5-year land rights dispute over flood-control improvements at the
Colonies' 434-acre residential and commercial development, Colonies at San
Antonio and Colonies Crossroads, respectively, in Upland.

Under the terms of his plea agreement, Postmus has agreed to testify against the
four defendants in exchange for reduced charges.

Burum's attorney, Stephen Larson, has also appealed McCarville's ruling, only he
is arguing McCarville erred by not dismissing all charges against Burum.

A key argument made by Larson is that state and local prosecutors have
improperly charged Burum with crimes geared for public officials.

Both appeals were filed with the 4th District Court of Appeal in Riverside.

Rejection of the prosecution's appeal would decimate its case against Burum.

Granting Larson's appeal would end the case against Burum altogether, unless
prosecutors decide to appeal to the state Supreme Court.

Or the appellate court could deny Larson's appeal and grant the prosecution's,
restoring the indictment to its original form and putting prosecutors back on
solid ground.

Prosecutors have repeatedly declined to comment publicly on the case.

"Any discussion about the intricacies of the upcoming appellate court decision
certainly could reveal evidentiary and legal strategies that are appropriate for
prosecutors to keep to themselves," said Christoper Lee, spokesman for the
District Attorney's Office, in an email. "Additionally, we do not want to be
arguing or discussing information that should more properly be presented to the
judge in the courtroom."

The state Attorney General's Office, which is jointly prosecuting the Colonies
case with the San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office, is arguing that
McCarville erred in his dismissal of the charges.

McCarville ruled that people who give bribes cannot also be charged with aiding
and abetting the receipt of bribes, which Burum was charged with.

Prosecutors argue that the law contains no such exemption and that the facts of
the case should determine whether a person accused of giving a bribe can also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe.

"Whether a person can be held criminally liable for aiding and abetting the
receipt of a bribe depends entirely on whether the person committed acts that
satisfy the definition of aiding and abetting, ..." according to the
prosecution's appeal.

McCarville also determined that the separation of powers doctrine, which confers
immunity on legislators engaged in legislative activity, prevented prosecutors
from charging the defendants with crimes underlying the settlement.

"But the fact that a bogus lawsuit settlement was used as the mechanism to
commit and conceal criminal acts does not transform the settlement into
protected legislative activity," prosecutors argue.

Larson argues in his appeal that the remaining charges against Burum, a private
citizen, are tailored to public officials.

Burum still faces charges of criminal conspiracy and misappropriation of public
funds.

As to the charge of misappropriation of public funds, Larson said Burum is a
private citizen and was "a necessary participant to the settlement of the
Colonies litigation."

Burum, therefore, could not be charged with conspiring or aiding and abetting
the receipt of a bribe or bribes, Larson argues.

As to the charge of criminal conspiracy, Larson argued the statute used by
prosecutors to charge Burum was not only unconstitutionally vague because it
relies on the undefined term "improperly influence," but is also inapplicable to
the facts alleged in the indictment because its scope is limited to crimes
involving the state Legislature, not local governments such as the county.

The conspiracy count against Burum fails because prosecutors chose to
"inextricably intertwine the alleged predicate crimes such that if one predicate
crime is dismissed, the conspiracy count cannot stand," Larson said in his
appeal, filed Jan. 19.

"The prosecution's charging scheme in this case was unprecedented and has no
legal or statutory authority. The indictment in its entirety should be
dismissed," Larson wrote.

Larson couldn't be reached for comment Thursday.

Reach Joe @SBCountyNow.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             149 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 5, 2005 Friday
                                  All Editions

Scandal stretches to suburbs Indictment says company bribed Chicago Park
District, got reimbursed

BYLINE: Rob Olmstead, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 470 words


Government subsidies are nothing new.

But a Mundelein company brought a new definition to the term Thursday, when
federal prosecutors alleged the Chicago Park District, in essence, reimbursed
the company for some of the bribes it paid a park district official to get work.

Michael Lowecki, 45, of Libertyville, and John Kevin Haas, 56, of Gurnee, paid a
Chicago Park District official $137,000 in cash and gifts in order to get
contracts with the district for their company, James Michael Inc., an indictment
alleges.

Later, the official, Shirley McMayon, allowed the company to bill the district
about $60,000 in bogus charges in order to recoup some of its bribery costs,
prosecutors allege.

The taxpayer-reimbursement for the bribes was the most unusual aspect of the
indictment, which otherwise described a straightforward bribes-for-contract
arrangement, with several wire transfers directly from James Michael's bank
account to McMayon's.

"Some bribes are less subtle than others," said U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald
of the indictment, which was returned by a grand jury Wednesday and announced
Thursday.

In addition to the cash, the company paid for a bicycle, computers, two trips to
the Wisconsin Dells for McMayon and guests, a Utah skiing vacation for her and
her sons and a spa trip complete with massage, haircut, pedicure and manicure,
the indictment said.

In exchange, James Michaels received about $8 million in contracts for
landscaping and Christmas lighting at Millennium Park and other sites from
August 2000 to December 2004, Fitzgerald said.

McMayon also approved for payment numerous fraudulent invoices so James Michael
would be reimbursed for its bribes, the indictment charges.

Those phony invoices included bills for non-existent landscape architect
services, digital cameras and a GPS system.

"This is the $10,000 GPS that can't be found," Fitzgerald said.

McMayon, 47, now of Park City, Utah, and Lowecki were each charged with five
counts of mail fraud, one count of wire fraud and three counts of bribery
involving federally funded programs.

Haas, Fitzgerald said, is cooperating with the government and was charged with
one count of wire fraud and one count of mail fraud.

"He's (Haas) led a law-abiding life up to this point and obviously made a
mistake," said his attorney, Michael Ettinger, who noted that Haas was only with
the company for the first year of the contracts.

Phone calls to James Michael and an attorney for Lowecki were not returned.
McMayon's attorney declined to comment. A park district spokeswoman did not
return calls, but issued a statement that the district was disappointed and has
been cooperating since the U.S. attorney's office contacted it in January.

The three defendants will be arraigned at a later date, said assistant U.S.
attorneys Scott Levine and Nancy Miller.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             150 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 24, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

METRO NEWS BRIEFS: NEW YORK;
Bribe Inquiry May Delay Hundreds of Divorces

SECTION: Section B; Page 10; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 164 words


Hundreds of New York couples whose divorces are the focus of an investigation
into bribes accepted by Manhattan's chief divorce court clerk may not know for
months whether they are, in fact, legally married or legally divorced, court
officials said yesterday.

Mai Yee, a spokeswoman for the court system, said yesterday that as many as
2,000 divorces potentially tainted by bribes will not be certified as valid by
the courts until Manhattan prosecutors and court system auditors conclude their
reviews of the cases. Prosecutors said yesterday that their inquiry could take
months.

Steven Singer, the chief divorce court clerk in Manhattan, pleaded guilty on
Tuesday to three counts of taking bribes in exchange for expediting divorce
papers. Prosecutors said that the bribes, largely paid by low-cost, high-volume
law offices and businesses known in the industry as "divorce mills," totaled
tens of thousands of dollars and involved hundreds of cases dating to 1992.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             151 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 10, 1989, Friday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

Housing Aides Are Charged In Bribe Plan

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 906 words


Twelve New York City housing inspectors and supervisors were charged yesterday
with extracting bribes to overlook violations in private apartment buildings.
One former housing inspector was also charged, along with eight landlords.

The charges were part of the continuing investigation of allegations of
corruption involving the city's Department of Housing Preservation and
Development.

In a twist, the Department of Investigation arranged for most of the inspectors
and supervisors to be arrested when they arrived at ''corruption awareness
seminars.'' After the arrest of their colleagues, other inspectors listened to a
lecture about corruption.

A Drug Charge

The bribery charges, involving buildings in Manhattan, Brooklyn and Queens, were
the latest to focus on corruption in New York City's inspection agencies.
Earlier charges have involved restaurant inspectors accused of overlooking
health violations, sanitation workers accused of demanding bribes to remove bulk
refuse from buildings and supervisors responsible for awarding housing contracts
accused of accepting bribes from contractors.

Investigation Commissioner Kevin B. Frawley, who announced the bribery charges
in a news conference at his Manhattan office, said five of the arrested housing
inspectors were ''serious drug abusers.'' One was charged with possessing drugs
at the time of his arrest.

Mayor Edward I. Koch announced at the news conference that the city was
instituting a new drug-testing procedure ''because we now know that many of
these inspectors are extorting bribes to feed their drug habits.''

Advance Notification

Under the new procedure, the Mayor said, the city will give drug tests to all
applicants for jobs as inspectors in all city agencies. He noted that laws
prohibited routine drug testing of city employees after they were hired.

Nine inspectors and the former inspector were charged with extracting bribes
ranging from $40 to $500 to overlook housing-code violations in apartment
buildings. Three supervisors were accused of notifying landlords in advance
about inspections, assigning cooperative inspectors to their buildings and
sharing in bribery payments.

Mr. Frawley said the ''most brazen'' cases involved bribes to overlook
violations at buildings that were under court orders to clear up the violations.

But he said there was no indication that inspectors had overlooked any
significant safety violations.

The landlords named in the investigation were charged with giving bribes ranging
from $20 to $300. They were accused of giving bribes to undercover investigators
who posed as inspectors willing to accept payoffs.

There are 550 inspectors in the Housing Department, said Commissioner Abraham
Biderman, who stressed that ''we are talking about a limited number of
employees'' charged with corruption.

The Commissioner added that his department would introduce more procedures,
including the ''full rotation'' of inspectors and supervisors, to reduce the
opportunities for corruption.

Later in the day, District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau of Manhattan also held
a news conference to announce the arrests in the investigation.

Suspects Sought

Prosecutors, who declined to have their names used, complained to reporters
afterward that a landlord escaped arrest yesterday morning because the
Department of Investigation had prematurely disclosed the investigation.

When told about the complaint, the Investigation Commissioner's executive
assistant, Ron Davis, said it was inaccurate to suggest that the announcement
had been made too soon. He said arrangements were made to arrest all the
suspects in the morning, before the announcement.

Besides the missing landlord, two Housing Department employees were not arrested
and were being sought. Mr. Davis said that one of the employees was on vacation
and that the other failed to come to work yesterday.

Each bribery charge carries a sentence of up to seven years in prison and a
maximum fine of $5,000.

Officials said yesterday's charges resulted from a housing investigation that
began in September 1986, based on complaints by some tenants and honest
inspectors.

All of the city employees who were charged yesterday have been suspended without
pay, officials said.

Those Charged

These are the inspectors arrested yesterday:

Howard Cook, 36, Staten Island, who was also charged with
  possessing cocaine.
Charles Johnson, 38, Brooklyn.
Cassandra Deas, 36, the Bronx.
Charles Holden, 45, Manhattan.
Richard Fragapane, 46, Brooklyn.
Joseph Clogher, 33, Brooklyn.
Raymond White, 30, Queens.
Randolph Black, 36, Brooklyn.
Hansworth Bevin Mike, 40, Brooklyn, now a Transit Authority
  inspector.

These are the arrested supervisors:

Hayden Carey, 54, Brooklyn.
William Naccash, 53, Brooklyn.

The two other housing employees, one a supervisor and one an inspector, who have
been charged were not identified because they had not yet been arrested.

These were the arrested landlords:

Martin Moshel, Manhattan.
Wo Chung Lau, Manhattan.
Sadek Madani, Manhattan.
Christopher Montalvo, Manhattan.
David Damaghi, Manhattan.
John Halberian, Manhattan.
Louis Then, Manhattan.

The landlord who fled has not been arrested. He was identified as John
Nazarewycz of Manhattan.

The buildings that the landlords own were not identified because of the
continuing investigation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 11, 1989, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:

Because of an editing error, an article yesterday about arrests of housing
inspectors, supervisors and building owners in New York City referred
incorrectly in some copies to one accused owner. He was identified as John
Nazarewycz, and he was not arrested.

GRAPHIC: Photo of Mayor Edward I. Koch, with Abraham Biderman, Housing
Commissioner; Kevin B. Frawley, Commissioner of Investigation, and Alfred
Siegel, Deputy Commissioner of Investigation, announcing the arrests of housing
inspectors charged with taking bribes (NYT/Chester Higgins Jr.)

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             152 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

New York Doctor Charged with Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New
Jersey Clinical Lab &#xD; &#xD; First Doctor Indicted in Case; 38 Defendants
Have Pleaded Guilty

LENGTH: 796  words


NEWARK, NJ-A doctor with practices in Nassau County, New York, was charged today
with accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running
and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Bret Ostrager, 50, of Woodbury, New York, was indicted by a federal grand jury
and charged with one count of conspiring to violate the Anti-Kickback Statute
and the Federal Travel Act, three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback
Statute, and four substantive violations of the Federal Travel Act. Ostrager is
scheduled to be arraigned before Judge Stanley Chesler on Aug. 19, 2015.

Ostrager is the first defendant to be indicted in connection with the BLS
bribery scheme. To date, 38 people-26 of them doctors-have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. It is believed to
be the largest number of medical professionals ever prosecuted in a bribery
case. (See chart below.) The investigation has to date recovered more than $11.5
million through forfeiture.

According to the indictment:

Between February 2011 and April 2013, Ostrager received monthly cash bribes of
approximately $3,300 from BLS employees and associates. He periodically
solicited and received from the BLS employees and associates tickets and meals
that cost thousands of dollars. These additional bribes in response to specific
requests from Ostrager included tickets to a New York Mets baseball game, a New
York Knicks basketball game, a Katy Perry concert, a Justin Bieber concert, and
the Broadway show "Newsies." In exchange, Ostrager referred patient blood
samples to BLS. Ostrager's referrals generated approximately $909,000 in lab
business for BLS.

If convicted, Ostrager faces a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison
on each of the counts on which he is charged. Each count also carries a maximum
$250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish and
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T.
Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud
Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of
the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

Defense counsel: Marc Agnifilo Esq., New York

Defendant

Role

Sentence/ Sentencing Date

David Nicoll

BLS owner

TBD

Scott Nicoll

BLS employee

TBD

Craig Nordman

BLS employee

TBD

Luke Chicco

BLS employee

TBD

Cliff Antell

BLS employee

TBD

Kevin Kerekes

BLS employee

TBD

Doug Hurley

BLS employee

TBD

Peter Breihof

BLS employee

TBD

William Dailey

BLS employee

TBD

Len Rubinstein

BLS employee

37 months

Dave McCann

BLS employee

TBD

Michael Zarelli

BLS employee

8/20/15

Frank Santangelo

Doctor

63 months

Gary Safier

Doctor

TBD

Angelo Calabrese

Doctor

37 months

Dennis Aponte

Doctor

24 months

Dana Fortunato

Doctor

14 months

Claudio Dicovsky

Doctor

12 months' probation

Paul Ostergaard

Doctor

12 months' probation

Gary Leeds

Doctor

20 months

Richard Goldberg

Doctor

20 months

Demitrios Gabriel

Doctor

37 months

Surender Gorukanti

Doctor

TBD

Wayne Lajewski

Doctor

14 months

Michelle Martinho

Doctor

TBD

John Vitali

Doctor

10 months' home conf.

Peter Deplas

Doctor

TBD

Douglas Beinstock

Doctor

37 months

Anthony DeLuca

Doctor

12 months & one day

Franz Goyzueta

Doctor

37 months

Eugene DeSimone

Doctor

37 months

Anthony Delpiano

Doctor

21 months

Ralph Messo

Doctor

TBD

Leon Marchetta

Physic. Assist.

9/16/15

Brett Halper

Doctor

8/20/15 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             153 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday

'BEAT THE RAP' POL BUSTED Took bribes to pay att'ys: feds

BYLINE: MITCHEL MADDUX and LEONARD GREENE

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 835 words


Facing potentially career-ending corruption charges, Brooklyn Assemblyman
William Boyland Jr. fought back the only way he knew how - soliciting new bribes
so he could pay the lawyers who battled the old bribe charges, federal officials
said yesterday as they arrested him for the second time this year.

The boneheaded rob-Peter-to-pay-Paul bribe scheme even seemed to work at first -
Boyland was surprisingly acquitted by a Manhattan federal jury this month in a
crooked health-care kickback scheme.

But authorities said yesterday that Boyland, while out on bail after his March
10 arrest, sought more than $250,000 in bribes and accepted thousands of dollars
in illicit payoffs in exchange for his promise to grease the wheels on local
development projects.

In one exchange, recorded by an undercover fed posing as a developer, Boyland
practically begs his new "partner" for a quarter-million dollars to help pay the
lawyers defending him in the Manhattan case.

"I have legal fees for this thing," Boyland tells the agent in a June 7 meeting.
"I have to hire a good attorney."

At that point, Boyland had already taken a $7,000 cash bribe, federal
authorities in Brooklyn said yesterday. He had told the agents he needed the
payment to "solidify some attorneys."

He took that money after promising to smooth things over with local community
boards and elected officials who would be needed to approve a real-estate
development project in his district, according to court records.

Boyland on Nov. 10 was acquitted of the corruption charges related to an alleged
no-show job from a health-care provider in Brooklyn and Queens.

The surprising not-guilty verdict came two months after former MediSys CEO David
Rosen was convicted in the same court for bribing Boyland - along with state
Sen. Carl Kruger and late Queens Assemblyman Anthony Seminerio - in return for
them obtaining favors in the Legislature for Rosen's hospitals.

All the while, according to authorities, Boyland between August 2010 and June
2011 solicited and accepted a steady stream of bribes from a cooperating-witness
carnival operator and two undercover FBI agents, whom Boyland believed were
out-of-state businessmen.

During a meeting in Atlantic City in April, the lawmaker was caught offering to
arrange a deal for the phony businessmen to buy a hospital in his district at a
discount and secure state funds for a renovation in exchange for $250,000, the
complaint says.

"The extent of the charged corruption is staggering," said US Attorney Loretta
Lynch. "The defendant had a strong political legacy, the trust of his community
and the privilege of serving it.

"Not content with these many benefits, the defendant is alleged to have
auctioned the power of his seat in the Assembly to the highest bidder for his
own personal gain and the potential detriment of the voters who elected him to
office."

Boyland, wearing a blue sweatsuit, was arraigned before Magistrate Judge Joan
Azrack, who released him on $100,000 bond.

The legislator spoke softly during the hearing, and later declined to answer
reporters' questions about the charges.

His attorney, Michael Bachrach, promised to fight the case.

Asked if he plans to stay in office as his new criminal case approaches trial,
Boyland nodded his head.

CAUGHT ON TAPE

On April 29,amonth and a half after his Manhattan corruption arrest, Brooklyn
Assemblyman William Boyland was taped by an undercover agent (UC) allegedly
discussing how to launder kickbacks through his nonprofit:

UC: I can get you a name and a Social Security number to put on as an
employeewho never shows up.

BOYLAND: We'll do it. We'll do it.

UC: And then whatever it is you need from this, that'll be the salary of that
person, and if that's not enough, we'll find a second puppet employee, whatever.

BOYLAND: We'll make it happen. We'll make it happen.

Then, on June 7, Boyland mentioned his dire need for cash to pay for his
lawyers:

BOYLAND: I have legal fees for this thing. I have to hire a good attorney.

UC: Have you not gotten a good one yet?

BOYLAND: I have a good attorney. I just can't pay him.

UC: What'll get you over the next kinda legal payment you have to make to keep
them moving forward on your team?

BOYLAND: Two fifty.

UC: Two hundred and fifty?

UC: Well, that's a lot of money for not having done anything yet. I'm not going
to give you $250,000 for that.

BOYLAND: I got you. But that's what I need help with right now.

At the same meeting, Boyland allegedly talks about the need for a bag man to
conceal the transactions:

BOYLAND: I gotamiddle guy, by the way. I gotta stay clean. I got a bag man.

And he explained why he preferred to meet in person rather than explain the
shady deals on the phone:

BOYLAND: I stopped talking on the phoneawhile ago. I'm just saying there is no
real conversation that you can have that, you know, especially with what we're
talking about. You can't do that.

leonard.greene@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MORE TROUBLE: Assemblyman William Boyland Jr., leaving court after his
Nov. 10 acquittal, was busted again yesterday on a new corruption rap.Laura
Cavanaugh

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             154 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          November 30, 2011 Wednesday

'BEAT THE RAP' POL BUSTED Took bribes to pay att'ys: feds

BYLINE: MITCHEL MADDUX and LEONARD GREENE

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 835 words


Facing potentially career-ending corruption charges, Brooklyn Assemblyman
William Boyland Jr. fought back the only way he knew how - soliciting new bribes
so he could pay the lawyers who battled the old bribe charges, federal officials
said yesterday as they arrested him for the second time this year.

The boneheaded rob-Peter-to-pay-Paul bribe scheme even seemed to work at first -
Boyland was surprisingly acquitted by a Manhattan federal jury this month in a
crooked health-care kickback scheme.

But authorities said yesterday that Boyland, while out on bail ­after his March
10 arrest, sought more than $250,000 in bribes and accepted thousands of dollars
in illicit payoffs in exchange for his promise to grease the wheels on local
development projects.

In one exchange, recorded by an undercover fed posing as a developer, Boyland
practically begs his new "partner" for a quarter-million dollars to help pay the
lawyers defending him in the Manhattan case.

"I have legal fees for this thing," Boyland tells the agent in a June 7 meeting.
"I have to hire a good attorney."

At that point, Boyland had already taken a $7,000 cash bribe, federal
authorities in Brooklyn said yesterday. He had told the agents he needed the
payment to "solidify some attorneys."

He took that money after promising to smooth things over with local community
boards and elected officials who would be needed to approve a real-estate
development project in his district, according to court records.

Boyland on Nov. 10 was acquitted of the corruption charges related to an alleged
no-show job from a health-care provider in Brooklyn and Queens.

The surprising not-guilty verdict came two months after former MediSys CEO David
Rosen was convicted in the same court for bribing Boyland - along with state
Sen. Carl Kruger and late Queens Assemblyman Anthony Seminerio - in return for
them obtaining favors in the Legislature for Rosen's hospitals.

All the while, according to authorities, Boyland between August 2010 and June
2011 solicited and accepted a steady stream of bribes from a cooperating-witness
carnival operator and two undercover FBI agents, whom Boyland believed were
out-of-state businessmen.

During a meeting in Atlantic City in April, the lawmaker was caught offering to
arrange a deal for the phony businessmen to buy a hospital in his district at a
discount and secure state funds for a renovation in exchange for $250,000, the
complaint says.

"The extent of the charged corruption is staggering," said US Attorney Loretta
Lynch. "The defendant had a strong political legacy, the trust of his community
and the privilege of serving it.

"Not content with these many benefits, the defendant is alleged to have
auctioned the power of his seat in the Assembly to the highest bidder for his
own personal gain and the potential detriment of the voters who elected him to
office."

Boyland, wearing a blue sweatsuit, was arraigned before Magistrate Judge Joan
Azrack, who released him on $100,000 bond.

The legislator spoke softly during the hearing, and later declined to answer
reporters' questions about the charges.

His attorney, Michael Bachrach, promised to fight the case.

Asked if he plans to stay in office as his new criminal case approaches trial,
Boyland nodded his head.

CAUGHT ON TAPE

On April 29,amonth and a half after his Manhattan corruption arrest, Brooklyn
Assemblyman William Boyland was taped by an undercover agent (UC) allegedly
discussing how to launder kickbacks through his nonprofit:

UC: I can get you a name and a Social Security number to put on as an
employeewho never shows up.

BOYLAND: We'll do it. We'll do it.

UC: And then whatever it is you need from this, that'll be the salary of that
person, and if that's not enough, we'll find a second puppet employee, whatever.

BOYLAND: We'll make it happen. We'll make it happen.

Then, on June 7, Boyland mentioned his dire need for cash to pay for his
lawyers:

BOYLAND: I have legal fees for this thing. I have to hire a good attorney.

UC: Have you not gotten a good one yet?

BOYLAND: I have a good attorney. I just can't pay him.

UC: What'll get you over the next kinda legal payment you have to make to keep
them moving forward on your team?

BOYLAND: Two fifty.

UC: Two hundred and fifty?

UC: Well, that's a lot of money for not having done anything yet. I'm not going
to give you $250,000 for that.

BOYLAND: I got you. But that's what I need help with right now.

At the same meeting, Boyland allegedly talks about the need for a bag man to
conceal the transactions:

BOYLAND: I gotamiddle guy, by the way. I gotta stay clean. I got a bag man.

And he explained why he preferred to meet in person rather than explain the
shady deals on the phone:

BOYLAND: I stopped talking on the phoneawhile ago. I'm just saying there is no
real conversation that you can have that, you know, especially with what we're
talking about. You can't do that.

leonard.greene@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: MORE TROUBLE: Assemblyman William Boyland Jr., leaving court after his
Nov. 10 acquittal, was busted again yesterday on a new corruption rap.Laura
Cavanaugh

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             155 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              June 24, 2007 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Victim of fraud denies participating in bid to 'bribe' 3 senators

BYLINE: By Dan Herbeck - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 528 words


Richard Benedetto says he feels terrible about being duped and cheated out of
thousands of dollars by his niece and her husband.

But he also wants the world to know that he was not trying to bribe three U.S.
senators.

FBI agents said Benedetto, 47, and other Jamestown relatives were victims of
several scams run by his niece, Lisa Harris, and her husband, William Harris,
who were arrested near Seattle on Wednesday.

William Harris claimed to have close friendships with Vice President Cheney,
former New York Gov. George E. Pataki and other government officials.

In one of the scams alleged by the FBI, Harris convinced Benedetto that, for
$60,000 in "bribe monies," three U.S. senators would help Benedetto's son and
his two nephews get "safer" assignments in the Middle East, where all three were
serving in the military. The FBI said Benedetto gave Harris $20,000 last year to
fund the proposed arrangement.

Authorities believe Harris kept the money and never discussed the situation with
any senators.

Benedetto, a Jamestown real estate executive, contacted The Buffalo News Friday
to insist that he was only trying to help his loved ones and did not intend the
payment as a bribe.

"The word 'bribe' never came up. If it had, I never would have gotten involved,"
Benedetto told The News. "[Harris] told me that if I made a donation to them,
there was no guarantee, but they'd consider helping us. I didn't look at it as a
bribe."

Buffalo FBI spokesman Paul M. Moskal said he has some sympathy for Benedetto's
predicament, but he said the agency will not back away from describing the
proposed arrangement as a bribe.

"It appears that Mr. Benedetto was victimized because of the concern he had for
his family members in the Mideast," Moskal said. "But the agent's court
affidavit stands as it was written, as the agent's depiction and
characterization of what happened."

Assistant U.S. Attorney James P. Kennedy said the government views Benedetto and
other Jamestown family members as the victims of a series of frauds by the
Harrises.

Lisa Harris, 32, a Jamestown native, and her husband, 50, face charges of mail
fraud and wire fraud. They are accused of stealing more than $350,000 from thei
relatives, using a series of investment scams.

In addition to the scam proposing payments to senators, according to the FBI,
Harris ran several scams that claimed he had an inside line on a highly
profitable spinoff of the Halliburton oil services company, formerly headed by
Cheney.

The FBI said Harris didn't know Cheney, had no inside connections at
Halliburton, and kept the money he got from family members. Agents said Harris
and his wife spent much of their money gambling in casinos and on the Internet.

Kennedy said the Harrises are under investigation in connection with scams in
several other cities.

According to Benedetto, Lisa Harris -- then known as Lisa Benedetto -- met
Harris when she was a volunteer in the neighborhood of the World Trade Center
after the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11, 2001.

He said the couple married in 2002. He said family members only learned recently
that Harris had spent 11 years in prison before meeting his wife.

e-mail: dherbeck@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William and Lisa Harris are accused of defrauding relatives of
$350,000.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             156 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   JANUARY 29, 1997 Wednesday SFCITY EDITION

FATHER, SON FOUND GUILTY OVER BRIBES IN UNION LEGAL WORK / THE JURY'S
RACKETEERING VERDICTS CAME AFTER THREE DAYS. THE TWO WERE ALSO ORDERED TO RETURN
MONEY.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 724 words


The longtime head of the National Maritime Union and his son were convicted by a
federal court jury yesterday for accepting more than $100,000 in bribes to refer
union legal work to a Center City lawyer.

The jury deliberated for three days before returning the verdicts against Louis
Parise Sr., 69, of Cherry Hill, and his son, Louis Jr., 39, of Sicklerville,
also in Camden County, for what prosecutors called their corrupt relationship
with lawyer Bernard Sacks.

Father and son seemed resigned when the verdicts came yesterday afternoon. They
walked straight to the front row of the courtroom, where their wives were
sitting - and weeping.

The jury convicted both men of racketeering and most of the related charges in
the 82-count indictment. The panel also ordered Parise Sr. to forfeit $188,297
in cash linked to bribes or illegally spent union funds and Parise Jr. to
forfeit $3,900 in bribes the jury found he accepted from Sacks.

U.S. District Judge Harvey Bartle 3d let both men remain free on their own
recognizance pending the pre-sentence investigation and sentencing.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy R. Rice said Bartle also agreed to the
prosecution demand that Parise Sr. was ordered to resign immediately from his
union offices and to withdraw completely from the affairs of the 4,000-member
National Maritime Union. Based in Jersey City, N.J., the labor organization
represents electricians, deckhands, engine room workers, cooks and other workers
on commercial vessels.

Lawyers for the Parises could not be reached later yesterday about a possible
appeal.

The Parises' conviction is the second major federal prosecution to result from
the cooperation of Sacks, 70, a veteran Center City lawyer who specialized in
representing labor union members in personal injury lawsuits.

Sacks pleaded guilty in 1994 to paying bribes to Floyd Jones, a maritime union
agent in Norfolk, Va., in exchange for Jones encouraging union members to hire
Sacks in personal-injury cases.

Sacks was also the federal prosecutor's key witness two years ago in a similar
case against two former officials of Philadelphia's Lodge 5 of the Fraternal
Order of Police.

Former FOP president John C. Shaw and treasurer Anthony LaSalle were convicted
of racketeering and related charges involving about $75,000 in bribes from Sacks
to pay for Shaw's 1992 reelection campaign. In return, Shaw promised to give
Sacks control of the FOP's legal plan.

In 1995, Shaw, 54, was sentenced to 57 months in prison without parole, and
LaSalle, 51, to three years. Both men continued to maintain their innocence.
Sacks is awaiting sentencing.

Sacks' testimony against the Parises during the three-week trial was
supplemented by the testimony of Edward Montague, 64, of New York City, the
former administrator of the union's pension and welfare plan.

Montague had been indicted with the Parises last June but pleaded guilty in
December to mail fraud involving the theft of about $94,000 in union pension
money to pay for chauffeurs for Parise Sr.

In his closing argument to the jury last Thursday, Ronald F. Kidd, Parise Sr.'s
attorney, called Sacks a liar and "the most materialistic witness who ever
operated in a courtroom."

To avoid going to prison, Kidd said, Sacks would "give you the Pope."

"That's how Bernard Sacks got out of his trouble, giving them someone with a
name who they could prosecute," Kidd said. "He had every motive in the world to
lie. This is a free pass society: Tell about someone else and you'll be
available to get out."

Kidd insisted the allegations against Parise flew in the face of his reputation
and union support: "Fifty-three years this man has been with his union, longer
than he's been married to his wife. He was man of the year."

And Parise Jr.'s attorney, Bruce A. Franzel, insisted that his client earned the
$65,000 investigator's salary Sacks paid him because of his extensive experience
with maritime work issues and his knowledge of union officials and members
around the country.

But Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy R. Rice maintained that Sacks hired Parise
Jr. only because of the benefits Parise Sr. could pass on to his law firm.

"This case is about Louis Parise Jr. getting his job with Sacks as part of the
bigger deal that his father cut," Rice said.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             157 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                July 14, 1993, Wednesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

SOCCER PROBE

BYLINE: Mark Hayes; Valerie Lynn Dorsey

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 152 words


Olympique Marseille player Jean-Jacques Eydelie admitted being the middleman in
a match-fixing scandal, changing his story after his wife said the club's
general manager ordered the alleged bribes. Eydelie changed his story during a
five-hour interrogation by investigating judge Bernard Beffy, corroborating
accounts by his wife and the three Valenciennes players he tried to bribe.
Eydelie's confession marked a major turning point in establishing whether bribes
were offered to the players to throw the May 20 match.

DEAF GAMES: Members of the U.S. Men's and Women's Deaf Basketball teams will
meet with NBA stars Wednesday at the United Nations Plaza in New York in
preparation for the USA's participation in the 1993 World Games for the Deaf,
which will be held July 24-Aug. 2 in Sofia, Bulgaria. The men's team is
five-time defending champion. Athletes from 45 countries are expected.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Sportsline

A QUICK READ ON THE TOP SPORTS NEWS OF THE DAY

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                             158 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 15, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CITY SUES EXTORTER FOR $4 MILLION

BYLINE: By JESUS RANGEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 319 words


New York City filed a civil suit yesterday against a former employee convicted
of extorting $1.5 million in a rental racketeering scheme and against a group of
landlords accused of paying the bribes, city officials announced.

The suit stems from the extortion conviction in Federal Court in Brooklyn of
Alex Liberman, the city's former chief negotiator of leases. He was found guilty
last June of demanding and receiving money from private landlords who wanted to
gain or keep municipal agencies as tenants in their buildings.

Mr. Liberman, who is serving a 12- year sentence, is being sued for $4.5
million, or three times the amount of bribes that were paid to him, said the
city's Corporation Counsel, Frederick A. O. Schwarz Jr.

Forty-three landlords and other people accused of acting as conduits - by
passing along or laundering the bribes - are also being sued. The amount of
those damages has not yet been determined, Mr. Schwarz said, but it will be at
least equal to the amount of bribes paid.

Individual payoffs from 1979 to 1983 ranged from $5,000 to more than $400,000,
the Corporation Counsel said.

The suit, filed yesterday in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, was announced at
a City Hall news conference by Mayor Koch, Mr. Schwarz, Investigation
Commissioner Patrick W. McGinley and Robert M. Litke, Commissioner of the
Department of General Services.

It charges that the landlords agreed to make illegal payments to Mr. Liberman or
other individuals he designated. As a result, the complaint adds, each landlord
received a benefit worth at least the amount of the bribe paid.

''The city's taxpayers are clearly victims of the bribes paid by the landlords
to Mr. Liberman,'' Mayor Koch

''With this suit, we are sending a clear message that we will not tolerate any
rip-offs of the city; that we will find them out and strike back with all the
legal weapons at our disposal.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Frederick A.O. Schwarz Jr., city's Corporation Counsel

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             159 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 10, 2011 Thursday

BRIEF: Man arrested after trying to bribe police officer

BYLINE: WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 149 words


March 10--Martinsville, Ind.

A Central Indiana man has been arrested, accused of trying to bribe a police
officer to let him go when he was caught driving drunk. According to
Martinsville police, 32-year-old Bradley Alexander was slumped over his steering
wheel in the center lane just before midnight last month.

The officer said Alexander offered to pay $200 not to jail him and continued to
try to bribe her even after she warned him he could face bribery charges.
Alexander's blood alcohol level was .27, more than three times the legal limit.
He has since been released from the Morgan County Jail.

To see more of WXIN-TV, Indianapolis, go to http://www.fox59.com/ Copyright (c)
2011, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110310-5IN-BRF-Man-arrested-after-trying-to-bribe
-police-officer-0310-20110310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2011 WXIN-TV


                             160 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Virginia Subcontractor Pleads Guilty to Bribery

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:


Dwayne Allen Hardman, 44, of Charleston, W.V., pleaded guilty today to paying
bribes to public officials.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Dana J. Boente, Acting U.S. Attorney for the Eastern
District of Virginia, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense
Criminal Investigative Service Mid-Atlantic Field Office (DCIS), Acting
Executive Assistant Director Charles T. May Jr. of the Naval Criminal
Investigative Service (NCIS) Atlantic Operations and Special Agent in Charge
Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field Office made the announcement after
the plea was accepted by U.S. Magistrate Judge Douglas E. Miller in the Eastern
District of Virginia.

Hardman was charged by criminal information on Feb. 12, 2014, with paying a
bribe to public officials. Hardman faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison
when he is sentenced on June 6, 2014.

According to a statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, in November
2004, Hardman and another businessman established a government contracting
corporation in Chesapeake, Va., to provide support to the Military Sealift
Command (MSC) on various telecommunications projects. Shortly thereafter, in
early 2005, Hardman and his business partner agreed to pay cash bribes to two
MSC officials in exchange for official action to steer government contracts to
Hardman's corporation. From March 2005 and until 2007, Hardman, his business
partner and others paid the MSC officials approximately $3,000 each month in
cash bribes. During this time, Hardman and his business partner withdrew
approximately $144,000 in cash, which was then provided to the two MSC officials
in exchange for their assistance in securing MSC contracting and subcontracting
business for Hardman's company.

According to court documents, in February 2009, Hardman left his former business
and formed another government contracting company in Chesapeake with another
businessman. The two MSC officials again agreed to steer contracting work to
Hardman's new company in exchange for receiving bribes from Hardman and his new
business partner. In May 2009, Hardman and his new business partner paid each of
the two MSC officials $25,000 in cash bribes.

On Feb. 12, 2014, one of the MSC officials, Kenny Toy, who was the Afloat
Programs Manager for MSC's N6 Command, Control, Communication and Computer
Systems Directorate, pleaded guilty to accepting bribes in conjunction with this
scheme.

This case was investigated by Special Agents of the FBI, the Naval Criminal
Investigative Service, and the Defense Criminal Investigative Service. Trial
Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie are prosecuting the case.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             161 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            December 14, 1998 Monday
                                  Late Edition

Olympic cities reject bid bribes claims

BYLINE: Stuart Washington with wire services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 554 words


A senior International Olympic Committee official has implied Sydney paid bribes
to win the right to host the Games, in sweeping allegations of corruption at the
highest levels of the Olympic movement.

But claims of bribery have been rejected outright by senior members of Sydney's
successful bid, including IOC members Mr Phil Coles and Mr Kevan Gosper.

Mr Marc Hodler, a member of the IOC's prestigious executive board, said in
Switzerland that four agents, including another IOC member, had bought and sold
votes for bidding cities over the past 10 years.

He estimated between 5 per cent and 7 per cent of the IOC's 115 members had
solicited bribes, claiming Atlanta's Games in 1996, the Nagano Winter Games in
1998, Sydney's Games in 2000 and Salt Lake City in 2002 had been affected.

"The price would be between $US500,000 ($810,000) and $US1 million for a number
of votes, a bloc," Mr Hodler said. If the city won, it would be charged a
further $US3-5 million.

Asked whether Sydney's election for the 2000 games was clean, Mr Hodler said: "I
would be surprised. I know what happened, but I don't want to disclose it.

"I can't imagine that Sydney is different from the others. I do not know. Sydney
pretends it is completely clean, clean, clean."

Mr Hodler, an 80-year-old Swiss lawyer, said there was one agent who boasted "no
city has ever won the Olympic Games without his help".

The allegations follow the weekend disclosure by the former Olympics Minister,
Mr Bruce Baird, that he had been asked - and had refused - to pay bribes in
exchange for IOC votes to help Sydney win its bid.

But Olympic insiders suggest the so-far unsubstantiated allegations result from
scrutiny of Mr Hodler in relation to continued investigations into alleged
financial misconduct by the Salt Lake City bid.

Mr Hodler, who is in charge of the IOC's Winter Games duties, has described as a
"bribe" the $US500,000 scholarship fund set up by Salt Lake that benefited the
relatives of six IOC members.

A SOCOG board member and former bid committee member, Mr John Valder, rejected
Mr Hodler's allegations about Sydney yesterday: "Without the faintest evidence
to the contrary, I must support the contention that Sydney's bid was clean," Mr
Valder said.

A spokesman for the Olympics Minister, Mr Michael Knight, said he was not in a
position to speak authoritatively about Sydney's bid, won before Mr Knight took
his present role, but Mr Hodler should reveal his evidence.

"If (Mr Hodler) has got something, it should be a case of put up or shut up,"
the spokesman said.

Mr Hodler's allegations caused shock waves internationally, with bid members
from Atlanta issuing a stern denial.

His allegations of corruption are not the first against the Olympic movement,
but are unusual in that they come from the heart of the powerful IOC club.

The IOC president, Mr Juan Antonio Samaranch, immediately distanced himself from
Mr Hodler's comments, stating he was not an official IOC spokesman.

Later, the IOC put out a written statement saying the "executive board
disassociated itself from allegations made by one of its members with the
Olympic bid process".

Mr Coles demanded an apology from Mr Hodler.

"It's an extraordinary outburst and I don't know what's got into him," Mr Coles
told ABC radio. "There was absolutely nothing untoward (about Sydney's bid) at
all."

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 1998 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             162 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Washington: Former Leavenworth Prison Guard Sentenced for Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 169  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  A former guard at the U.S. Penitentiary in Leavenworth was sentenced to two
years on probation Monday for taking bribes, Acting U.S. Attorney Tom Beall
said. In addition, he was ordered to serve six months home confinement and pay
$4,800 in fines.



 Michael Harston, 53, Kansas City, Mo., pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to accept bribes and one count of accepting bribes. In his plea, he
admitted accepting bribes to provide inmates with tobacco, which is contraband.
Inmates coordinated with their families and friends outside prison to pay
Harston. They paid Harston as much as $1,000 for one six-ounce can of Bugler
loose tobacco.

 Beall commended the FBI, the Justice Department's Office of Inspector General
Special, USP Leavenworth SIS and Assistant U.S. Attorney Leena Ramana for their
work on the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             163 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2016 Monday

Washington: Former Leavenworth Prison Guard Sentenced for Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 169  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



  A former guard at the U.S. Penitentiary in Leavenworth was sentenced to two
years on probation Monday for taking bribes, Acting U.S. Attorney Tom Beall
said. In addition, he was ordered to serve six months home confinement and pay
$4,800 in fines.



 Michael Harston, 53, Kansas City, Mo., pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to accept bribes and one count of accepting bribes. In his plea, he
admitted accepting bribes to provide inmates with tobacco, which is contraband.
Inmates coordinated with their families and friends outside prison to pay
Harston. They paid Harston as much as $1,000 for one six-ounce can of Bugler
loose tobacco.

 Beall commended the FBI, the Justice Department's Office of Inspector General
Special, USP Leavenworth SIS and Assistant U.S. Attorney Leena Ramana for their
work on the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             164 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Virginia Subcontractor Pleads Guilty to Bribery Offenses

LENGTH: 492  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Dwayne Allen Hardman, 44, of Charleston, West Virginia, pleaded guilty today to
paying bribes to public officials.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; Dana J. Boente, Acting U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District
of Virginia; Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service Mid-Atlantic Field Office (DCIS); Acting Executive
Assistant Director Charles T. May, Jr. of the Naval Criminal Investigative
Service (NCIS) Atlantic Operations; and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin
of the FBI's Norfolk Field Office made the announcement after the plea was
accepted by U.S. Magistrate Judge Douglas E. Miller in the Eastern District of
Virginia.

Hardman was charged by criminal information on February 12, 2014, with paying a
bribe to public officials. Hardman faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison
when he is sentenced on June 6, 2014.

According to a statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, in November
2004, Hardman and another businessman established a government contracting
corporation in Chesapeake, Virginia, to provide support to the Military Sealift
Command (MSC) on various telecommunications projects. Shortly thereafter, in
early 2005, Hardman and his business partner agreed to pay cash bribes to two
MSC officials in exchange for official action to steer government contracts to
Hardman's corporation. From March 2005 and until 2007, Hardman, his business
partner, and others paid the MSC officials approximately $3,000 each month in
cash bribes. During this time, Hardman and his business partner withdrew
approximately $144,000 in cash, which was then provided to the two MSC officials
in exchange for their assistance in securing MSC contracting and subcontracting
business for Hardman's company.

According to court documents, in February 2009, Hardman left his former business
and formed another government contracting company in Chesapeake with another
businessman. The two MSC officials again agreed to steer contracting work to
Hardman's new company in exchange for receiving bribes from Hardman and his new
business partner. In May 2009, Hardman and his new business partner paid each of
the two MSC officials $25,000 in cash bribes.

On February 12, 2014, one of the MSC officials, Kenny Toy, who was the afloat
programs manager for MSC's N6 Command, Control, Communication, and Computer
Systems Directorate, pleaded guilty to accepting bribes in conjunction with this
scheme.

This case was investigated by special agents of the FBI, the Naval Criminal
Investigative Service, and the Defense Criminal Investigative Service. Trial
Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie are prosecuting the case.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             165 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 13, 1997, Friday, Final Edition

Pay Up or Be Executed

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A28

LENGTH: 412 words


JUST WHEN THE conclusion of the exemplary McVeigh trial has begun to restore
faith in the judicial system, along comes a reminder of how bad things can be in
the courtroom when the person responsible for dispensing justice turns out to be
spectacularly corrupt. On Monday, the U.S. Supreme Court voted 9-0 in favor of a
convicted murderer who had been tried by such a judge. The corruption may not
have accounted for the death sentence that had been imposed. But the justices
decided that the allegations in this case were so shocking that refusing further
review would be a denial of due process.

William Bracy is no angel. He was convicted of three execution-style murders in
Chicago, and he is also under a death sentence for two unrelated killings in
Arizona. The Illinois trial was before Cook County Judge Thomas Maloney, who was
later convicted, following an extensive federal investigation known as
"Operation Greylord," of taking bribes from criminal defendants. As an attorney,
Mr. Maloney had ties to organized crime and routinely paid bribes to fix his
clients' cases. Once on the bench, he let it be known that justice was for sale
in his courtroom and, indeed, was unavailable without payment.

In June 1981, the judge appointed a former law associate who had bribed and
collected bribes for him to be Mr. Bracy's attorney. The case was hurried along
and scheduled for trial at the same time the judge was negotiating for bribes to
acquit defendants in two other murder cases. The latter were acquitted, and it
is Mr. Bracy's contention that his conviction and heavy sentence were a setup
designed to deflect any suspicion that the judge was taking bribes to fix
capital cases. The high court now says that this allegation is reasonable and
Mr. Bracy should have an opportunity to examine documents, question individuals
and gather evidence in support of his claim.

It is difficult to understand why Mr. Bracy's petition was unsuccessful in the
lower courts. Chief Justice Rehnquist wrote for the court on Monday that Judge
Maloney was "thoroughly steeped in corruption" and that any presumption of
judicial fairness had, in this case, "been soundly rebutted." Every justice
agreed. In recent years, the court has fairly been criticized for its many
decisions narrowing habeas corpus rights, even in capital cases. Monday's
ruling, which clearly recognized the need for extraordinary relief when
warranted, is a welcome contrast to that trend.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             166 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            April 25, 2002 Thursday

Bad rules breed corruption

BYLINE: EDWARD LOTTERMAN Columnist

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 803 words


Minneapolis, dot grrreat zesspool tovard vitch all the filth of Minnesota
efentually flows.

I was around 10 years old when George, a recent immigrant and an elder in our
Dutch Reformed church, delivered that assessment of Minnesota's largest city.

I was struck by the phrase "great cesspool," though it lost some punch when in
subsequent years I heard George also apply it to New York, Washington, D.C.,
Grand Rapids, Mich., (home of the denomination's headquarters) and even Sioux
Falls, S.D.

But it came to mind when yet another Minneapolis city councilman was indicted on
corruption charges last week. Following the Brian Herron case by less than a
year, Joe Biernat's legal problems may cause people to wonder if something is
rotten in Denmark.

There's not. In fact, there's less corruption in U.S. local government now than
at virtually any time in our past. Our sister city may have two cases in close
succession, but compared to either of the Twin Cities in the 1930s, Minneapolis
is closer to a clean lake than a cesspool.

But these incidents raise the larger economic question of why corruption occurs
and what economic function it plays in a society. Economists have gone back and
forth on this question.

These days many see corruption as a serious impediment to economic growth and
would have some advice for Minneapolis city leaders: Get rid of obsolete
regulations that motivate favors and bribes.

The traditional view was of corruption as a cultural issue. Corruption was seen
as a symptom of moral or cultural inferiority, particularly when perceived as an
aspect of another group such as "those Irishmen in Tammany Hall" or "those crazy
Brazilians." Corruption was a manifestation of ineffective government, many
said, and an explanation for lousy public services, but had no economic function
in itself.

A few decades ago, some economists began to see corruption, especially petty
varieties, as more benign, even positive.

In developing countries with ineffective taxing systems, it's hard to pay
policemen and inspectors enough to live on. Tacitly letting them take minor
bribes helped make police employment more attractive and allowed poor countries
to have more cops on the beat.

Yes, rich motorists got shaken down for bribes once in a while, but a visible
police presence deterred more serious crimes against people and assured basic
public order.

Paying bribes to expedite business applications was not good, but when countries
had the excessively bloated and centralized public administrations common in
ex-French, Portuguese and Spanish colonies, it was economically more efficient
than for business investment and innovation to languish.

More recently, the pendulum has swung the other way. Nobel Laureate James
Buchanan and his colleague Gordon Tullock looked at "rent-seeking" activity.
That is, efforts to gain wealth from others by manipulating laws or regulations
rather than by producing anything that was valuable in itself.

Corruption and rent seeking feed off each other. In a culture where bribes are
common, lawmakers and bureaucrats create laws that are difficult to obey, thus
generating more opportunities to collect bribes.

A Peruvian engineer, Hernando de Soto, investigated the steps necessary to set
up a legal small business under his country's heavy regulation of commerce. He
found it took months, many people and hundreds of legal steps to comply.

Because of this, most small businesses in Peru and many other developing
countries are technically illegal. The owners were not able to jump through
legal hoops required to establish their enterprises legally.

The rent-seeking theoreticians and applied scholars like De Soto hold the
intellectual upper hand right now. And their insights prompt some advice to
government leaders everywhere. Get rid of regulations that serve little purpose,
but offer opportunities for favors or outright bribes.

Council member Biernat allegedly appointed someone to a city board that licenses
plumbers to work in Minneapolis. In exchange, he received some $2,500 worth of
free plumbing at a property he owns.

With state licensing of plumbers and a statewide plumbing code, why does
Minneapolis need a board to examine plumbers to determine their competency?

This board is a silly holdover from the guild system, and even when administered
without bribes, serves principally to restrict the supply and raise the cost of
plumbing in that city. The potential for favoritism and petty graft is inherent
in many municipal functions that are vital and necessary.

City governments shouldn't amplify this necessary danger by maintaining
additional superfluous bodies and functions that serve only as magnets for
corrupt activity.

Edward Lotterman can be reached at elotterman@pioneerpress.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             167 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Arizona: New Jersey Doctor Sentenced to More Than Three Years in Prison for
Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals Scheme Involving New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

NEWARK, NJ--A doctor with an office in North Arlington, New Jersey, was
sentenced today to 37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test
referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president, and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Angelo Calabrese, 57, of Pine Brook, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.

Including Calabrese, 37 people--25 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Calabrese admitted accepting more than $130,000 in bribes to refer at least
$600,000 in lab business to BLS. From 2010 through 2013, Calabrese received over
$4,500 per month from BLS through sham consulting and rental agreements.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Calabrese to serve one
year of supervised release and ordered him to pay a fine of $5,000. As part of
his guilty plea, Calabrese must forfeit $334,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             168 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD.)

                           March 15, 2000, Wednesday

175 Truckers Paid Bribes for Illinois Licenses

SECTION: Pg. 1Csum

LENGTH: 221 words


Illinois authorities have notified 11 states to be on the lookout for 175
truckers who may have paid bribes to get their licenses. The disclosure is the
latest in a scandal involving the granting of licenses to drivers in return for
bribes when Gov. George Ryan was secretary of state. The driver's license
program is under the secretary of state's office. Federal prosecutors say at
least $ 170,000 of the bribe money was used to buy tickets to Ryan fund-raisers.
The money was paid to workers and managers of license-testing facilities,
including a former manager who said she received $ 80,000 in payoffs from a
trucking company executive. So far, 30 people have been charged in the 19-month
federal investigation. Ryan has repeatedly denied any involvement and has not
been charged. The 175 truckers involved traded their Illinois licenses for
licenses in states where they now live. Many were likely issued with no
additional testing because states often honor licenses issued elsewhere. More
than 1,000 truckers in Illinois have been ordered to retake licensing tests. Of
the 510 retested so far, 171 passed and kept their licenses. (The 11 states
notified are New York, California, New Jersey, Massachusetts, Pennsylvania,
Ohio, Georgia, North Carolina, Florida, Indiana and Michigan.) -- From wire
reports

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 The Daily Record Co.


                             169 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Physician's Assistant Admits Taking More Than $70,000 in Bribes in
Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 636  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Staten Island, New York, physician's assistant today admitted accepting bribes
in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme
operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New
Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced. Leonard Marchetta, 48, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge
Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him with
one count of accepting bribes.

Including Marchetta, 36 people--24 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme--which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.5 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Marchetta admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $3,000 per month. Marchetta's
referrals generated approximately $660,000 in lab business for BLS. On April 9,
2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes, New Jersey,
Scott Nicoll, 34, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and David Nicoll's
brother, and Craig Nordman, 36, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS employee and the
CEO of Advantech Sales LLC--one of several entities used by BLS to make illegal
payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the bribery conspiracy,
along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 45, of Boonton, New Jersey. In
June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four other associates of BLS
pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement. Santangelo, a doctor,
pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his role in the scheme

The bribery count to which Marchetta pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
June 17, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, Marchetta must forfeit $72,000,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             170 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Former New York City Council Member Daniel Halloran Sentenced in
White Plains Federal Court to 10 Years in Prison for Role in Bribery and Fraud
Schemes

LENGTH: 857  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that former New York City Council Member DANIEL HALLORAN was sentenced
today in White Plains federal court to 10 years in prison in connection with his
role in arranging the bribery of New York City Republican leaders to allow New
York State Senator Malcolm Smith, a Democrat, to run as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, and accepting a $15,000 cash bribe in exchange
for designating up to $80,000 in New York City funds to a non-profit entity that
would allow the money to be embezzled through a no-show job. HALLORAN was
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kenneth M. Karas, who presided over the
two-month trial that resulted in Halloran's conviction in August 2014.

U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "When elected officials, like Daniel Halloran,
not only corrupt themselves but, unseen, corrupt the body politic from within
they undermine the public's confidence in a representative form of government. I
would like to thank our law enforcement partners at the FBI and the Rockland
County District Attorney's Office for working with us to ensure that the
defendant was pursued, prosecuted, and faced justice."

According to the Complaint and the Indictment filed in federal court, the
evidence admitted at trial, and statements made at various proceedings in this
case, including today's sentencing:

HALLORAN was elected to the New York City Council in 2009, representing a
district in Queens, New York. While a member of the city council, HALLORAN
participated in two overlapping criminal schemes that involved the payment of
bribes to obtain official action. First, HALLORAN arranged for $110,000 in cash
bribes to be paid to leaders of the Republican Party so that they would allow
Smith to run for mayor on the Republican Party's ballot line. Second, HALLORAN
accepted an up-front kickback of $15,000 for designating up to $80,000 of New
York City Council discretionary funding to a company he believed was controlled
by those who paid him the bribes.

The Bribery of Republican Party Leaders

From November 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN agreed with Smith,
an undercover FBI agent posing as a wealthy real estate developer (the "UC"),
and a cooperating witness ("CW") to bribe New York City Republican Party leaders
in exchange for their authorization of Smith to appear as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, even though Smith is a registered Democrat.

In furtherance of the scheme, HALLORAN arranged for the UC and the CW to meet
Vincent Tabone, the Vice Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party, Joseph
Savino, the Chairman of the Bronx County Republican Party, and other party
leaders. HALLORAN also negotiated the size of bribes that the party leaders
required in order to authorize Smith to run on the Republican ballot line.
During a meeting with the UC, Tabone accepted a $25,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $25,000 after his committee authorized Smith to compete in the
Republican primary. Savino similarly accepted a $15,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $15,000 after he voted to authorize Smith to compete for the
Republican ballot line. In return for his efforts, HALLORAN accepted $15,500 as
a down payment on a "broker's" fee of at least $75,000 and expected to be
appointed First Deputy Mayor if Smith was elected mayor.

Bribery for City Council Discretionary Funding

From August 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN accepted an up-front
kickback of $15,000 cash from the UC and the CW in exchange for agreeing to
steer up to $80,000 in New York City Council discretionary funding to a
consulting company he believed was controlled by the UC and the CW (the
"Company").

At a meeting on September 7, 2012, at which HALLORAN and the UC discussed
HALLORAN's need to raise money for his congressional campaign, HALLORAN agreed
to hire someone of the CW's choosing for a congressional staff or some
equivalent position, and to help him raise money for his campaign. During the
discussion, HALLORAN said: "That's politics, that's politics, it's all about how
much. Not whether or will, it's about how much, and that's our politicians in
New York, they're all like that...And they get like that because of the drive
that the money does for everything else. You can't do anything without the
f***ing money." During the meeting, the CW paid HALLORAN $7,500. And near the
end of the meeting, HALLORAN remarked: "Money is what greases the wheels - good
bad, or indifferent."

In furtherance of this scheme, HALLORAN wrote two letters on New York City
Council letterhead about this funding, one to civic organizations and the other
to the Company. Despite suggesting in these letters that work would be done by
the Company to support the allotment of taxpayer money, HALLORAN agreed with the
UC and the CW that the Company would provide no services.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             171 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           November 19, 2015 Thursday

New York Doctor Sentenced to More Than Three Years in Prison for Taking Bribes
in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 500  words


NEWARK, NJA doctor with a practice in Rockville Centre, New York, was sentenced
today to 46 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals
as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic
Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and
numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Brett Halper, 41, of Glen Head, New York, previously pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count
of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark federal
court.

Including Halper, 38 people26 of them doctorshave pleaded guilty in connection
with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved millions of
dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments to BLS from
Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation has so far
recovered more than $11.5 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Halper admitted that from January 2011 through April 2013, he accepted bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was often paid in excess
of $5,000 per month. Halper's referrals generated approximately $2,900,000 in
lab business for BLS.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Halper to serve two
years of supervised release and fined him $100,000. Halper must also forfeit
$325,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's sentence.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset
Forfeiture and Money Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

Defense counsel: Marc Agnifilo Esq., New York 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             172 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 31, 2001 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

City Employee Is Accused of Seeking Bribe

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 216 words


A city Department of Transportation employee was arrested on Thursday and
accused of seeking a bribe during the Manhattan Bridge reconstruction project,
officials said yesterday.

The employee, Nanda Chakravartti, the engineer in charge of the $127 million
project, asked for a 1 percent payoff in August 1999 from a contractor working
on the project, in return for helping the company increase its profits by using
more of its workers, said Edward J. Kuriansky, commissioner of the Department of
Investigation.

A law enforcement official said that investigators had not fixed a specific
dollar amount to the bribe, but that it would have run into the "tens of
thousands."

Mr. Chakravartti, 54, who earned more than $75,000 a year and has been suspended
without pay, was hired by the Transportation Department as a civil engineer in
1994 and was the engineer in charge of the Brooklyn Bridge reconstruction
project in 1997.

The engineer, who lives in Cherry Hill, N.J., was arrested after an
investigation by the Manhattan district attorney's office and the Department of
Investigation. He was charged with bribe-receiving in the third degree, a
felony, and criminal solicitation and official misconduct, both misdemeanors. If
convicted, he faces up to seven years in prison, the authorities said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             173 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 20, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Contractor Is Guilty Of Bribing Inspector On Asbestos Repair

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 7, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 391 words


A man who until two years ago headed the largest demolition business in the
country was convicted yesterday of bribing a Federal inspector to overlook
violations of laws on asbestos removal.

The defendant, Philip B. Schwab, was convicted of one count of giving a bribe of
$25,000 and another count of offering a second $25,000 bribe by a jury that
deliberated five hours in United States District Court in Brooklyn. The trial,
before Judge Eugene H. Nickerson, lasted six days.

At the trial, Mr. Schwab took the stand to assert his innocence, contending he
had been playing tennis in Florida when he was said to have bribed the
Environmental Protection Agency inspector, Howard Stecker. Mr. Stecker, who is
expected to plead guilty to receiving a bribe, testified for the prosecution
that he met Mr. Schwab in February 1986 at a diner in Florida, took the bribe,
and was later offered another payoff.

Until Mr. Schwab and his companies were forced into bankruptcy in November 1986,
with outstanding loans of $400 million, he headed 25 companies, many with the
same name, the Cuyahoga Wrecking Company, a prosecutor, George B. Daniels, said.
Mr. Daniels described the business as the largest in the nation.

Hospitals, Theater and Stadium

One project mentioned in connection with the bribe that was paid was a
renovation at St. Vincent's Hospital. Other projects that the company worked on
were the Columbia-Presbyterian Medical Center, the Daily News Building, the
Helen Hayes Theater and Yankee Stadium.

Mr. Schwab, who is 60 years old and lives in Pelham Manor, N.Y., and Ocean
Ridge, Fla., north of Fort Lauderdale, is to be sentenced Dec. 9. He could
receive prison terms of 15 years and fines of $250,000 on each bribery count.

Mr. Schwab was one of 25 officials from 23 companies involved in asbestos
removal and disposal who were arrested last January and charged with bribing Mr.
Stecker, who, until late in 1984, was the lone inspector monitoring asbestos
removal in the New York metropolitan region.

The Federal inspection effort has increased, and the City Department of
Environmental Protection is monitoring asbestos removal in renovations.

When the arrests were announced, the Federal authorities said they did not
believe the bribe had resulted in hazards to the public, because the work sites
had been sealed off.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             174 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Arizona: Jury Convicts Former Detroit City Treasurer, Pension Officials of
Conspiring to Defraud Pensioners Through Bribery

LENGTH: 1110  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

The former Treasurer of the City of Detroit and two former pension officials
were convicted by a federal jury of conspiring to defraud retirees through
bribery and kickbacks, U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today.

Joining McQuade in the announcement was Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Detroit, Jarod Koopman, Special Agent
in Charge of the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigations, and James
Vanderberg, Special Agent in Charge, Department of Labor, Office of Labor
Racketeering and Fraud Investigations, Chicago Regional Office.

Jeffrey Beasley, 45, of Chicago, Illinois, the former Treasurer of the City of
Detroit, Ronald Zajac, 70, of Northville, Michigan, the former General Counsel
of Detroit's two pension systems for more than 30 years, and Paul Stewart, 57 of
Detroit, a trustee of Detroit's Police and Fire Retirement System, were
convicted following a two-month jury trial before U.S. District Judge Nancy G.
Edmunds. All three defendants were convicted of conspiring to defraud the city's
pensioners of the honest services to which they were entitled by accepting
bribes. In addition, Beasley was convicted of two counts of extortion and one
count of bribery. Beasley was acquitted on three other counts of extortion.

The evidence at trial showed that Detroit's two retirement systems lost more $97
million on pension deals corrupted by bribes and kickbacks taken or paid by the
defendants. Beasley, Zajac, and Stewart conspired with each other and with
former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and others to take bribes and kickbacks in
return for votes on investment decisions made by the boards of trustees of
Detroit's two pension systems.

Beasley forced investment sponsors and consultants to pay Bernard Kilpatrick
hundreds of thousands of dollars in exchange for his support of their proposed
pension investments. Beasley also accepted tens of thousands of dollars in cash
from investment sponsors and consultants in exchange for his support of their
pension deals.

As part of the conspiracy, Zajac organized so-called "birthday parties" for
Beasley, Stewart, and another trustees. At the parties, people having business
before the pension systems gave each trustee thousands of dollars in cash. Zajac
also directed investment sponsors and pension consultants to give thousands of
dollars in cash and entertainment to Beasley and Stewart. Zajac also demanded
that an investment sponsor pay for a trip to London for Zajac and a pension
trustee in exchange for a $10 million investment in Detroit pension money.

During the conspiracy, Stewart accepted more than $48,000 in cash, trips, meals,
drinks and other things of value in return for his support on pension deals
proposed by the givers of the bribes. Among other things, Stewart accepted a
Christmas basket stuffed with cash, a $5,000 Greektown casino chip, and a $4,000
trip to the Ritz-Carlton in Naples, Florida.

McQuade said, "These defendants breached their duties to retirees by basing
their investment decisions on bribes. Their greed cost retirees almost $100
million in losses to pension funds. In light of all of the sacrifices made by
Detroit retirees, we are gratified that the jury has brought these corrupt
pension officials to justice." "The perpetrators in this case criminally
conspired with one another to sell their influence over the city's pension
systems," stated Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit
Field Office. "Their breach of the public's faith and their fiduciary
responsibilities to Detroit retirees resulted in nearly $100 million in losses.
The FBI, along with its law enforcement partners, will continue to aggressively
pursue and bring to justice those who abuse the public's trust and enrich
themselves at the cost of our communities."

Based on the jury's guilty verdicts for conspiring to engage in honest services
mail and wire fraud, Beasley, Zajac, and Stewart each face a maximum of twenty
years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. In addition, Beasley also faces an
additional twenty years in prison and a fine of $250,000 for each of his two
convictions for extortion, and an additional ten years in prison and a fine of
$250,000 for his bribery conviction. Their sentences will be based on sentencing
guidelines and other statutory factors

In addition, a number of other defendants have been convicted in relation to the
pension fund investigation, including:

Roy Dixon, an investment sponsor convicted of conspiring with Beasley, Zajac,
and Stewart to pay bribes;
    Monica Conyers, a former Trustee of the General Retirement System and former
member of the Detroit City Council, for conspiracy to take bribes, including
bribes relating to a proposed multi-million dollar pension fund investment in
Wireless Resources and a $10,000 extortion payment relating to the Police and
Fire Retirement System's investment in the Romulus Deep Injection Waste Well;
    Samuel L. Riddle, Conyers' Chief of Staff, for conspiracy to commit bribery
and extortion relating to the Wireless Resources and Romulus Deep Injection Well
investments;
    DeDan Milton, a former Trustee of Detroit's two pension funds;
    Andrew Park, an owner of Asian Village, who paid a bribe to obtain a $2.75
million loan from Detroit's General Retirement System;
    Derrick Miller, former Chief Information Officer of Detroit, who accepted
the bribe from Park and who took a kickback of more than $500,000 on a $44
million investment by Detroit's two pension funds;
    Chauncey Mayfield, for conspiracy to commit bribery with Treasurer Beasley
by supplying Beasley and Kwame Kilpatrick with tens of thousands of dollars in
hotel, entertainment, and private jet flights, as well as a job for Beasley's
paramour and significant contributions to the Kilpatrick Civic Fund, all in
return for maintaining Mayfield's position as an investment advisor controlling
more than $200 million in pension fund money; andGeorge Stanton, the former
Chief of Staff of a pension trustee, who accepted a $15,000 cash bribe from
Dixon relating to a proposed investment in the Turks and Caicos Islands.

The case was investigated by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the
Internal Revenue Service, and the Department of Labor, Office of Inspector
General, Office of Labor Racketeering and Fraud Investigations. It is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Robert Cares, David A. Gardey,
and Stephanie Dawkins Davis.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             175 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

California Supreme Court to hear arguments in San Bernardino County corruption
case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


The state Supreme Court has agreed to review a public corruption case in San
Bernardino County and decide whether bribery charges should be reinstated
against a prominent Rancho Cucamonga developer.

But the state s highest court upheld a lower court ruling to dismiss a
conflict-of-interest charge against the developer, Jeff Burum.

The high court, which published its decision to review the case on Wednesday,
has yet to schedule a date to hear oral arguments.

Specifically, the state Supreme Court justices will decide on the following
question brought forth by state and local prosecutors: Can a defendant be
charged with both offering a bribe to another person and aiding and abetting the
receipt of the bribe by that person?

Prosecutors allege Burum gave a total of $400,000 in bribes to county officials,
but charged him with four felony bribery counts alleging he aided and abetted
county officials in the receipt of those bribes.

A criminal grand juryindicted Burum and three county officials in May 2011 in a
corruption case involving a $102 million legal settlement between the county and
Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, which prosecutors say was tainted
by bribery, blackmail and extortion.

Also charged in the case are former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants maintain their innocence.

In August 2011, San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, citing
prosecutorial error,dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum,
including all bribery charges, and some of the charges against the other
defendants.

McCarville determined that a person accused of giving bribes cannot also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

Prosecutors appealed to the state 4th District Court of Appeals in
Riverside,which affirmed McCarville s decision on the bribery charges but
reversed his decision on a misappropriation-of-public-funds charge he tossed
out. The appellate court reinstated the charge of misappropriation of public
funds but dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge McCarville had initially let
stand.

Prosecutors argued that the law contains no such exemption in terms of how
bribery is charged and that the facts should determine whether such charges are
warranted. They say their case has been thwarted by bribery laws they say
failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards  and conflict with
other court decisions.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, declined to comment Thursday. He previously
said both the trial court and appellate court recognize that the case was
grossly overcharged and the majority of charges against Burum were legally
defective.

District Attorney Michael A. Ramos did not respond to a request for comment
Thursday.

The landmark settlement stemmed from a nearly five-year legal battle between the
county and Colonies Partners over who was responsible for flood-control
improvements on the 434-acre residential and commercial development in Upland by
Colonies Partners.

Burum argued the flood-control easements on Colonies  property were the county s
responsibility for improvements to protect residents from a 100-year flood. The
county maintained the burden fell on the developer.

In November 2006, after several heated meetings with an arbitrator, the county
Board of Supervisors approved on a 3-2 vote the $102 million settlement with
Colonies Partners. Neither county counsel nor outside counsel retained by the
county signed off on the settlement and called it a  gift of public funds.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             176 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             October 4, 2013 Friday

State Supreme Court to hear arguments in San Bernardino County corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


The state Supreme Court has agreed to review a public corruption case in San
Bernardino County and decide whether bribery charges should be reinstated
against a prominent Rancho Cucamonga developer.

But the state s highest court upheld a lower court ruling to dismiss a
conflict-of-interest charge against the developer, Jeff Burum.

The high court, which published its decision to review the case on Wednesday,
has yet to schedule a date to hear oral arguments.

Specifically, the state Supreme Court justices will decide on the following
question brought forth by state and local prosecutors: Can a defendant be
charged with both offering a bribe to another person and aiding and abetting the
receipt of the bribe by that person?

Prosecutors allege Burum gave a total of $400,000 in bribes to county officials,
but charged him with four felony bribery counts alleging he aided and abetted
county officials in the receipt of those bribes.

A criminal grand juryindicted Burum and three county officials in May 2011 in a
corruption case involving a $102 million legal settlement between the county and
Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, which prosecutors say was tainted
by bribery, blackmail and extortion.

Also charged in the case are former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants maintain their innocence.

In August 2011, San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, citing
prosecutorial error,dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum,
including all bribery charges, and some of the charges against the other
defendants.

McCarville determined that a person accused of giving bribes cannot also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

Prosecutors appealed to the state 4th District Court of Appeals in
Riverside,which affirmed McCarville s decision on the bribery charges but
reversed his decision on a misappropriation-of-public-funds charge he tossed
out. The appellate court reinstated the charge of misappropriation of public
funds but dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge McCarville had initially let
stand.

Prosecutors argued that the law contains no such exemption in terms of how
bribery is charged and that the facts should determine whether such charges are
warranted. They say their case has been thwarted by bribery laws they say
failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards  and conflict with
other court decisions.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, declined to comment Thursday. He previously
said both the trial court and appellate court recognize that the case was
grossly overcharged and the majority of charges against Burum were legally
defective.

District Attorney Michael A. Ramos did not respond to a request for comment
Thursday.

The landmark settlement stemmed from a nearly five-year legal battle between the
county and Colonies Partners over who was responsible for flood-control
improvements on the 434-acre residential and commercial development in Upland by
Colonies Partners.

Burum argued the flood-control easements on Colonies  property were the county s
responsibility for improvements to protect residents from a 100-year flood. The
county maintained the burden fell on the developer.

In November 2006, after several heated meetings with an arbitrator, the county
Board of Supervisors approved on a 3-2 vote the $102 million settlement with
Colonies Partners. Neither county counsel nor outside counsel retained by the
county signed off on the settlement and called it a  gift of public funds.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             177 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

State Supreme Court to hear arguments in San Bernardino County corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


The state Supreme Court has agreed to review a public corruption case in San
Bernardino County and decide whether bribery charges should be reinstated
against a prominent Rancho Cucamonga developer.

But the state s highest court upheld a lower court ruling to dismiss a
conflict-of-interest charge against the developer, Jeff Burum.

The high court, which published its decision to review the case on Wednesday,
has yet to schedule a date to hear oral arguments.

Specifically, the state Supreme Court justices will decide on the following
question brought forth by state and local prosecutors: Can a defendant be
charged with both offering a bribe to another person and aiding and abetting the
receipt of the bribe by that person?

Prosecutors allege Burum gave a total of $400,000 in bribes to county officials,
but charged him with four felony bribery counts alleging he aided and abetted
county officials in the receipt of those bribes.

A criminal grand juryindicted Burum and three county officials in May 2011 in a
corruption case involving a $102 million legal settlement between the county and
Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, which prosecutors say was tainted
by bribery, blackmail and extortion.

Also charged in the case are former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants maintain their innocence.

In August 2011, San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, citing
prosecutorial error,dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum,
including all bribery charges, and some of the charges against the other
defendants.

McCarville determined that a person accused of giving bribes cannot also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

Prosecutors appealed to the state 4th District Court of Appeals in
Riverside,which affirmed McCarville s decision on the bribery charges but
reversed his decision on a misappropriation-of-public-funds charge he tossed
out. The appellate court reinstated the charge of misappropriation of public
funds but dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge McCarville had initially let
stand.

Prosecutors argued that the law contains no such exemption in terms of how
bribery is charged and that the facts should determine whether such charges are
warranted. They say their case has been thwarted by bribery laws they say
failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards  and conflict with
other court decisions.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, declined to comment Thursday. He previously
said both the trial court and appellate court recognize that the case was
grossly overcharged and the majority of charges against Burum were legally
defective.

District Attorney Michael A. Ramos did not respond to a request for comment
Thursday.

The landmark settlement stemmed from a nearly five-year legal battle between the
county and Colonies Partners over who was responsible for flood-control
improvements on the 434-acre residential and commercial development in Upland by
Colonies Partners.

Burum argued the flood-control easements on Colonies  property were the county s
responsibility for improvements to protect residents from a 100-year flood. The
county maintained the burden fell on the developer.

In November 2006, after several heated meetings with an arbitrator, the county
Board of Supervisors approved on a 3-2 vote the $102 million settlement with
Colonies Partners. Neither county counsel nor outside counsel retained by the
county signed off on the settlement and called it a  gift of public funds.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             178 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            October 3, 2013 Thursday

State Supreme Court to hear arguments in San Bernardino County corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 604 words


The state Supreme Court has agreed to review a public corruption case in San
Bernardino County and decide whether bribery charges should be reinstated
against a prominent Rancho Cucamonga developer.

But the state s highest court upheld a lower court ruling to dismiss a
conflict-of-interest charge against the developer, Jeff Burum.

The high court, which published its decision to review the case on Wednesday,
has yet to schedule a date to hear oral arguments.

Specifically, the state Supreme Court justices will decide on the following
question brought forth by state and local prosecutors: Can a defendant be
charged with both offering a bribe to another person and aiding and abetting the
receipt of the bribe by that person?

Prosecutors allege Burum gave a total of $400,000 in bribes to county officials,
but charged him with four felony bribery counts alleging he aided and abetted
county officials in the receipt of those bribes.

A criminal grand juryindicted Burum and three county officials in May 2011 in a
corruption case involving a $102 million legal settlement between the county and
Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, which prosecutors say was tainted
by bribery, blackmail and extortion.

Also charged in the case are former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants maintain their innocence.

In August 2011, San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, citing
prosecutorial error,dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum,
including all bribery charges, and some of the charges against the other
defendants.

McCarville determined that a person accused of giving bribes cannot also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

Prosecutors appealed to the state 4th District Court of Appeals in
Riverside,which affirmed McCarville s decision on the bribery charges but
reversed his decision on a misappropriation-of-public-funds charge he tossed
out. The appellate court reinstated the charge of misappropriation of public
funds but dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge McCarville had initially let
stand.

Prosecutors argued that the law contains no such exemption in terms of how
bribery is charged and that the facts should determine whether such charges are
warranted. They say their case has been thwarted by bribery laws they say
failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards  and conflict with
other court decisions.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, declined to comment Thursday. He previously
said both the trial court and appellate court recognize that the case was
grossly overcharged and the majority of charges against Burum were legally
defective.

District Attorney Michael A. Ramos did not respond to a request for comment
Thursday.

The landmark settlement stemmed from a nearly five-year legal battle between the
county and Colonies Partners over who was responsible for flood-control
improvements on the 434-acre residential and commercial development in Upland by
Colonies Partners.

Burum argued the flood-control easements on Colonies  property were the county s
responsibility for improvements to protect residents from a 100-year flood. The
county maintained the burden fell on the developer.

In November 2006, after several heated meetings with an arbitrator, the county
Board of Supervisors approved on a 3-2 vote the $102 million settlement with
Colonies Partners. Neither county counsel nor outside counsel retained by the
county signed off on the settlement and called it a  gift of public funds.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             179 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Doctor Sentenced To Two Years In Prison For Taking Bribes In Test-Referrals
Scheme With New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 592  words


NEWARK, N.J.  A doctor with a medical practice in Randolph, New Jersey was
sentenced today to 24 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test
referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Gary Safier, 73, of Randolph, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count
of accepting bribes and one count of filing a false tax return. Judge Chesler
imposed the sentence today in Newark federal court.

Including Safier, 39 people  27 of them physicians  have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. It is believed to
be the largest number of medical professionals ever prosecuted in a bribery
case. The investigation has to date recovered more than $12 million through
forfeiture. A 28th physician  Bernard Greenspan  was indicted in March. His
trial is scheduled for September 2016.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Safier admitted that from August 2007 through March 2013, he accepted bribes in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS. Initially, the bribes were
paid under the guise of bogus lease and service agreements between BLS and his
medical office. Later, BLS paid Safier in monthly cash payments that, at times,
exceeded $10,000 per month. According to the information, the total amount of
bribes paid by BLS to Safier from the sham agreements and cash payments exceeded
$353,000.

Safier also admitted that on his federal tax returns for 2010 and 2011, he
failed to report $90,000 in bribes he received from BLS.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Safier to two years of
supervised release. He must also forfeit $353,152.84.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Assistant Inspector in Charge James
R. Buthorn; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J.
Lampert; and IRSCriminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Jonathan D. Larsen with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish,
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorneys
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the offices Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorneys Office shortly after taking office, including creating
a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $1.29 billion in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel: Raymond M. Brown Esq., Woodbridge, New Jersey 2016 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             180 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 22, 1981, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

INDICTED JERSEY JUDGE FACES A 2D BRIBE CHARGE

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 43, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: TRENTON, Nov. 21


A grand jury has accused a Camden County Superior Court judge of not only taking
a $15,000 bribe he has been arrested for accepting, but also soliciting a second
bribe for $35,000 in an unrelated case.

An indictment handed up Friday said that the judge, Peter Coruzzi of
Haddonfield, had conspired to solicit $35,000 from a man convicted of drug and
weapons charges in return for a promise of a lenient sentence.

Judge Coruzzi was arrested two weeks ago and charged with taking $15,000 from a
man due to be sentenced in an arson case.  In the indictment, Judge Coruzzi was
charged with one count of conspiracy, one count of official misconduct and three
counts of bribery. An investigation is continuing, said Edwin Stier, director of
the State Division of Criminal Justice.

Arrested at Courthouse

The 54-year-old judge was arrested Nov. 6 as he entered the Camden County
Courthouse, reportedly with $12,000 cash in his pocket.  State law enforcement
officials have said the $12,000 was part of a $20,000 payment split between
Judge Coruzzi and a Maple Shade lawyer, Louis Caggiano, who cooperated with
authorities in the case.  Mr. Caggiano, who was not indicted but faces ethics
charges before the State Supreme Court, assertedly took $5,000 while the judge
kept $15,000.

The lawyer, who was suspended from practicing law and faces disbarment, was said
to have solicited the bribe from Sergio Morselli, who was scheduled to be
sentenced by Judge Coruzzi on an arson conviction.

Mr. Morselli was convicted of setting fire to his Lindenwold restaurant and
bilking an insurance company of $50,000.

Lawyer Wore Tape Recorder

State officials said Mr. Caggiano had approached Mr. Morselli with an offer to
guarantee a noncustodial sentence if he paid $20,000. Mr. Morselli was said to
have paid a $5,500 installment and alerted authorities.

During the subsequent investigation, Mr. Morselli was said to have paid the
remaining $14,500 to Mr. Caggiano, who was then confronted by state officials.
Authorities said Mr. Caggiano eventually cooperated by wearing a hidden tape
recorder and implicating Judge Coruzzi.

The indictment also charged Judge Coruzzi with conspiring with Mr.  Caggiano to
solicit a $35,000 bribe from William Keyser, who faced sentencing on drug,
weapons and robbery charges. Judge Coruzzi reportedly was to keep $25,000 of the
bribe in return for imposing a noncustodial sentence on Mr. Keyser.

Meeting at Courthouse Cited

The indictment said Judge Coruzzi and Mr. Caggiano met at the Camden County
Courthouse in July and discussed a plan under which the $35,000 bribe would be
proposed to Mr. Keyser though an unnamed lawyer.

Mr. Caggiano met with the lawyer in October to discuss the scheme, the
indictment said. However, the indictment did not say whether any of the money
had actually been paid or whether the lawyer had agreed to participate in the
deal.

Judge Coruzzi's trial, the date of which was not set, will be heard in Essex
County. He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $100,000 fine on each count.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             181 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Two Doctors and a Salesman Admit Roles in Bribes-for-Test-Referrals
Scheme Involving New Jersey Clinical Laboratory

LENGTH: 1091  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Two New Jersey doctors and a company salesman pleaded guilty today to their
roles in a long-running bribes-for-test-referrals scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey; its
president; and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Angelo Calabrese, 56, of Pine Brook, New Jersey; Paul Ostergaard, 72, of Pompton
Plains, New Jersey; and David McCann, 45, of Lyndhurst, New Jersey, all pleaded
guilty today before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal
court.

Calabrese, a doctor with an office in North Arlington, New Jersey, pleaded
guilty to an information charging him with violating the Travel Act and admitted
accepting more than $130,000 in bribes to refer at least $600,000 in lab
business to BLS. Ostergaard, a doctor with an office in Pompton Plains, New
Jersey, pleaded guilty to an information charging him with violating the Travel
Act and admitted accepting more than $50,000 in bribes to refer at least
$150,000 in lab business to BLS. McCann pleaded guilty to an information
charging him with conspiring to violate the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Travel
Act and admitted paying thousands of dollars in cash to doctors on behalf of
BLS.

With today's guilty pleas, 17 people have now pleaded guilty in connection with
the sophisticated BLS bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted
involved the payment of millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than
$100 million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies.

"We are continuing to pursue those defendants, including doctors, who put
personal profits ahead of patient care," U.S. Attorney Fishman said. "Patients
need to be confident that their doctors are recommending providers who are best
qualified to perform medically necessary tests. Those doctors who recommended
providers in return for payoffs should know we are coming after them."

"As is evident in the pleas entered today, and the investigation into the
illegal activity of Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services, the FBI Newark takes very
seriously the allegations of health care fraud, bribes, and kickbacks," FBI
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford said. "This investigation and prosecution
remains ongoing, and those medical professionals that decided to make medical
referrals in exchange for bribes are expected to be brought to justice. These
pleas today are a direct result of the joint efforts of Health and Human
Services-Office of Inspector General, United States Postal Inspection Service,
Internal Revenue Service, and Federal Bureau of Investigation."

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Calabrese received more than $130,000 from BLS between 2010 and 2013 through a
sham consulting agreement and a sham rental agreement, which combined to pay
Calabrese more than $4,500 per month in bribes from BLS. Craig Nordman, 34, of
Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC--one of
several entities used by BLS to make illegal payments--who pleaded guilty in
June to his role in the scheme, made many of the payments to Calabrese on behalf
of BLS.

Ostergaard received more than $50,000 from BLS between 2006 and 2009 through a
sham lease agreement and a sham service agreement. William Dailey, 42, of Wall,
New Jersey, a BLS salesman who pleaded guilty to his role in the scheme in May,
negotiated the sham agreements on behalf of BLS, with the knowledge and approval
of BLS's president, David Nicoll, 39, of Mountain Lakes, New Jersey. Ostergaard
admitted today that while he was being bribed to make referrals to BLS, he
noticed that BLS was adding tests that Ostergaard had not ordered for his
patients but stayed silent about the added tests.

McCann paid thousands of dollars in cash on a monthly basis between December
2011 and April 2013 to numerous physicians on behalf of BLS in exchange for the
doctors' referral of blood specimens to BLS.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll; Scott Nicoll, 32, of
Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and David Nicoll's brother; and
Nordman. They were charged by federal complaint with the bribery conspiracy,
along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 43, of Boonton, New Jersey. In
June, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman, and four other associates of BLS pleaded
guilty to charges related to their involvement. Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded
guilty last month to charges relating to his role in the scheme. So far, 11
employees or associates of BLS and six physicians have pleaded guilty to their
roles in the bribery scheme.

"Offering slush fund payments for medical referrals, ultimately paid for by
taxpayers, can have absolutely no place in our health care system," Thomas
O'Donnell, Special Agent in Charge of the Office of Inspector General at the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services region including New Jersey, said.
"Such schemes will continue to be vigorously investigated and prosecuted, and
these criminals will be brought to justice."

The bribery count to which Calabrese and Ostergaard pleaded guilty is punishable
by a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
McCann faces a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000
fine on the bribery conspiracy charge. Sentencing for all three defendants is
scheduled for March 13, 2014.

Calabrese and Ostergaard have also agreed to forfeit $334,000 and $53,900,
respectively. The investigation has so far recovered more than $3 million
through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen; and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the
direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the ongoing
investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             182 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 5, 1996, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Market Place;
Of Brokers and Bribes: a Federal Case

BYLINE: By FLOYD NORRIS

SECTION: Section D;  Page 1;  Column 2;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 995 words


In late 1993, the stock of Malvy Technology went crazy in the Nasdaq
small-capitalization market, rising from pennies a share to a peak of $6.56.
Unfortunately, those who bought were destined to suffer.

Today, the company, now renamed Metal Recovery Technologies, trades on the
over-the-counter Bulletin Board, having been delisted from Nasdaq in 1995. And
after a 1-for-20 reverse split, also in 1995, the stock trades for about 82
cents. In other words, the share that went for $6.56 is now worth about 4 cents,
for a 99 percent decline in less than three years.

Those who bought the stock may be inclined to dismiss the investment as an
unfortunate speculation, but yesterday Federal prosecutors provided another
explanation: at least some brokers who steered their clients into the stock were
bribed to do so. The person paying them was a stock promoter hired by Malvy.

Charges filed in Federal District Court in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., accused five
brokers for small firms of committing fraud by taking bribes from a stock
promoter named Harcourt Wiltshire, who had previously pleaded guilty to paying
such bribes. Three of the brokers were cited for taking bribes to sell Malvy
stock at prices ranging from $2.28 to $4.94 a share. Altogether, the brokers
were accused of taking bribes to sell seven different stocks.

Rick Murad, the assistant United States attorney prosecuting the case, said the
five brokers had agreed to plead guilty and cooperate in the investigation.

Officials of Metal Recovery, which is based in Houston, could not be reached for
comment. The number listed for the company is no longer in service.

The brokers who were charged with wire fraud and securities fraud were Simon D.
Baier, who worked for Joseph Roberts & Company and for Euro-Atlantic Securities
in Chicago; David W. D'Andrea, who worked for Barron Chase Securities in Boca
Raton, Fla.; Nicholas J. Giandomenico, who worked for Greenway Capital, Meyers
Pollock Robbins, Thomas James Associates and Barron Chase, in Florida and
Boston; Richard D. Henderson, who worked for Cohig & Associates in Chicago, and
Joseph Miceli Jr., who worked for Barron Chase in Boca Raton.

None of the brokerage firms were accused of complicity in the practice, in
which, according to the charges, the brokers were paid about 20 percent of what
their customers paid for the stock, on top of the normal commissions they were
paid by their firms. The payments were contingent on clients not selling the
stock without permission from the promoter.

These were the six other companies involved, according to the charges:

*Madison Sports and Entertainment Group of Fort Lauderdale. The brokers were
said to have sold investors shares at prices between $3.16 and $6.68. It closed
yesterday at $2.09 a share.

*U.S. Exploration of Independence, Kan. It now trades for $2.97 a share, in
contrast to the $1.37 to $7.09 paid by customers.

*Entertainment and Gaming International of Pompano Beach, Fla., now known as
Whitestone Industries. Investors paid $2.125 to $2.50 for shares now worth about
13 cents.

*Musicsource U.S.A. of Newport Beach, Calif. Investors paid 44 cents to $3.38
for shares now each worth 25 cents.

*Linium Technology of Miami, now called Value Holdings. Holders paid 51 cents to
$1.51 for shares now worth a tenth of a penny each.

*Wavetech of Tucson, Ariz. Holders paid $1.03 for shares worth 72 cents.

While the charges say the companies had retained the promoters, they do not
specifically contend that the companies were aware of the techniques that would
be used to sell their shares.

One thing most of the companies involved in these cases have in common is that
they were listed on the Bulletin Board or the Pink Sheets, places for companies
that cannot even be listed on Nasdaq's small capitalization list. While there
are good companies on the Bulletin Board, it is also a place where many dubious
ones are found.

Performance Nutrition
Dismisses Chairman

Another Bulletin Board company was in the news yesterday, expressing shock at
learning that its chairman and chief executive was a convicted felon.

Performance Nutrition Inc. said it had dismissed the chairman, Gary Lewellyn,
and the company's secretary and treasurer, Tamara Halling, and was investigating
the activities of the prior management as well as the accuracy of its past
financial statements.

The company said that the actions were taken following the publication of an
article noting Mr. Lewellyn's past, which included a prison term for embezzling
$16.7 million from an Iowa bank run by his father.

But the announcement did not note that the article in question ran in The Dallas
Observer, a weekly newspaper, on June 27. Since then, the stock price has fallen
from about $2.38 to 88 cents.

Performance Nutrition has been marketing a diet supplement as being beneficial
to children afflicted with attention deficit disorder.

If those officials really learned of Mr. Lewellyn's past from the newspaper
article, their diligence is open to question. In late 1994, the Securities and
Exchange Commission filed civil charges against Mr. Lewellyn and Charles
Bazarian, now in Federal prison on other charges, contending that they had
manipulated the stock of Performance Systems in driving it to a 1992 peak of
$8.125. Those charges, which are still pending, described his past.

It was not clear what the company thought might be wrong with the financial
statements. The Observer article did not criticize them or mention Ms. Halling,
who has an unlisted phone number and could not be reached for comment.

Yesterday's announcement of new management at Performance Systems named David
Wynne as the new corporate secretary. That is the same Mr. Wynne who earlier
sent a letter to the editor of The Dallas Observer, denouncing the article that
now is cited as having opened the eyes of those at the company. Mr. Wynne did
not return phone calls seeking comment yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                             183 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 5, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Ex-New York Official Told to Pay $10 Million in Bribe Case

BYLINE: By CALVIN SIMS

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 27; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 390 words


A former New York City official who pleaded guilty to taking $1.5 million in
bribes from landlords for arranging leases has been ordered to pay the city
$10.1 million for his crimes.

A Manhattan State Supreme Court jury ruled on Monday that Alex Liberman, a
former New York City director of leasing, was liable for violating the Federal
Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act and ordered him to pay the
city $3.75 million. Under the RICO statute, which has been used increasingly to
prosecute white-collar criminals, the jury's award will be tripled to $10.1
million, city officials said.

The city's Corporation Counsel, O. Peter Sherwood, said that the award
"illustrates bribe-giving is very hazardous business indeed." The city is suing
landlords and businesses who bribed Mr. Liberman, Mr. Sherwood said, and has
already collected $1.4 million through such claims.

No estimate was available of how much money the bribes cost the city.

As the city's chief lease negotiator from 1978 to 1983, Mr. Liberman arranged
hundreds of millions of dollars in leases throughout the city. In 1984, Mr.
Liberman pleaded guilty to accepting bribes from landlords seeking to rent space
in buildings owned by city agencies. Mr. Liberman served four and a half years
in Federal prison.

Mr. Sherwood said the city expected to recover a major portion of the award from
Mr. Liberman, possibly by seizing his assets, which include homes in Brooklyn
and Miami.

A man who identified himself as Alex Liberman and said he was a former city
lease negotiator said in a telephone interview from his Brooklyn home Friday
that he knew nothing of the jury award and hung up the phone.

When charges against Mr. Liberman first arose in 1983, officials under Mayor
Edward I. Koch said they would be willing to reduce demands for damages against
Mr. Liberman in exchange for his cooperation with investigators. But after
questioning Mr. Liberman, prosecutors said that they were not convinced that he
was telling what he knew or that he knew anything worth telling.

Mr. Liberman was prosecuted in 1984 in Federal court, where he pleaded guilty,
forfeited $500,000 to the Federal Government and was ordered to pay several
hundred dollars in tax arrears and penalties. The city then filed the civil
lawsuit against him to recover its damages.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             184 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Two New Jersey Doctors Sentenced to Prison for Taking Bribes in
Test-Referrals Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 554  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

NEWARK, NJ--Two New Jersey doctors were each sentenced today to prison for
accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running scheme
operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New
Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Wayne Lajewski, 51, of Madison, New Jersey and Glenn Leslie, 60, of Ramsey, New
Jersey, were sentenced to 14 months and 24 months in prison, respectively.
Lajewski and Leslie previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Stanley
R. Chesler to separate informations charging them each with one count of
accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentences today in Newark federal
court.

Including Lajewski and Leslie, 37 people--24 of them physicians--have pleaded
guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted
involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in
payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The
investigation has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Lajewski admitted he accepted cash bribes of $2,000 per month over two years in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received more
than $850,000. Leslie admitted accepting $5,000 per month in return for
referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received $380,000.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced both Lajewski and Leslie
to one year of supervised release and fined them $10,000 each. As part of their
guilty pleas, Lajewski must forfeit $48,000 and Leslie must forfeit $350,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencings.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             185 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                      August 8, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

Mahadevan launches anti-corruption website

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 620  words


Mumbai, Aug 8 (IBNS): Music director Shankar Mahadevan on Thursday launched
"Maine Rishwat Di" (hindi.ipaidabribe.com), the Hindi language version of
anti-corruption website ipaidabribe.com at an event hosted by Janaagraha, the
Bangalore based NGO.

Ipaidabribe.com is the world's largest crowdsourcing platform against corruption
focussed on the day-to-day demand for bribery faced by citizens.

In just three years of its launch, the site has recorded over twenty five lakh
visits and twenty thousand bribe stories from over four hundred cities and towns
in India.

The Hindi avtar of ipaidabribe "Maine Rishwat Di" is expected to reach over 600
million Hindi speaking citizens across India giving them an opportunity to
report their corruption and bribe experiences, and significantly contributing to
corruption data and trends.

Shankar Mahadevan Academy and Janaagraha are also running a global talent hunt
called "Mujhse Hogi Shuruat" for the best lyrics for an anti-corruption anthem.

Speaking at the event Shankar Mahadevan said "Shankar Mahadevan Academy ties
music with technology to spread the learning of Indian music. People like me in
the entertainment industry can contribute to social change through our work. The
Academy's and my collaboration with ipaidabribe and Maine Rishwat Di is
something I look forward to".

The noted singer who is also part of the Shankar-Ehsan-Loy trio said he would
sing the anti-corruption anthem that could then become a call to action to all
Indian citizens to join ipaidabribe.com and Maine Rishwat Di in their fight
against corruption.

Mahadevan announced that Pankaj Sinha, a contestant from Phoenix Arizona has
been chosen as the winner of the "Mujhse Hogi Shuruat" contest by the Shankar
Mahadevan Academy.

"It is important that citizens speak up and take action. The fight against
corruption will be a long journey. But I am confident ipaidabribe.com and Maine
Rishwat Di will achieve their lakshya," the singer said.

Laying emphasis on his point, the singer rendered his song from the Hindi movie
Lakshya.

Filmmaker Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, who was also present at the event said
"Janaagraha's work is all about social change that is action-orineted and does
not stop with talking. I feel honoured to be part of it"

Mobile Apps and SMS services facilitating bribe reporting by citizens were also
launched at the event. Citizens without access to smartphones or internet
connections can file a bribe report by sending a message to 56363.

Describing the impact of ipaidabribe.com and Maine Rishwat Di, Swati Ramanathan,
Co-Founder, Janaagraha said "ipaidabribe.com has succeeded in collecting data on
day to day bribes and corruption based on an innovative crowd sourcing model. It
also captures the anguish and distress that citizens experience when confronted
with demand for bribes. "

The website provides citizens a platform to not only narrate their story or
experience with bribes and corruption, but also aggregates data on amount of
each bribe, office and location where it was paid. Further, citizens also have
the option of reporting this to senior officials of the department where bribe
was paid, Vigilance department and to the media.

The site also facilitate citizens to report stories where they have resisted
paying bribes and where they have met honest officials who did not ask for a
bribe.

Citizens in fifteen other countries including Brazil, Greece, Kenya, Pakistan,
Ukraine and Mexico have found inspiration in this innovative crowd sourced model
of fighting corruption and have built similar sites, making ipaidabribe.com a
global phenomenon.

Also present at the event was Jayant Sinha, Managing Director, Omidyar Network
India Advisors, who launched the Mobile Apps.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2013 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             186 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Blazer says Fifa committee took South Africa bribes;
Whistleblower's plea bargain published by United States Department of Justice

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 509 words


The Fifa whistleblower Chuck Blazer has said he and others took bribes for South
Africa to host the 2010 World Cup, in a testimony published by the United States
Department of Justice.

Blazer, the former Concacaf general secretary and a Fifa executive committee
member from 1996 to 2013, made his revelation little more than 24 hours after
Sepp Blatter announced he would be standing down as Fifa's president as the
corruption crisis in world football deepened.

"I and others on the Fifa executive committee agreed to accept bribes in
conjunction with the selection of South Africa as the host nation for the 2010
World Cup," Blazer said in his testimony.

"During my association with Fifa and Concacaf, among other things, I and others
agreed that I or a co-conspirator would commit at least two acts of racketeering
activity. Among other things, I agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to
facilitate the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the
host nation for the 1998 World Cup.

"Beginning in or about 1993 and continuing through the early 2000s, I and others
agreed to accept bribes and kickbacks in conjunction with the broadcast and
other rights to the 1996, 1998, 2000, 2002 and 2003 Gold Cups.

Participants

 "Beginning in or around 2004 and continuing through 2011, I and others on the
Fifa executive committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the
selection of South Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup. Among other
things, my actions above had common participants and results.

"Between April of 2004 and May 2011, I and others who were fiduciaries to both
Fifa and Concacaf, in contravention of our duties, I and others, while acting in
our official capacities, agreed to participate in a scheme to defraud Fifa and
Concacaf to the right to honest services by taking undisclosed bribes. I and
others agreed to use email, telephone and a wire transfer into and out of the
United States in furtherance of the scheme. Funds procured through these
improper payments passed through JFK Airport in the form of a check [cheque].

"Between December 2008 and May 2011, I and others agreed to and transmitted
funds by wire transfer and cheques from places within the United States to
places in the Caribbean, and from places in the Caribbean to places in the
United States. I agreed to and took these actions to, among other things,
promote and conceal my receipt of bribes and kickbacks.

"I knew that the funds involved were the proceeds of an unlawful bribe, and I
and others used wires, emails and telephone to effectuate payment of and conceal
the nature of the bribe. Funds procured through these improper payments passed
through JFK airport in the form of a check [cheque].

"Between 2005 and 2010, while a resident of New York, New York, I knowingly and
wilfully failed to file an income tax return and failed to pay income taxes. In
this way, I intentionally concealed my true income from the IRS, thereby
defrauding the IRS of income tax owed. I knew that my actions were wrong at the
time." Guardian Service

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             187 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

Baltimore City Landfill Supervisor and Three Other Defendants Sentenced to
Prison in Bribery and Illegal Salvaging Schemes

LENGTH: 1552  words


City Lost Over $7 Million in Two Longstanding Schemes in Which Commercial Trash
Haulers Paid Bribes to Dump Trash Without Paying Disposal Fees and Employees
Stole Salvageable Metals

Baltimore, Maryland  U.S. District Judge Marvin J. Garbis sentenced William
Charles Nemec, Sr., age 56, of Baltimore, today to 78 months in prison followed
by three years of supervised release for conspiracy and bribery in connection
with two schemes: one in which Department of Public Works (DPW) employees sought
and accepted cash payments from commercial haulers in return for allowing the
haulers to deposit trash at the Quarantine Road Landfill without paying the
required disposal fees (bribery scheme); and a second scheme in which DPW
employees stole scrap metal from the landfill for personal gain (the junking
scheme). Judge Garbis also entered an order that Nemec pay restitution of $6
million.

On February 1, 2016, Judge Garbis sentenced two commercial haulers for their
participation in the bribery scheme: Adam Williams, Jr., age 52, of
Randallstown, to one year in prison followed by two years of community
confinement with work release; and Larry Lowry, age 61, of Orchard Beach,
Maryland, to 30 months in prison.  Judge Garbis also entered an order that
Williams pay restitution of $900,000, and Lowry pay restitution of $180,000.

Yesterday, Judge Garbis sentenced Michael Theodore Bennett, age 46, of
Baltimore, an employee at the Baltimore City Landfill, to 46 months in prison
and entered an order that Bennett pay restitution of $400,000. Bennett had
previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal from a program receiving
federal funds, wire fraud and failure to file a tax return in connection with
the junking scheme.

The sentences were announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Kevin Perkins of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, Baltimore Field Office; Robert H. Pearre, Jr.,
Inspector General, City of Baltimore Office of Inspector General; Special Agent
in Charge Thomas Jankowski of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation, Washington, D.C. Field Office; and Colonel William M. Pallozzi,
Superintendent of the Maryland State Police.

Bribery Scheme

Individuals or companies commercially hauling trash that have registered their
vehicles with Baltimore City and obtained Landfill permits, as well as Baltimore
City residents with larger loads, must deposit their trash in an open area
located within the Landfill.  Commercial haulers of trash that meet certain
vehicle weight limitations must, in addition to purchasing a Landfill permit,
pay a waste disposal fee of $67.50 per ton of trash deposited at the Landfill.
DPW employees assigned as scale house operators weigh each truck as it enters
the Landfill, which is recorded on a computerized point-of-sale system.  The
scale house operators reweigh each truck as it leaves the Landfill.

According to the defendants plea agreements, Nemec started working in 1984 for
the DPW as a scale house cashier at the Cold Spring Lane Landfill. Back then,
Nemec and other cashiers would regularly accept bribes from small and large
haulers in lieu of charging disposal fees and then split the bribe money among
all the cashiers.  That same year, Nemec was transferred to the Quarantine Road
Landfill (Landfill) where he engaged in the same type of bribery scheme.  Except
for short periods of time over the years since 1984, and despite the comings and
goings of new scale house employees and supervisors at the Landfill, Nemec and
other scale house operators continued to execute the bribery scheme, even after
Nemec was promoted to a supervisory position at the Landfill in 2006, and until
his arrest on May 12, 2015.

Beginning around 2002, Nemec executed the bribery scheme in tandem with two
scale house operators.  Nemec and the scale house operators accepted $100 bribe
payments from large haulers for each truckload of trash dumped at the Landfill,
which saved the haulers many hundreds of dollars per trip to the Landfill.
Nemec and others concealed the bribery scheme by not entering a trucks
registration number into the computerized scale system, which meant the
transaction was not recorded.  Consequently, the transaction would not appear on
the scale houses daily logs and the commercial hauler would not be billed for
using the Landfill on that particular occasion.

To maintain the pretense that the trucks had been weighed and the disposal fee
paid, Nemec and others would hand the truck drivers fake or blank receipts when
they crossed the outbound scale.  In return, the commercial haulers, including
Larry Lowry and Adam Williams, either paid the $100 bribe through the outbound
window at the scale house or met with Nemec or another scale house operator at
an off-site location to pay a weeks worth of bribes or more.  The commercial
haulers always paid the $100 bribes in cash. Nemec and the two scale house
operators split the bribes three ways until Nemec became a supervisor, after
which they agreed that Nemec would collect and keep Lowrys bribes as Nemecs
share of the scheme, and Washington and the other employee would collect and
keep the bribes paid by the other haulers as their share of the scheme.

By paying the $100 bribes in lieu of the disposal fees to Nemec and other scale
house operators, the commercial haulers saved their businesses thousands of
dollars each month, which, in turn, cost the City of Baltimore more than $6
million in revenue. For example, from July 1, 2014 through May 1, 2015 alone,
Nemec, while working as a landfill supervisor, accepted more than $15,000 in
bribe payments from Larry Lowry in return for not charging Lowry approximately
$55,000 in required waste disposal fees. Similarly, during the same time period,
Adam Williams paid more than $42,000 in bribe payments in lieu of paying
$120,000 in required waste disposal fees.

Illegal Junking Scheme

In addition to the revenue generated by the collection of disposal fees,
Baltimore Citys waste management system generates revenue by collecting and
selling recyclable scrap metal dumped at the Citys trash collection facilities,
including household appliances, steel cables, copper wires, car parts, computer
parts, door and window frames. The City awards contracts to private salvage
companies to purchase and remove such scrap metal from its trash collection
facilities.

DPW employees at the Landfill and other trash collection sites are required to
segregate the recyclable scrap metal from general refuse and place it in
separate bins provided by the salvage companies.  The companies regularly pick
up the scrap metal, weigh it and send a tonnage report to the City.  Based on
predetermined prices per ton, the City sends an invoice to the companies
requesting payment for the value of the scrap metal the companies removed during
a given period of time. Salvaging by employees, also referred to as junking, was
strictly prohibited and employees were put on notice that any salvaging of metal
constituted theft of City property.

From about 2005 to May 2015, Nemec and other Landfill employees falsely
represented to the DPW that they were performing their jobs when in fact they
unlawfully collected and sold scrap metal for personal gain during work hours.

Nemec knew that laborers at the Landfill, including Michael Bennett, used their
personal cell phones during work shifts to let each other know when and where
recyclable scrap metals were being dumped at the Landfill.  After collecting and
creating piles of the scrap metal, the laborers would transport the scrap metal
using their personal pick-up trucks to a private salvage company, frequently
making multiple trips during an eight-hour work shift.  Bennett and other
employees paid other DPW employees to help locate, collect and load the scrap
metal onto their trucks.

During 2011 and 2012, Bennett paid Nemec approximately $20 every day to allow
them to collect and transport the stolen scrap metal.  In addition to not
reporting Bennetts daily trips to the salvage company to sell the stolen metal,
which some days could take a total of 3 - 4 hours, Nemec would authorize and
submit false time and attendance records to conceal the scheme, so that Bennett
and other laborers were able to be paid for work they did not perform while
stealing the metal.

Bennett prepared and submitted false time and attendance records, which claimed
he had been working, when he was instead illegally collecting and selling the
scrap metal, resulting in wages being paid to Bennett for work he did not
perform.

The loss to the City of Baltimore as a result of the junking scheme was
approximately $1 million.

Bennett also failed to report approximately $479,468 of income for tax years
2011 through 2013, the majority of which was obtained from the illegal junking
scheme, resulting in a tax loss to the government of $126,273.

To date, five DPW employees and six commercial haulers have been convicted in
the schemes.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the FBI, IRS-CI, Baltimore
Office of Inspector General and Maryland State Police for their work in the
investigation.  Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant United States Attorney Martin
J. Clarke and Leo J. Wise, who prosecuted the case. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             188 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           January 30, 2016 Saturday

Jury Convicts Defendant in Los Zetas Money Laundering Case of Conspiracy and
Bribery Charges

LENGTH: 702  words


A federal jury today convicted 55-year-old Veracruz, Mexico businessman
Francisco Antonio Colorado-Cessa (aka Pancho), of attempting to bribe a federal
judge announced United States Attorney Richard L. Durbin, Jr., Federal Bureau of
Investigation Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs and Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation Special Agent in Charge William Cotter.

The jury, seated in Shreveport, Louisiana, found Colorado-Cessa, the owner of
ADT Petroservicios, an oil services company in Mexico doing business with the
Mexican National Oil Company PEMEX, guilty of one count of conspiracy to bribe a
public official and one substantive count of bribery, by offer or promise, of a
public official.  Evidence during trial revealed that Colorado-Cessa and others
conspired in 2013 to pay a $1.2 million bribe to a federal judge in order to
secure a reduced sentence for Colorado-Cessa in a related money laundering case.
According to court records, at no time before or during this investigation was
the federal judge involved in the alleged criminal activity.

On March 12, 2014, Colorado-Cessa, his son, Francisco Agustin Colorado Cebado
(aka Panchito), and his business partner, Ramon Segura Flores, all pleaded
guilty to one count of conspiracy to bribe a federal judge.  On July 22, 2014,
visiting United States District Judge Donald E. Walter of the Western District
of Louisiana sentenced Colorado Cebado and Segura Flores in Austin to a year and
a day in federal prison and ordered them to pay a $10,000 fine for their roles
in the scheme.  On February 2, 2015, Judge Walter sentenced Colorado-Cessa in
Austin to five years in federal prison.  However, in October 2015, the U.S. 5th
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed Colorado-Cessas conviction and sentence and
remanded the case back to the District Court.  On December 23, 2015, Judge
Walter granted a defense motion for change of venue from Austin and ordered that
jury selection and trial occur in Shreveport, LA.

In the related case, on December 10, 2015, a federal jury in Austin convicted
Colorado-Cessa of one count of conspiracy to commit money laundering in
connection with a scheme to launder millions of dollars in Los Zetas drug
distribution proceeds through purchasing, training, breeding and racing American
quarter horses in the United States.  Testimony during that trial revealed a
shell game by Colorado Cessa, a close associate of the Zetas drug cartels top
leaders including Miguel Angel Trevino Morales (aka Z-40), Oscar Omar Trevino
Morales (aka Z-42), and others involving straw purchasers and transactions worth
millions of dollars in New Mexico, Oklahoma, California and Texas to disguise
the source of the drug money and make the proceeds from the sale of quarter
horses or their race winnings appear legitimate.

Over 400 quarter horses seized by federal authorities in June 2012 as part of
the above mentioned money laundering operation have been sold for approximately
$12 million.  One of the seized horses, Tempting Dash, winner of the Dash for
Cash at Lone Star Park race track in Grand Prairie, TX, in October 2009, sold at
an auction for a record $1.7 million in November 2013.

As a result of both trial verdicts, Colorado-Cessa now faces up to 20 years in
federal prison on the charge of conspiracy to commit money laundering; up to 15
years in federal prison for the charge of bribery by offer or promise; and, up
to five years in federal prison for the charge of conspiracy to commit bribery.
Colorado-Cessa remains in federal custody pending sentencing.  No sentencing
dates have been scheduled.

This investigation was conducted by agents with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation and the Drug
Enforcement Administration with assistance from the United States Marshals
Service, Immigration and Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations
(ICE-HSI) and U.S. Border Patrol.  Other judicial districts involved in this
matter include the Western District of Oklahoma, Central District of California,
Southern District of Texas, District of New Mexico and the U.S. Department of
Treasurys Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC). 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             189 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            March 29, 2006 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

Ex-customs agent pleads guilty to taking bribes

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 204 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


A former customs agent was sentenced to seven years and three months in federal
prison after pleading guilty to taking bribes from a narcotics trafficker, the
U.S. Attorney's Office said Tuesday.

Rafael Francisco Pacheco Jr., 35, of Tampa pleaded guilty in December to 27
counts related to receiving bribes. Federal prosecutors said he took the bribes
between December 1999 and June 2001 when he worked as a special agent for the
U.S. Customs Service, now known as Immigration and Customs Enforcement.

Pacheco received nearly $18,000 in bribes from a Mexican narcotics trafficker
and money launderer, the U.S. Attorney's Office said. The man, Fidencio Estrada,
paid Pacheco to influence officials, prosecutors said.

Pacheco used some of the money to pay off a car loan at Florida Customs Federal
Credit Union, prosecutors said, and he lied to representatives at the American
Consulate in Mexico about using Estrada as a source in a Tampa criminal
investigation. Estrada used Pacheco to help him obtain visas to the United
States for him and his family.

Earlier this month, a federal jury found Estrada, 37, of Roma, Texas, guilty of
bribery of a federal agent and money laundering. His sentencing is scheduled to
take place in June.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DIGEST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             190 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday

San Bernardino County Colonies corruption case at crossroads

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


The future of a San Bernardino County corruption case involving a $102 million
legal settlement between the county and a Rancho Cucamonga developer, allegedly
tainted by bribery and extortion, lies with a decision by the California Supreme
Court.

The state s highest court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments from prosecutors
and defense attorneys in Sacramento   the latest chapter in a legal battle that
has spanned years and millions of dollars in San Bernardino County.

Each side will be given 30 minutes to present its arguments to the seven Supreme
Court justices, who will issue a written decision within 90 days, court
spokesman Cathal Conneely  said.

Specifically, the justices will determine if a defendant accused of giving a
bribe can be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of the same bribes he
is accused of giving.

But at stake is more than that in a battle that has had many chapters.

The court is the final stop on the appellate trail that will determine if
prosecutors can move forward with a criminal case more in line with the sweeping
corruption case they originally charged, or proceed with a case significantly
weakened by the dismissal of bribery-related charges against their key
defendant.

This is the right case for this court to offer guidance on these important
issues, and it comes at the right time,  according to the prosecutors  petition.
This high-profile public corruption case is being closely watched, and will be
used as a benchmark to inform the conduct of both public officials and those
seeking to influence them as to what acts they can commit without subjecting
themselves to prosecution.

The San Bernardino County District Attorney s Office is trying to get four
bribery charges reinstated against Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeffrey Burum   a
key defendant in their criminal case   which were tossed out by a San Bernardino
Superior Court judge on a motion by Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson.

Burum is the developer of the Colonies Crossroads, a commercial development that
can be seen off the 210 Freeway in Upland, and a neighboring housing
development, Colonies at San Antonio.

Larson argued in his answer brief to the Supreme Court that prosecutors
arguments fall flat.

The people ask this court to overturn over a century of precedent precluding
their improper attempt to charge Mr. Burum, the alleged bribe-giver, under
derivative theories of liability for the crime of receiving bribes,  Larson
wrote in his brief.

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former
county officials for their help in allegedly orchestrating the landmark $102
million legal settlement between the county and Burum s investor group, Colonies
Partners LP, in November 2006. At the time, the settlement ended nearly five
years of legal battle over who was responsible for building a flood-control
basin on land in Upland owned by Colonies Partners.

But a criminal grand juryhanded down an indictment in May 2011, setting a path
that would ultimately lead to Tuesday s hearing.

Also charged in the case were former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors allege, were funneled into the accounts of
political action committees secretly controlled by the three county supervisors
who approved the settlement   Bill Postmus, Biane and Ovitt   or members of
their staffs. Kirk is alleged to have received his $100,000 bribe for persuading
Ovitt to vote in favor of the settlement.

All have denied wrongdoing.

Postmus struck a plea bargain with prosecutors, admitting in exchange for
leniency that he took a bribe from Burum to vote to approve the settlement.
Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants at trial.

The DA s Office declined to comment on Friday, citing the pending litigation.

And Larson declined to comment for this report. He said he was reserving his
comments for the state Supreme Court on Tuesday.

The case s path to the state Supreme Court got momentum when in August 2011, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, ruling on a motion filed by
the defense, dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum, including
all bribery charges, and one felony count of misappropriation of public funds
for each of the other defendants.

McCarville ruled that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged
with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, of which Burum was accused.
Prosecutors argued in their appeal that the law contains no such exemption and
that the facts of the case should determine whether or not Burum could also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

In their Dec. 10, 2012, petition to the state Supreme Court, prosecutors said
California bribery laws have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal
standards and conflict with other court decisions.

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s decision in October 2012 on the bribery counts, but
reinstated a charge of misappropriation of public funds against Burum that was
also tossed out by McCarville, and dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge
against Burum that McCarville had let stand.

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the state Supreme Court to hear the case.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             191 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            November 3, 2013 Sunday

San Bernardino County Colonies corruption case at crossroads

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


The future of a San Bernardino County corruption case involving a $102 million
legal settlement between the county and a Rancho Cucamonga developer, allegedly
tainted by bribery and extortion, lies with a decision by the California Supreme
Court.

The state s highest court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments from prosecutors
and defense attorneys in Sacramento   the latest chapter in a legal battle that
has spanned years and millions of dollars in San Bernardino County.

Each side will be given 30 minutes to present its arguments to the seven Supreme
Court justices, who will issue a written decision within 90 days, court
spokesman Cathal Conneely  said.

Specifically, the justices will determine if a defendant accused of giving a
bribe can be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of the same bribes he
is accused of giving.

But at stake is more than that in a battle that has had many chapters.

The court is the final stop on the appellate trail that will determine if
prosecutors can move forward with a criminal case more in line with the sweeping
corruption case they originally charged, or proceed with a case significantly
weakened by the dismissal of bribery-related charges against their key
defendant.

This is the right case for this court to offer guidance on these important
issues, and it comes at the right time,  according to the prosecutors  petition.
This high-profile public corruption case is being closely watched, and will be
used as a benchmark to inform the conduct of both public officials and those
seeking to influence them as to what acts they can commit without subjecting
themselves to prosecution.

The San Bernardino County District Attorney s Office is trying to get four
bribery charges reinstated against Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeffrey Burum   a
key defendant in their criminal case   which were tossed out by a San Bernardino
Superior Court judge on a motion by Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson.

Burum is the developer of the Colonies Crossroads, a commercial development that
can be seen off the 210 Freeway in Upland, and a neighboring housing
development, Colonies at San Antonio.

Larson argued in his answer brief to the Supreme Court that prosecutors
arguments fall flat.

The people ask this court to overturn over a century of precedent precluding
their improper attempt to charge Mr. Burum, the alleged bribe-giver, under
derivative theories of liability for the crime of receiving bribes,  Larson
wrote in his brief.

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former
county officials for their help in allegedly orchestrating the landmark $102
million legal settlement between the county and Burum s investor group, Colonies
Partners LP, in November 2006. At the time, the settlement ended nearly five
years of legal battle over who was responsible for building a flood-control
basin on land in Upland owned by Colonies Partners.

But a criminal grand juryhanded down an indictment in May 2011, setting a path
that would ultimately lead to Tuesday s hearing.

Also charged in the case were former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors allege, were funneled into the accounts of
political action committees secretly controlled by the three county supervisors
who approved the settlement   Bill Postmus, Biane and Ovitt   or members of
their staffs. Kirk is alleged to have received his $100,000 bribe for persuading
Ovitt to vote in favor of the settlement.

All have denied wrongdoing.

Postmus struck a plea bargain with prosecutors, admitting in exchange for
leniency that he took a bribe from Burum to vote to approve the settlement.
Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants at trial.

The DA s Office declined to comment on Friday, citing the pending litigation.

And Larson declined to comment for this report. He said he was reserving his
comments for the state Supreme Court on Tuesday.

The case s path to the state Supreme Court got momentum when in August 2011, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, ruling on a motion filed by
the defense, dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum, including
all bribery charges, and one felony count of misappropriation of public funds
for each of the other defendants.

McCarville ruled that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged
with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, of which Burum was accused.
Prosecutors argued in their appeal that the law contains no such exemption and
that the facts of the case should determine whether or not Burum could also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

In their Dec. 10, 2012, petition to the state Supreme Court, prosecutors said
California bribery laws have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal
standards and conflict with other court decisions.

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s decision in October 2012 on the bribery counts, but
reinstated a charge of misappropriation of public funds against Burum that was
also tossed out by McCarville, and dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge
against Burum that McCarville had let stand.

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the state Supreme Court to hear the case.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             192 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           November 2, 2013 Saturday

San Bernardino County Colonies corruption case at crossroads

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 895 words


The future of a San Bernardino County corruption case involving a $102 million
legal settlement between the county and a Rancho Cucamonga developer, allegedly
tainted by bribery and extortion, lies with a decision by the California Supreme
Court.

The state s highest court on Tuesday will hear oral arguments from prosecutors
and defense attorneys in Sacramento   the latest chapter in a legal battle that
has spanned years and millions of dollars in San Bernardino County.

Each side will be given 30 minutes to present its arguments to the seven Supreme
Court justices, who will issue a written decision within 90 days, court
spokesman Cathal Conneely  said.

Specifically, the justices will determine if a defendant accused of giving a
bribe can be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of the same bribes he
is accused of giving.

But at stake is more than that in a battle that has had many chapters.

The court is the final stop on the appellate trail that will determine if
prosecutors can move forward with a criminal case more in line with the sweeping
corruption case they originally charged, or proceed with a case significantly
weakened by the dismissal of bribery-related charges against their key
defendant.

This is the right case for this court to offer guidance on these important
issues, and it comes at the right time,  according to the prosecutors  petition.
This high-profile public corruption case is being closely watched, and will be
used as a benchmark to inform the conduct of both public officials and those
seeking to influence them as to what acts they can commit without subjecting
themselves to prosecution.

The San Bernardino County District Attorney s Office is trying to get four
bribery charges reinstated against Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeffrey Burum   a
key defendant in their criminal case   which were tossed out by a San Bernardino
Superior Court judge on a motion by Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson.

Burum is the developer of the Colonies Crossroads, a commercial development that
can be seen off the 210 Freeway in Upland, and a neighboring housing
development, Colonies at San Antonio.

Larson argued in his answer brief to the Supreme Court that prosecutors
arguments fall flat.

The people ask this court to overturn over a century of precedent precluding
their improper attempt to charge Mr. Burum, the alleged bribe-giver, under
derivative theories of liability for the crime of receiving bribes,  Larson
wrote in his brief.

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former
county officials for their help in allegedly orchestrating the landmark $102
million legal settlement between the county and Burum s investor group, Colonies
Partners LP, in November 2006. At the time, the settlement ended nearly five
years of legal battle over who was responsible for building a flood-control
basin on land in Upland owned by Colonies Partners.

But a criminal grand juryhanded down an indictment in May 2011, setting a path
that would ultimately lead to Tuesday s hearing.

Also charged in the case were former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors allege, were funneled into the accounts of
political action committees secretly controlled by the three county supervisors
who approved the settlement   Bill Postmus, Biane and Ovitt   or members of
their staffs. Kirk is alleged to have received his $100,000 bribe for persuading
Ovitt to vote in favor of the settlement.

All have denied wrongdoing.

Postmus struck a plea bargain with prosecutors, admitting in exchange for
leniency that he took a bribe from Burum to vote to approve the settlement.
Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants at trial.

The DA s Office declined to comment on Friday, citing the pending litigation.

And Larson declined to comment for this report. He said he was reserving his
comments for the state Supreme Court on Tuesday.

The case s path to the state Supreme Court got momentum when in August 2011, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, ruling on a motion filed by
the defense, dismissed five of the seven felony charges against Burum, including
all bribery charges, and one felony count of misappropriation of public funds
for each of the other defendants.

McCarville ruled that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged
with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, of which Burum was accused.
Prosecutors argued in their appeal that the law contains no such exemption and
that the facts of the case should determine whether or not Burum could also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes.

In their Dec. 10, 2012, petition to the state Supreme Court, prosecutors said
California bribery laws have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal
standards and conflict with other court decisions.

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s decision in October 2012 on the bribery counts, but
reinstated a charge of misappropriation of public funds against Burum that was
also tossed out by McCarville, and dismissed a conflict-of-interest charge
against Burum that McCarville had let stand.

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the state Supreme Court to hear the case.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             193 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

New Jersey: Two doctors and a salesman admit roles in bribes-For-Test referrals
scheme involving new jersey clinical laboratory

LENGTH: 1085  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

Two New Jersey doctors and a company salesman pleaded guilty today to their
roles in a long-running bribes-for-test referrals scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, N.J., its president,
and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Angelo Calabrese, 56, of Pine Brook, N.J., Paul Ostergaard, 72, of Pompton
Plains, N.J., and David McCann, 45, of Lyndhurst, N.J., all pleaded guilty today
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court.

Calabrese, a doctor with an office in North Arlington, N.J., pleaded guilty to
an information charging him with violating the Travel Act and admitted accepting
more than $130,000 in bribes to refer at least $600,000 in lab business to BLS.
Ostergaard, a doctor with an office in Pompton Plains, N.J., pleaded guilty to
an information charging him with violating the Travel Act, and admitted
accepting more than $50,000 in bribes to refer at least $150,000 in lab business
to BLS.  McCann pleaded guilty to an information charging him with conspiring to
violate the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Travel Act and admitted paying
thousands of dollars in cash to doctors on behalf of BLS.

With today's guilty pleas, 17 people have now pleaded guilty in connection with
the sophisticated BLS bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted
involved the payment of millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than
$100 million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies.

"We are continuing to pursue those defendants, including doctors, who put
personal profits ahead of patient care," U.S. Attorney Fishman said. "Patients
need to be confident that their doctors are recommending providers who are best
qualified to perform medically necessary tests. Those doctors who recommended
providers in return for payoffs should know we are coming after them."

"As is evident in the pleas entered today, and the investigation into the
illegal activity of Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services, the FBI Newark takes very
seriously the allegations of health care fraud, bribes and kickbacks," FBI
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford said. "This investigation and prosecution
remains ongoing and those medical professionals that decided to make medical
referrals in exchange for bribes are expected to be brought to justice. These
pleas today are a direct result of the joint efforts of Health and Human
Services-Office of Inspector General, United States Postal Inspection Service,
Internal Revenue Service and Federal Bureau of Investigation."

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Calabrese received more than $130,000 from BLS between 2010 and 2013 through a
sham consulting agreement and a sham rental agreement, which combined to pay
Calabrese more than $4,500 per month in bribes from BLS.  Craig Nordman, 34, of
Whippany, N.J., a BLS employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC - one of
several entities used by BLS to make illegal payments - who pleaded guilty in
June to his role in the scheme, made many of the payments to Calabrese on behalf
of BLS.

Ostergaard received more than $50,000 from BLS between 2006 and 2009 through a
sham lease agreement and a sham service agreement.  William Dailey, 42, of Wall,
N.J., a BLS salesman who pleaded guilty to his role in the scheme in May,
negotiated the sham agreements on behalf of BLS, with the knowledge and approval
of BLS's president, David Nicoll, 39, of Mountain Lakes, N.J.  Ostergaard
admitted today that while he was being bribed to make referrals to BLS, he
noticed that BLS was adding tests that Ostergaard had not ordered for his
patients, but stayed silent about the added tests.

McCann paid thousands of dollars in cash on a monthly basis between December
2011 and April 2013 to numerous physicians on behalf of BLS in exchange for the
doctors' referral of blood specimens to BLS.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, Scott Nicoll, 32, of
Wayne, N.J., a senior BLS employee and David Nicoll's brother, and Nordman. They
were charged by federal complaint with the bribery conspiracy, along with the
BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 43, of Boonton, N.J.  In June, David and Scott
Nicoll, Nordman, and four other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges
related to their involvement.  Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty last month
to charges relating to his role in the scheme.  So far, 11 employees or
associates of BLS, and six physicians have pleaded guilty to their roles in the
bribery scheme.

"Offering slush fund payments for medical referrals, ultimately paid for by
taxpayers, can have absolutely no place in our health care system," Thomas
O'Donnell, Special Agent in Charge of the Office of Inspector General at the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services region including New Jersey, said.
"Such schemes will continue to be vigorously investigated and prosecuted, and
these criminals will be brought to justice."

The bribery count to which Calabrese and Ostergaard pleaded guilty is punishable
by a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.
McCann faces a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000
fine on the bribery conspiracy charge. Sentencing for all three defendants is
scheduled for March 13, 2014.

Calabrese and Ostergaard have also agreed to forfeit $334,000 and $53,900,
respectively.  The investigation has so far recovered more than $3 million
through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the
direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the ongoing
investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nj

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             194 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Warrnambool Standard

                          December 14, 2011 Wednesday

Allegations that Azerbaijan paid bribes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 563 words


Allegations that Azerbaijan paid bribes to secure boxing gold medals at the 2012
London Games are "groundless and unsupported by any credible evidence," the
Olympic sport's governing body said yesterday. A BBC television program reported
in September that $US9 million had been paid by Azerbaijan in return for a
guarantee of two boxing gold medals at next year's Olympics. AIBA, amateur
boxing's governing body, disputed all the accusations.

AP OLY:Boxing body dismisses Olympic bribe claimOly12 Azerbaijan Update LONDON,
Dec 12 AP - on Monday for the former Soviet republic appointed a five-man
committee to investigate the claims by the BBC Newsnight program. The panel,
headed by American Tom Virgets, chairman of AIBA's disciplinary commission,
issued its findings on Monday and Citing unnamed "whistleblowers" and
"insiders," the BBC alleged that bribes were paid by an Azerbaijan national to
World Series of Boxing, an international franchise competition supported by
AIBA. The program said the money was needed by the WSB because it had run into
financial difficulties in the United States. "We have conducted an exhaustive
investigation over the past two months, and we have concluded that the
allegations made by BBC Newsnight in September that there was an investment by a
government or any discussion or effort to guarantee gold medals were completely
without merit," Virgets said. Virgets, former president of USA Boxing, issued a
five-page statement from Annapolis, Maryland, where he is senior associate
athletic director at the US Naval Academy. His report was submitted to AIBA
headquarters in Lausanne, Switzerland. Virgets said the investigative panel
examined hundreds of page of documents, emails, financial statements and
transactions and took witness statements from dozens of officials. The BBC
alleged that WSB chief operating officer Ivan Khodabakhsh promised gold medals
to Azerbaijan in return for the payment. Virgets said a single private investor,
Hamid Hamidov, made a "purely commercial investment" to support the
establishment and creation of US boxing franchises for the WSB series. The funds
were transferred by the WSB from its Swiss headquarters in Lausanne to Colorado
Springs to finance franchises in Los Angeles, Miami, Memphis and Mexico City, he
said. "This was purely a commercial investment, unconnected to the Olympic
Games, and we have traced both the source of funds and their disbursement and
documented our findings," Virgets said. "The subject of medals had never come up
in any discussions or agreements." The AIBA panel said Hamidov "has confirmed he
does not work either directly or indirectly for Azerbaijan or any government."
Virgets said the BBC "relied heavily on hearsay" to support its allegations. He
said the panel asked the BBC for evidence, but the company provided only the
transcripts of the broadcast and "unsubstantiated statements by sources who made
speculative claims but who refused to cooperate with the investigation." Virgets
said the investigation found that ABIA had "appropriate safeguards in place" to
guard against any attempts to fix results at the Olympics. "No one, not even the
AIBA president, could deliver medals because to do so it would be necessary to
compromise or corrupt a total of 16 separate security safeguards of more than 60
referees and technical officials," he said. rf 13-12-11 0803

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2011 Fairfax Media Publications Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             195 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2016 Saturday

Executives, Surgeons, Physicians, and Others Affiliated with Forest Park Medical
Center (FPMC) in Dallas Indicted in Massive Conspiracy

LENGTH: 2242  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Texas
has issued the following news release:



  Founders and investors of the physician-owned Forest Park Medical Center
(FPMC) in Dallas, other executives at the hospital, and physicians, surgeons,
and others affiliated with the hospital, have been charged in a federal
indictment, returned by a grand jury in Dallas last month and unsealed today,
with various felony offenses stemming from their payment and/or receipt of
approximately $40 million in bribes and kickbacks for referring certain patients
to FPMC.  The announcement was made this afternoon by U.S. Attorney John Parker
of the Northern District of Texas.





 FPMC was an out-of-network hospital.  According to the indictment, the referred
patients were primarily ones with high reimbursing out-of-network private
insurance benefits or benefits under certain federally-funded programs.  FPMC's
owners, managers, and employees also attempted to sell patients with lower
reimbursing insurance coverage, namely unwitting Medicare and Medicaid
beneficiaries, to other facilities in exchange for cash.  As a result of the
bribes, kickbacks, and other inducements, from 2009 to 2013, FPMC billed such
patients' insurance plans and programs well over half of a billion dollars and
collected over $200 million in paid claims.



 The below-listed defendants are charged in the indictment:



                         Alan Andrew Beauchamp, 64, of Dallas

                         Richard Ferdinand Toussaint, Jr., 58, of Dallas

                         Wade Neal Barker, 51, of Dallas

                         Wilton McPherson Burt, 61, of Costa Rica

                         Andrea Kay Smith, 37, of Rockwall, Texas

                         Carli Adele Hempel, 40, of Plano, Texas

                         Kelly Wade Loter, 48, of Dallas

                         Jackson Jacob, 53, of Murphy, Texas

                         Douglas Sung Won, 45, of Dallas

                         Michael Bassem Rimlawi, 45, of Dallas

                         David Daesung Kim, 54, of Southlake, Texas

                         William Daniel Nicholson IV, 46, of Dallas

                         Shawn Mark Henry, 46, of Fort Worth, Texas

                         Mrugeshkumar Kumar Shah, 42, of Garland, Texas

                         Gerald Peter Foox, 69, of Tyler, Texas

                         Frank Gonzales Jr., 41, of Midland, Texas

                         Israel Ortiz, 49, of Dallas

                         Iris Kathleen Forrest, 56, of Dallas

                         Andrew Jonathan Hillman, 40, of Dallas

                         Semyon Narosov, 51, of Dallas

                         Royce Vaughn Bicklein, 44, of San Antonio, Texas



 "Medical providers who enrich themselves through bribes and kickbacks are not
only perverting our critical health care system, but they are committing a
serious crime," said U.S. Attorney John Parker. "Massive, multi-faceted schemes
such as this one, built on illegal financial relationships, drive up the cost of
healthcare for everyone and must be stopped."







 "The charges announced today show that the government will not tolerate corrupt
practices by medical providers motivated by greed," said Dallas FBI Special
Agent in Charge Thomas M. Class, Sr. "The FBI will continue to work with our law
enforcement partners to identify those who manipulate and defraud our healthcare
system and to seek their prosecution."







 "The Defense Criminal Investigative Service (DCIS), in partnership with our
federal law enforcement partners, will continue to aggressively investigate
those who defraud the federal government, and ultimately the American taxpayers,
in order to protect the integrity of federal health care programs," said Special
Agent in Charge Janice M. Flores of the DCIS Southwest Field Office.  "Fraud and
abuse by healthcare providers poses a significant threat to the viability of
government health care programs, and today's arrests demonstrate the commitment
of DCIS and it partners in rooting out health care fraud and to hold those
accountable for their actions."







 "I would like to acknowledge and thank our OIG criminal investigators, and
their law enforcement partners, for their tireless efforts in pursuing this
case," said Deputy Inspector General Norbert E. Vint.  "Their fine work protects
the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program from those who would manipulate
the health care system in order to steal taxpayer dollars."







 "An important mission of the Office of Inspector General is to investigate
allegations relating to fraud involving the Federal Employees' Compensation Act.
We will continue to work with our law enforcement partners to investigate these
types of allegations," stated Steven Grell, Special Agent-in-Charge of the
Dallas Regional Office of the United States Department of Labor, Office of
Inspector General.







 "The allegations against the defendants in this indictment indicate that
patient trust was broken by the payments of kickbacks and bribes used to induce
surgeons to use their hospital to perform services," said Special Agent in
Charge Tamera Cantu. "IRS Criminal Investigation, along with our law enforcement
partners, will vigorously pursue corporate owners and managers that use their
company to violate laws, including healthcare regulations."







 FPMC was founded by Beauchamp, Toussaint, Barker, Burt, and others as an
out-of-network hospital; as such, it was free to set its own prices for services
and was generally reimbursed at substantially higher rates than in-network
providers.  FPMC's strategy was to maximize profit for physician investors by
refusing to join the networks of insurance plans for a period of time after its
formation, allowing its owners and managers to enrich themselves through
out-of-network billing and reimbursement.



 Toussaint and Barker co-owned FPMC; Beauchamp and Burt managed it.  Beauchamp
was FPMC's Chief Operating Officer and was an investor in FPMC.  Toussaint, an
anesthesiologist, was the President of FPMC's board of directors.  Barker, a
bariatric surgeon, was on FPMC's board of directors.  Burt was a Managing
Partner of FPMC and was also an investor in FPMC.



 FPMC's referral coordinator, Smith, owned a shell entity known as Unique
Healthcare that the coconspirators created to funnel bribe and kickback payments
to surgeons in exchange for those individuals referring patients to FPMC.  Smith
tracked surgeries and referrals so surgeons and referral sources could receive
"credit."  Another FPMC employee, Hempel, was FPMC's Director of Bariatric
Services; she led efforts to sell Medicare and Medicaid referrals from certain
coconspirators to a non-FPMC facility.



 Jacob owned a shell entity known as Adelaide Business Solutions that he and
others used to funnel bribe and kickback payments to surgeons, primary care
physicians, chiropractors, lawyers, worker's compensation preauthorization
specialists, and others in exchange for those individuals referring patients to
FPMC or to surgeons who used the hospital's facilities to perform certain
medical procedures, including surgeries.  Another company, Entity A, co-owned by
Toussaint and Barker, was a commercial real estate group that provided
commercial real estate services to FPMC and was used by the coconspirators as a
conduit for bribe and kickback payments.  Loter owned an advertising agency that
received bribe and kickback payments on behalf of physicians.



 According to the indictment, two bariatric surgeons, Kim and Nicholson,
investors in FPMC, received $4,595,000 and $3,400,000, respectively, in bribe
and kickback payments in exchange for referring their patients to FPMC.  Three
spinal surgeons, Won, Rimlawi, and Henry, also received bribe and kickback
payments in exchange for referring their patients to FPMC.  The indictment
alleges that Won received $7,000,000 and Rimlawi received $3,800,000 in bribe
and kickback payments.  Henry was also an investor in FPMC.  The surgeons spent
the vast majority of the bribe payments marketing their personal medical
practices, which benefitted them financially, or on personal expenses, such as
cars, diamonds, and payments to family members.



 Other physicians who received bribe and kickback payments in exchange for
referring patients to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical procedures,
including surgeries, at the hospital include Shah, a pain management doctor;
Gonzales, a chiropractor who received approximately $385,000 in bribes and
kickbacks; and Foox, who owned an orthopedic clinic in Tyler, Texas, and
received approximately $500,000 in bribes and kickbacks.



 Forrest, a worker's compensation preauthorization specialist, received
approximately $450,000 in bribe and kickback payments in exchange for referring
patients, including those she was preauthorizing, to FPMC or to surgeons who
performed medical procedures, including surgeries, at the hospital.  Bicklein
was a worker's compensation lawyer who received approximately $100,000 in bribe
and kickback payments in exchange for referring patients, including his clients,
to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical procedures, including surgeries, at
the hospital.



 Ortiz owned a clinic that received approximately $1,100,000 in bribe and
kickback payments for referring its patients to FPMC or to surgeons who
performed medical procedures, including surgeries, at the hospital,



 Collectively, Hillman and Narosov controlled a hospital consulting company, and
they received approximately $190,000 in bribe and kickback payments in exchange
for referring patient to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical procedures,
including surgeries, at the hospital.



 According to the indictment, as part of the conspiracy, certain coconspirators
also paid bribes and kickbacks of $500 per month to approximately 40 primary
care physicians and practices to refer patients to the hospital or to surgeons
associated with the hospital.  In addition to paying surgeons and primary care
physicians, certain coconspirators also paid a host of others, including FECA
beneficiaries, workers' compensation preauthorization specialists, lawyers,
businesses, runners, and chiropractors.  Certain coconspirators also "rented"
space in doctors' and chiropractors' offices in outlying cities, including
Foox's clinic in Tyler, and clinics in Midland and Odessa, Texas, in exchange
for patients being referred to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical
procedures at the hospital.



 The bribes and kickbacks resulted in victim plans and programs being billed
well over half of a billion dollars, including more than $10 million to the
Department of Defense healthcare program TRICARE, more than $25 million to the
Department of Labor FECA healthcare program, and more than $60 million to the
federal employees' and retirees' FEHBP healthcare program, and FPMC collecting
more than $200 million in tainted and unlawful claims.



 Each of the 21 defendants is charged with one count of conspiracy to pay and
receive health care bribes and kickbacks; the maximum statutory penalty upon
conviction is five years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine.



 Beauchamp is charged with 10 counts of offering or paying and soliciting or
receiving illegal remuneration, in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, and aiding and abetting.  Toussaint, Barker, and Burt are each charged
with five counts of this offense.  Jacob is charged with eight, Shah with three,
Rimlawi with two, and Won, Kim, Nicholson, Gonzales, and Forrest each with one
count of this offense.  The maximum statutory penalty upon conviction is five
years in federal prison and a $25,000 fine.



 Beauchamp is also charged with seven counts of violating the federal Travel Act
and aiding and abetting.  Jacob is also charged with six counts of this offense;
Toussaint, Barker, Burt, and Jacob are also each charged with four counts of
this offense; Foox is also charged with two counts of this offense; and Won,
Kim, Nicholson, Henry, and Gonzales are also each charged with one count.  The
maximum statutory penalty upon conviction is five years in federal prison and a
$250,000 fine.



 Beauchamp, Toussaint, Barker, and Burt are also each charged with two counts of
conspiracy to commit money laundering.  Jacob and Henry are also each charged
with one count of this offense.  The maximum statutory penalty upon conviction
is 20 years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine.



 The indictment also includes a forfeiture allegation that would require the
defendants, upon conviction, to forfeit to the U.S. any property, real or
personal, which constitutes or is derived from proceeds traceable to the
offenses.  Restitution could also be ordered.



 An indictment is an accusation by a federal grand jury, and a defendant is
entitled to the presumption of innocence unless proven guilty.



 The case was investigated by the FBI, the U.S. Department of Labor Office of
Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Labor Employee Benefits Security
Administration, the U.S. Department of Defense - Defense Criminal Investigative
Service, the U.S. Office of Personnel Management Office of Inspector General,
and Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation, with assistance from the
Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             196 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2016 Friday

Executives, Surgeons, Physicians, and Others Affiliated with Forest Park Medical
Center (FPMC) in Dallas Indicted in Massive Conspiracy

LENGTH: 2242  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of Texas
has issued the following news release:



  Founders and investors of the physician-owned Forest Park Medical Center
(FPMC) in Dallas, other executives at the hospital, and physicians, surgeons,
and others affiliated with the hospital, have been charged in a federal
indictment, returned by a grand jury in Dallas last month and unsealed today,
with various felony offenses stemming from their payment and/or receipt of
approximately $40 million in bribes and kickbacks for referring certain patients
to FPMC.  The announcement was made this afternoon by U.S. Attorney John Parker
of the Northern District of Texas.





 FPMC was an out-of-network hospital.  According to the indictment, the referred
patients were primarily ones with high reimbursing out-of-network private
insurance benefits or benefits under certain federally-funded programs.  FPMC's
owners, managers, and employees also attempted to sell patients with lower
reimbursing insurance coverage, namely unwitting Medicare and Medicaid
beneficiaries, to other facilities in exchange for cash.  As a result of the
bribes, kickbacks, and other inducements, from 2009 to 2013, FPMC billed such
patients' insurance plans and programs well over half of a billion dollars and
collected over $200 million in paid claims.



 The below-listed defendants are charged in the indictment:



                         Alan Andrew Beauchamp, 64, of Dallas

                         Richard Ferdinand Toussaint, Jr., 58, of Dallas

                         Wade Neal Barker, 51, of Dallas

                         Wilton McPherson Burt, 61, of Costa Rica

                         Andrea Kay Smith, 37, of Rockwall, Texas

                         Carli Adele Hempel, 40, of Plano, Texas

                         Kelly Wade Loter, 48, of Dallas

                         Jackson Jacob, 53, of Murphy, Texas

                         Douglas Sung Won, 45, of Dallas

                         Michael Bassem Rimlawi, 45, of Dallas

                         David Daesung Kim, 54, of Southlake, Texas

                         William Daniel Nicholson IV, 46, of Dallas

                         Shawn Mark Henry, 46, of Fort Worth, Texas

                         Mrugeshkumar Kumar Shah, 42, of Garland, Texas

                         Gerald Peter Foox, 69, of Tyler, Texas

                         Frank Gonzales Jr., 41, of Midland, Texas

                         Israel Ortiz, 49, of Dallas

                         Iris Kathleen Forrest, 56, of Dallas

                         Andrew Jonathan Hillman, 40, of Dallas

                         Semyon Narosov, 51, of Dallas

                         Royce Vaughn Bicklein, 44, of San Antonio, Texas



 "Medical providers who enrich themselves through bribes and kickbacks are not
only perverting our critical health care system, but they are committing a
serious crime," said U.S. Attorney John Parker. "Massive, multi-faceted schemes
such as this one, built on illegal financial relationships, drive up the cost of
healthcare for everyone and must be stopped."







 "The charges announced today show that the government will not tolerate corrupt
practices by medical providers motivated by greed," said Dallas FBI Special
Agent in Charge Thomas M. Class, Sr. "The FBI will continue to work with our law
enforcement partners to identify those who manipulate and defraud our healthcare
system and to seek their prosecution."







 "The Defense Criminal Investigative Service (DCIS), in partnership with our
federal law enforcement partners, will continue to aggressively investigate
those who defraud the federal government, and ultimately the American taxpayers,
in order to protect the integrity of federal health care programs," said Special
Agent in Charge Janice M. Flores of the DCIS Southwest Field Office.  "Fraud and
abuse by healthcare providers poses a significant threat to the viability of
government health care programs, and today's arrests demonstrate the commitment
of DCIS and it partners in rooting out health care fraud and to hold those
accountable for their actions."







 "I would like to acknowledge and thank our OIG criminal investigators, and
their law enforcement partners, for their tireless efforts in pursuing this
case," said Deputy Inspector General Norbert E. Vint.  "Their fine work protects
the Federal Employees Health Benefits Program from those who would manipulate
the health care system in order to steal taxpayer dollars."







 "An important mission of the Office of Inspector General is to investigate
allegations relating to fraud involving the Federal Employees' Compensation Act.
We will continue to work with our law enforcement partners to investigate these
types of allegations," stated Steven Grell, Special Agent-in-Charge of the
Dallas Regional Office of the United States Department of Labor, Office of
Inspector General.







 "The allegations against the defendants in this indictment indicate that
patient trust was broken by the payments of kickbacks and bribes used to induce
surgeons to use their hospital to perform services," said Special Agent in
Charge Tamera Cantu. "IRS Criminal Investigation, along with our law enforcement
partners, will vigorously pursue corporate owners and managers that use their
company to violate laws, including healthcare regulations."







 FPMC was founded by Beauchamp, Toussaint, Barker, Burt, and others as an
out-of-network hospital; as such, it was free to set its own prices for services
and was generally reimbursed at substantially higher rates than in-network
providers.  FPMC's strategy was to maximize profit for physician investors by
refusing to join the networks of insurance plans for a period of time after its
formation, allowing its owners and managers to enrich themselves through
out-of-network billing and reimbursement.



 Toussaint and Barker co-owned FPMC; Beauchamp and Burt managed it.  Beauchamp
was FPMC's Chief Operating Officer and was an investor in FPMC.  Toussaint, an
anesthesiologist, was the President of FPMC's board of directors.  Barker, a
bariatric surgeon, was on FPMC's board of directors.  Burt was a Managing
Partner of FPMC and was also an investor in FPMC.



 FPMC's referral coordinator, Smith, owned a shell entity known as Unique
Healthcare that the coconspirators created to funnel bribe and kickback payments
to surgeons in exchange for those individuals referring patients to FPMC.  Smith
tracked surgeries and referrals so surgeons and referral sources could receive
"credit."  Another FPMC employee, Hempel, was FPMC's Director of Bariatric
Services; she led efforts to sell Medicare and Medicaid referrals from certain
coconspirators to a non-FPMC facility.



 Jacob owned a shell entity known as Adelaide Business Solutions that he and
others used to funnel bribe and kickback payments to surgeons, primary care
physicians, chiropractors, lawyers, worker's compensation preauthorization
specialists, and others in exchange for those individuals referring patients to
FPMC or to surgeons who used the hospital's facilities to perform certain
medical procedures, including surgeries.  Another company, Entity A, co-owned by
Toussaint and Barker, was a commercial real estate group that provided
commercial real estate services to FPMC and was used by the coconspirators as a
conduit for bribe and kickback payments.  Loter owned an advertising agency that
received bribe and kickback payments on behalf of physicians.



 According to the indictment, two bariatric surgeons, Kim and Nicholson,
investors in FPMC, received $4,595,000 and $3,400,000, respectively, in bribe
and kickback payments in exchange for referring their patients to FPMC.  Three
spinal surgeons, Won, Rimlawi, and Henry, also received bribe and kickback
payments in exchange for referring their patients to FPMC.  The indictment
alleges that Won received $7,000,000 and Rimlawi received $3,800,000 in bribe
and kickback payments.  Henry was also an investor in FPMC.  The surgeons spent
the vast majority of the bribe payments marketing their personal medical
practices, which benefitted them financially, or on personal expenses, such as
cars, diamonds, and payments to family members.



 Other physicians who received bribe and kickback payments in exchange for
referring patients to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical procedures,
including surgeries, at the hospital include Shah, a pain management doctor;
Gonzales, a chiropractor who received approximately $385,000 in bribes and
kickbacks; and Foox, who owned an orthopedic clinic in Tyler, Texas, and
received approximately $500,000 in bribes and kickbacks.



 Forrest, a worker's compensation preauthorization specialist, received
approximately $450,000 in bribe and kickback payments in exchange for referring
patients, including those she was preauthorizing, to FPMC or to surgeons who
performed medical procedures, including surgeries, at the hospital.  Bicklein
was a worker's compensation lawyer who received approximately $100,000 in bribe
and kickback payments in exchange for referring patients, including his clients,
to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical procedures, including surgeries, at
the hospital.



 Ortiz owned a clinic that received approximately $1,100,000 in bribe and
kickback payments for referring its patients to FPMC or to surgeons who
performed medical procedures, including surgeries, at the hospital,



 Collectively, Hillman and Narosov controlled a hospital consulting company, and
they received approximately $190,000 in bribe and kickback payments in exchange
for referring patient to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical procedures,
including surgeries, at the hospital.



 According to the indictment, as part of the conspiracy, certain coconspirators
also paid bribes and kickbacks of $500 per month to approximately 40 primary
care physicians and practices to refer patients to the hospital or to surgeons
associated with the hospital.  In addition to paying surgeons and primary care
physicians, certain coconspirators also paid a host of others, including FECA
beneficiaries, workers' compensation preauthorization specialists, lawyers,
businesses, runners, and chiropractors.  Certain coconspirators also "rented"
space in doctors' and chiropractors' offices in outlying cities, including
Foox's clinic in Tyler, and clinics in Midland and Odessa, Texas, in exchange
for patients being referred to FPMC or to surgeons who performed medical
procedures at the hospital.



 The bribes and kickbacks resulted in victim plans and programs being billed
well over half of a billion dollars, including more than $10 million to the
Department of Defense healthcare program TRICARE, more than $25 million to the
Department of Labor FECA healthcare program, and more than $60 million to the
federal employees' and retirees' FEHBP healthcare program, and FPMC collecting
more than $200 million in tainted and unlawful claims.



 Each of the 21 defendants is charged with one count of conspiracy to pay and
receive health care bribes and kickbacks; the maximum statutory penalty upon
conviction is five years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine.



 Beauchamp is charged with 10 counts of offering or paying and soliciting or
receiving illegal remuneration, in violation of the federal Anti-Kickback
Statute, and aiding and abetting.  Toussaint, Barker, and Burt are each charged
with five counts of this offense.  Jacob is charged with eight, Shah with three,
Rimlawi with two, and Won, Kim, Nicholson, Gonzales, and Forrest each with one
count of this offense.  The maximum statutory penalty upon conviction is five
years in federal prison and a $25,000 fine.



 Beauchamp is also charged with seven counts of violating the federal Travel Act
and aiding and abetting.  Jacob is also charged with six counts of this offense;
Toussaint, Barker, Burt, and Jacob are also each charged with four counts of
this offense; Foox is also charged with two counts of this offense; and Won,
Kim, Nicholson, Henry, and Gonzales are also each charged with one count.  The
maximum statutory penalty upon conviction is five years in federal prison and a
$250,000 fine.



 Beauchamp, Toussaint, Barker, and Burt are also each charged with two counts of
conspiracy to commit money laundering.  Jacob and Henry are also each charged
with one count of this offense.  The maximum statutory penalty upon conviction
is 20 years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine.



 The indictment also includes a forfeiture allegation that would require the
defendants, upon conviction, to forfeit to the U.S. any property, real or
personal, which constitutes or is derived from proceeds traceable to the
offenses.  Restitution could also be ordered.



 An indictment is an accusation by a federal grand jury, and a defendant is
entitled to the presumption of innocence unless proven guilty.



 The case was investigated by the FBI, the U.S. Department of Labor Office of
Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Labor Employee Benefits Security
Administration, the U.S. Department of Defense - Defense Criminal Investigative
Service, the U.S. Office of Personnel Management Office of Inspector General,
and Internal Revenue Service Criminal Investigation, with assistance from the
Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             197 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Former New York City Council Member Daniel Halloran Sentenced In White Plains
Federal Court To 10 Years In Prison For Role In Bribery And Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 859  words

DATELINE: Albany


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of New York has issued
the following press release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that former New York City Council Member DANIEL HALLORAN was sentenced
today in White Plains federal court to 10 years in prison in connection with his
role in arranging the bribery of New York City Republican leaders to allow New
York State Senator Malcolm Smith, a Democrat, to run as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, and accepting a $15,000 cash bribe in exchange
for designating up to $80,000 in New York City funds to a non-profit entity that
would allow the money to be embezzled through a no-show job. HALLORAN was
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kenneth M. Karas, who presided over the
two-month trial that resulted in HALLORAN'S conviction in August 2014.

U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "When elected officials, like Daniel Halloran,
not only corrupt themselves but, unseen, corrupt the body politic from within
they undermine the public's confidence in a representative form of government. I
would like to thank our law enforcement partners at the FBI and the Rockland
County District Attorney's Office for working with us to ensure that the
defendant was pursued, prosecuted, and faced justice."

According to the Complaint and the Indictment filed in federal court, the
evidence admitted at trial, and statements made at various proceedings in this
case, including today's sentencing:

HALLORAN was elected to the New York City Council in 2009, representing a
district in Queens, New York. While a member of the city council, HALLORAN
participated in two overlapping criminal schemes that involved the payment of
bribes to obtain official action. First, HALLORAN arranged for $110,000 in cash
bribes to be paid to leaders of the Republican Party so that they would allow
Smith to run for mayor on the Republican Party's ballot line. Second, HALLORAN
accepted an up-front kickback of $15,000 for designating up to $80,000 of New
York City Council discretionary funding to a company he believed was controlled
by those who paid him the bribes.

The Bribery of Republican Party Leaders

From November 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN agreed with Smith,
an undercover FBI agent posing as a wealthy real estate developer (the "UC"),
and a cooperating witness ("CW") to bribe New York City Republican Party leaders
in exchange for their authorization of Smith to appear as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, even though Smith is a registered Democrat.

In furtherance of the scheme, HALLORAN arranged for the UC and the CW to meet
Vincent Tabone, the Vice Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party, Joseph
Savino, the Chairman of the Bronx County Republican Party, and other party
leaders. HALLORAN also negotiated the size of bribes that the party leaders
required in order to authorize Smith to run on the Republican ballot line.
During a meeting with the UC, Tabone accepted a $25,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $25,000 after his committee authorized Smith to compete in the
Republican primary. Savino similarly accepted a $15,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $15,000 after he voted to authorize Smith to compete for the
Republican ballot line. In return for his efforts, HALLORAN accepted $15,500 as
a down payment on a "broker's" fee of at least $75,000 and expected to be
appointed First Deputy Mayor if Smith was elected mayor.

Bribery for City Council Discretionary Funding

From August 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN accepted an up-front
kickback of $15,000 cash from the UC and the CW in exchange for agreeing to
steer up to $80,000 in New York City Council discretionary funding to a
consulting company he believed was controlled by the UC and the CW (the
"Company").

At a meeting on September 7, 2012, at which HALLORAN and the UC discussed
HALLORAN's need to raise money for his congressional campaign, HALLORAN agreed
to hire someone of the CW's choosing for a congressional staff or some
equivalent position, and to help him raise money for his campaign. During the
discussion, HALLORAN said: "That's politics, that's politics, it's all about how
much. Not whether or will, it's about how much, and that's our politicians in
New York, they're all like that...And they get like that because of the drive
that the money does for everything else. You can't do anything without the
f***ing money." During the meeting, the CW paid HALLORAN $7,500. And near the
end of the meeting, HALLORAN remarked: "Money is what greases the wheels - good
bad, or indifferent."

In furtherance of this scheme, HALLORAN wrote two letters on New York City
Council letterhead about this funding, one to civic organizations and the other
to the Company. Despite suggesting in these letters that work would be done by
the Company to support the allotment of taxpayer money, HALLORAN agreed with the
UC and the CW that the Company would provide no services.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             198 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Former High-Ranking FIFA And CONCACAF Official Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And
Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 593  words


Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Alfredo Hawit, a former FIFA vice
president and executive committee member, the former president of CONCACAF, and
the former president and general secretary of the Honduran soccer federation
(FENAFUTH), pleaded guilty to one count of racketeering conspiracy, two counts
of wire fraud conspiracy, and one count of conspiracy to obstruct justice in
connection with his receipt of bribes in exchange for the awarding of contracts
for the media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments and FIFA World Cup
qualifier matches.  Hawit, who served in high-ranking positions in soccer from
1998 to 2015, also agreed to forfeit $950,000.  At sentencing, Hawit faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Todays plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Raymond J. Dearie.

The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; Diego G. Rodriguez, Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.

According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, in
approximately 2011 and 2012, Hawit negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands
of dollars in bribes in exchange for his agreement to exercise his influence as
acting president of CONCACAF to award an Argentine sports marketing company the
media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments, including the Gold Cup and
the CONCACAF Champions League.  Starting in approximately 2008, Hawit also
negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes in exchange
for his agreement to exercise his influence as the FENAFUTH general secretary to
award contracts to Media World, a Florida sports marketing company, for the
media and marketing rights to the Honduran national soccer teams home World Cup
qualifier matches for the 2014, 2018, and 2022 editions of the World Cup.  Over
a period of years, Media World transmitted these bribes from its U.S. bank
accounts, through an intermediary, to foreign bank accounts controlled by the
defendants family members and by a co-conspirator.  In addition, after the
original indictment in this case was unsealed on May 27, 2015, Hawit engaged in
a conspiracy to obstruct justice, and to tamper with witnesses and evidence, by
advising a co-conspirator to create sham contracts in order to mask bribe
payments already paid and, if asked, deceive law enforcement officers about the
true nature and purpose of bribe payments.

The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorneys Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Departments Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of todays prosecution.

The governments investigation is ongoing.

The Defendant:

ALFREDO HAWIT

Age:  64

Nationality:  Honduras

E.D.N.Y. Docket No. 15 CR 252 (S-1) 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             199 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Hawaii: Former Senior Executive of French Power Company Charged in Connection
with Foreign Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1029  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

A former senior executive of a French power and transportation company has been
charged in a second superseding indictment for his alleged participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to foreign government officials.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Lawrence Hoskins, 62, a former senior vice president for the Asia region for the
French company, was charged in the District of Connecticut with conspiring to
violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and to launder money, as well
as substantive FCPA and money laundering violations.  William Pomponi, a former
executive of the Connecticut-based subsidiary of the power and transportation
company who was previously charged in a superseding indictment on April 30,
2013, was charged with Hoskins in the second superseding indictment.

Frederic Pierucci, a current company executive who was previously charged in
this case, pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of conspiring to violate the
FCPA and one count of violating the FCPA.  Charges against Pierucci were
initially unsealed on April 16, 2013, along with a guilty plea by David
Rothschild, a former vice president of regional sales at the Connecticut-based
subsidiary, in connection with the bribery scheme.  Rothschild pleaded guilty on
Nov. 2, 2012.

According to the charges, the defendants, together with others, allegedly paid
bribes to officials in Indonesia - including a member of the Indonesian
Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), the
state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in Indonesia - in exchange
for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known as the Tarahan
project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide power-related
services for the citizens of Indonesia.  To conceal the bribes, the defendants
retained two consultants purportedly to provide legitimate consulting services
on behalf of the power company and its subsidiaries in connection with the
Tarahan project.  The indictment, however, alleges that the primary purpose for
hiring the consultants was to use the consultants to pay bribes to Indonesian
officials.

The first consultant retained by the defendants allegedly received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his Maryland bank account to be used to bribe the member
of Parliament. The consultant then allegedly transferred the bribe money to a
bank account in Indonesia for the benefit of the official.  According to court
documents, emails between Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, Rothschild and their
co-conspirators discuss in detail the use of the first consultant to funnel
bribes to the member of Parliament and the influence that the member of
Parliament could exert over the Tarahan project.

Court documents allege that in the fall of 2003, Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and
others determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing key
officials at PLN.  One email between employees of the power company's subsidiary
in Indonesia described PLN officials' "concern that if we have won the job,
whether their rewards will still be satisfactory or this agent only give them
pocket money and disappear."  In another email, an employee at the power
company's subsidiary in Indonesia sent an email to Hoskins asserting that the
consultant "has no grip on the PLN Tender team at all" and "is more or less
similar to [a] cashier which I feel we pay too much."  As a result, the
co-conspirators allegedly retained a second consultant to more effectively bribe
PLN officials.  The charges allege that the power company deviated from its
usual practice of paying consultants on a pro-rata basis in order to make a much
larger up-front payment to the second consultant so that the consultant could
"get the right influence."  An employee at the power company's subsidiary in
Indonesia sent an email to Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others asking them to
finalize the consultancy agreement with the front-loaded payments but stated
that in the meantime the employee would give his word to a high-level official
at PLN, according to the charges.  The defendants and their co-conspirators were
successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments to the
consultants for the alleged purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

The conspiracy to commit violations of the FCPA count carries a maximum penalty
of five years in prison and a fine of the greater of $250,000 or twice the value
gained or lost.  The substantive FCPA counts each carry a maximum penalty of
five years in prison and a fine of the greater of $100,000 or twice the value
gained or lost.  The conspiracy to commit money laundering count carries a
maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine of the greater of $500,000 or
twice the value of the property involved in the transaction.  The substantive
money laundering counts each carry a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a
fine of the greater of $500,000 or twice the value of the property involved in
the transaction.

An indictment is merely an accusation, and defendants are presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden, Conn.,
Resident Agency of the FBI.  Significant assistance was provided by the Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs, and the Department has also worked
closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the Komisi
Pemberantasan Korupsi (Corruption Eradication Commission) and deeply appreciates
KPK's assistance in this matter.

The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             200 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

MART workers fined for bribes // Each woman must pay $10,000

BYLINE: Gary V. Murray

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - Two former Montachusett Regional Transit Authority employees were
each fined $10,000 Thursday

after pleading guilty in Worcester Superior Court to charges of accepting bribes
.

Prosecutors said Maria Gutierrez, 45, of Fitchburg and Nancy Osorio, 36, of
Leominster took bribes from Newton businessman Alexander Shrayber, the former
owner of five transportation companies, to get them to bypass the authority's
low-bid system for non-emergency medical trip assignments for Medicaid patients
and direct the business to his now-defunct companies.

Mr. Shrayber was sentenced to 2-1/2 years in the House of Correction Nov. 29
after pleading guilty in June to four counts of bribing a public employee and
two counts of paying medical assistance bribes/kickbacks. The sentence was
suspended for 5 years with probation, and Mr. Shrayber was ordered to pay a
total of $200,000 in fines.

Ms. Gutierrez and Ms. Osorio each pleaded guilty Thursday to two counts of
accepting bribes as a public employee and a single count of accepting medical
assistance bribes or kickbacks.

Judge Janet Kenton-Walker sentenced each of them to 2 years in the House of
Correction, but suspended the sentences for 5 years with probation. As a
condition of probation, each woman was ordered to pay a total of $10,000 in
fines.

The sentences imposed were recommended by Assistant Attorney General Toby R.
Unger and defense lawyers Patrick K. Burke and Kevin C. Larson, who represented
Ms. Gutierrez and Ms. Osorio, respectively.

Ms. Unger told the court that Mr. Shrayber paid Ms. Osorio amounts ranging from
$500 to $2,500 in bribes every month for three years from 2007 to 2010 to get
her to bypass the low-bid system and steer the business to his firms. Ms.
Gutierrez was paid between $500 and $1,500 a month for about a year and a half
from 2008 to 2010, the prosecutor said.

Ms. Unger also told the court that Ms. Osorio and Ms. Gutierrez fully cooperated
with authorities in the investigation and prosecution of Mr. Shrayber.

Mr. Larson said that while there was no excuse for the defendants' conduct, both
women were particularly vulnerable to Mr. Shrayber's bribes because of their
financial situations.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - Two former Montachusett Regional Transit Authority
employees were each fined $10,000 Thursday after pleading guilty in Worcester
Superior Court to charges of accepting bribes.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             201 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

Corps employee accused of taking $45,000 in bribes

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 314 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - A U.S. Army Corps of Engineers employee took $45,000 in bribes
from a real estate agent in Kuwait in exchange for signing leases to house
military employees there, federal prosecutors said.

Gheevarghese Pappen, 62, was arrested at the Atlanta airport Friday as he was
returning to his home near Savannah, Ga., the Justice Department said.

A criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court in Washington, D.C., and
unsealed Tuesday charges Pappen with accepting about $45,000 in bribes, the
department said. He had been assigned to Camp Arifjan, a U.S. military base
about 40 miles south of Kuwait City. His job was to find living quarters for
Army personnel.

The complaint accuses Pappen of telling Kuwaiti real estate agent Fahhad
Abdullah Matar in May 2005 that he would only sign contracts on behalf of the
Army if Matar agreed to pay bribes.

Carl Lietz, who represented Pappen at a court appearance in Atlanta on Monday,
had no comment about the case, another lawyer in Lietz's office said Tuesday.
Pappen was released on bond, the Justice Department said.

Investigators didn't learn about the bribery scheme until late February, when an
Army chief warrant officer was told by the Kuwaiti that the monthly rent was
less than what Pappen had reported, according to court papers. Matar then
acknowledged he had paid bribes and began cooperating with Army investigators,
the court papers said.

Matar secretly recorded his meeting with Pappen on March 16 during which they
discussed payments for future housing contracts. "Why don't we do 50/50?" Pappen
said at one point, according to court papers.

The Army ordered Pappen to return to the United States the next day, although it
is not clear from court papers whether that travel had been planned before the
recorded meeting.

The charge carries a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a $250,000 fine,
the department said.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2006 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             202 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 11, 1977, Saturday, Final Edition

Officer's Role-Playing Ends in Bribery Arrests;
Officer's Role-Playing Nets Bribery Arrests

BYLINE: By Timothy S. Robinson and Alfred E. Lewis, Washington Post Staff
Writers

SECTION: Metro; C1

LENGTH: 616 words


About 3 a. m. last Oct. 28, metropolitan police Officer Jerry F. Denton entered
a Cadillac in front of the Cats Pajams massage parlor on 41st Street NW agreed
to accept bribes to "protect" the parlor from being raided.

He put the first payment of $100 inside his uniform pants pocket.  By last
Friday, he had collected $2,900 - usually in $50 weekly payments, but including
a $1,300 "bonus payment" for special information he had provided.

Last Friday, he was in the parlor when a squad of police officers raided it and
arrested the owner and a 19-year-old masseuse.  They also appeared to arrest
Denton.

Instead, unknown to the other persons arrested, Denton had been an honest
officer all along.  He had told his superiors about the alleged bribe scheme
from the start, and had turned over the "bribe" money to them.

Officer Denton's well-played role as a rogue policeman surfaced in an affidavit
filled in D. C. Superior Court for a search warrant and arrest warrants for four
persons in connection with the bribe scheme.

According to the affidavit, the message parlor owners told Denton they were
attempting to shift their location of a string of massage parlors to D.C. from
the Baltimore area because they were having difficulty with the police there.

One of the defendants said he thought Washington "to be easier than Baltimore on
the total enforcement picture of massage parlors prositution and other related
enterprises," according to police internal affairs Officers Peter J. Mulligan,
who signed the affadvit.

Investigators said the bribe-taking drama was played out for such a long period
because of the apparent attempt to organize massage parlor owners here, and to
see if there was any indication of a more widespread corruption attempt.

Some of the conversations between Denton and the parlor's owners were secretly
taped by the officer, investigators said.  However, he did not wear the hidden
recording device on the occasion after another unrelated bribery arrest by a
policeman was announced here.  The owners of the parlor searched him on that
occasion - and that occasion only - the investigators said.

According to the affidavit, Denton was first approached with a bribe offer at
the massage parlor on May 23, 1976.  Denton reportedly was making routine rounds
there when he was approached by William M. Larson, the manager of the parlor.

The affidavit said Larson, 32, of Linthicum, Md., asked Denton about the arrest
of one of the massage parior's employes on a prostitution charge and offered him
$200 to see if he could get the case dropped.  Denton turned down the money,
according to the affidavit.

After informing his superiors on the police force, Denton kept talking with
Larson and was ultimately introduced to Charles Ephraim Elmore Jr., 43, of Glen
Burnie, Md., one of the parior's owners, according to the affidavit.

The first actual bribe payment came after Denton and Elmore met in Elmore's
Cadillac last October, the affidavit asserted.

The affidavit also told Denton met with another owner of the parlor, Gary
Maynard Shoemaker, 27, of Pasadena, Md., and discussed the bribe payment with
him.

On another occasion, according to the affidavit, Denton received a $150 bribe
payment from a message parlor employee named "Angel," who removed the money from
her undergarments to give to the policeman.

"Angel" later was identified by authorities as Melissa Darlene Blankenship, 19,
of the massage parior at 4617 1/2 41st St. N. W.

Blankenship, Elmore, Shoemaker and Larson all were arrested on local bribery
charges and released on $2,000 bond, according to Assistant U. S.  Attorney
Charles Harkins Jr., of the major crimes divison.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture 1, The Cats Pajamas Massage parior is at 4617 1/2 41st St. NW,
By Larry Morris - The Washington Post, Picture 2, CHARLES S. ROBB; Picture 3,
RICHARD S. REYNOLDS, . . . polls show both candidates close with many still
undecided

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                             203 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Washington: New Jersey Doctor Sentenced to More Than Three Years in Prison for
Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals Scheme Involving New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with an office in North Arlington, New Jersey, was sentenced today to
37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part
of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC
(BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president, and numerous associates, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Angelo Calabrese, 57, of Pine Brook, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.

Including Calabrese, 37 people--25 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Calabrese admitted accepting more than $130,000 in bribes to refer at least
$600,000 in lab business to BLS. From 2010 through 2013, Calabrese received over
$4,500 per month from BLS through sham consulting and rental agreements.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Calabrese to serve one
year of supervised release and ordered him to pay a fine of $5,000. As part of
his guilty plea, Calabrese must forfeit $334,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             204 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           August 12, 1987, Wednesday

58 CHARGED IN STEEL BRIBE SCAM

BYLINE: Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 274 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Federal corruption charges were announced Tuesday against 58 New York state
business and public officials who allegedly accepted bribes in return for steel
purchasing contracts.

The charges stemmed from a two-and-a-half year undercover FBI investigation
known as "Operation Double Steel," in which an agent of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation posing as a steel product salesman contacted officials involved n
purchasing materials and equipment.

Forty-four of the 58 indictments were handed down on present and former public
officials. The alleged corrupt practices took place in 15 counties north of New
York City.

U.S. Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani said that out of 106 bribe offers made, 105
were accepted. The lone bribe refusal came from an official who said the offer
wasn't enough, Mr. Giuliani said. He said the official, who was not identified,
was being charged with other bribes.

An employee of one of the steel companies reportedly involved, Duso Steel of
Liberty, N.Y., said the company wasn't a steel producer itself, but purchased
steel plow cutting edges from U.S. manufacturers and resold them. Another steel
company cited, Hackensack, N.J.-based Columbian Steel Co., couldn't be reached
for comment.

Thomas Sheer, head of the FBI's New York City office, said the undercover agent,
who was not identified, handed out total of $ 40,000 in bribes. Mr. Sheer said
the sting operation was "broader in scope than Abscam."

Officials said 14 people from five material and equipment suppliers were also
charged in connection with kickback schemes. Nine of those 14 already have
pleaded guilty, officials said.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             205 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 17, 1983, Monday, Late City Final Edition

BRIBERY TRIAL BEGINS FOR OFFICAL IN NORTH CAROLINA

SECTION: Section B; Page 6, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 626 words

DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C., Oct. 16


Lieut. Gov. James C. Green goes on trial here Monday on charges of participating
in a bribery and conspiracy scheme involving an undercover Federal agent who
posed as a man with underworld connections trying to open a bar.

Mr. Green has denied wrongdoing and has contended that Government agents tried
''with no success whatsoever to entrap me into breaking the law.''

Mr. Green, a Democrat and a tobacco warehouse owner from Bladen County, plans to
run for Governor in 1984, but has put aside campaigning until the trial ends. He
is the highest official to be indicted in connection with an undercover
operation in southeastern North Carolina by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

That operation has resulted in 36 Federal convictions. The Green trial is
expected to draw renewed attention to the tactics the bureau's agents used in
the investigation.

Connections in the Underworld

In the investigation, Robert J. Drdak, a Federal agent, posed as a businessman
with underworld connections who wanted to open a restaurant and bar in the town
of Bolton. After Mr. Drdak's investigation activities, the town held a
referendum and approved the sale of liquor by the drink.

The indictment charges that Mr. Green and Mr. Drdak reached an understanding
that the Lieutenant Governor would try to influence the state Alcoholic Beverage
Control Commission and other governmental agencies. The grand jury indictment
charged that Mr. Green accepted a $2,000 bribe from Mr. Drdak, conspired to
receive bribes of $10,000 a month and conspired with an acquaintance, Howard F.
Watts, to receive a bribe.

Mr. Green has said that Mr. Drdak once mailed him a cashier's check for $2,000,
but the Lieutenant Governor said he returned it to Mr. Drdak.

''What you have is an F.B.I. undercover campaign targeting the Lieutenant
Governor,'' said Wade M. Smith, an attorney for Mr. Green. Mr. Smith said that
Mr. Green's defense will be that he never conspired or consented to receive
bribes and that he never accepted a bribe.

State Senator Is Acquitted

Two months ago, State Senator R. C. Soles of Tabor City, a political ally of Mr.
Green, was acquitted of helping a third party get a bribe, also in the covert
operation. Mr. Drdak was the chief witness at that trial. Mr. Soles's acquittal,
the first in the investigation, stirred a debate in North Carolina over the
F.B.I.'s tactics.

''We will let the jury draw any inference it wishes to draw about the F.B.I.
conduct,'' Mr. Smith said, speaking of Mr. Green's trial. ''We will not take on
any more baggage than we have to. We're going to defend Jimmy Green, not
prosecute the F.B.I.''

Mr. Drdak is expected to be the chief witness at the trial, and tape recordings
of conversations between Mr. Green and Mr. Drdak are likely to be introduced as
evidence.

Other cases were tried in Federal court, but Federal authorities gave their
findings on Mr. Green to state authorities. Mr. Green was indicted by a Wake
County grand jury and will be tried in Wake County Superior Court.

Judge Long to Preside

State Chief Justice Joseph Branch selected Superior Court Judge James M. Long to
preside over the trial. Judge Long presided over the 1980 trial of six Ku Klux
Klansmen and Nazis who were acquitted of killing five Communist demonstrators in
an anti-Klan rally in Greensboro in 1979.

The Wake County District Attorney's office has hired James L. Blackburn, a
former United States attorney, as special prosecutor. Mr. Blackburn was the
prosecutor in the 1979 trial in which Dr. Jeffrey MacDonald, a former Green
Beret, was convicted of murdering his wife and two children.

Mr. Green's attorneys, Mr. Smith and Howard F. Twiggs, are both former state
legislators.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             206 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                          December 28, 2005 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Scrushy seeks solo trial in bribe case

BYLINE: Laurence Viele Davidson, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP7

LENGTH: 332  words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


ATLANTA - HealthSouth Corp. founder Richard Scrushy has asked to be tried
separately from other defendants on federal charges he arranged $500US,000 in
bribes to former Alabama governor Don Siegelman.

Mr. Scrushy, acquitted in June of a $2US.7-billion accounting fraud at
HealthSouth, gave Mr. Siegelman the money in exchange for a seat on Alabama's
hospital regulatory board, according to an indictment. Mr. Scrushy has said the
two $250US,000 payments were campaign contributions.

The charges are part of a broader indictment that accuses Mr. Siegelman, his
former chief of staff Paul Hamrick and former Department of Transportation
commissioner Gary Mack Roberts of rigging municipal bond allocations,
construction contracts, trash fees and alcohol regulation in exchange for bribes
. The men will be arraigned today on an amended indictment in U.S. District
Court in Montgomery, Ala.

"The evidence relating to the allegations that defendant Siegelman solicited and
accepted bribes from other individuals in numerous transactions totally
unrelated to defendant Scrushy will result in compelling prejudice to defendant
Scrushy," according to Mr. Scrushy's brief, filed Dec. 22.

Acting U.S. Attorney Louis Franklin in Montgomery said prosecutors will oppose
Mr. Scrushy's request. "We think the cases are sufficiently similar," he said.

The day after Mr. Scrushy's appearance, HealthSouth shareholders will gather in
Birmingham, Ala., for their first meeting since the accounting fraud was
revealed in March, 2003.

Mr. Scrushy is charged with seven counts in a 34-count indictment. Mr. Siegelman
lost his bid for a second four-year term in 2002. He is running in next year's
Democratic primary for governor.

The allegations against Mr. Scrushy stem from two $250US,000 payments to Mr.
Siegelman's campaign to institute a state lottery. After the payments, Mr.
Scrushy got a seat on the state Certificate of Need board, which decides what
equipment hospitals can use and what treatments they can offer.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Bloomberg News; Richard Scrushy doesn't want to be tried with a
former governor accused of taking bribes.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2005 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             207 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          January 14, 1998, Wednesday

EIGHT COPS AND FORMER CHIEF >BUSTED IN N.J. BRIBE SCANDAL

BYLINE: Angela Mosconi, Neil Graves and Andy Geller

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 016

LENGTH: 583 words


"Vice was being sold on the streets of West New York . . . by the Police
Department to the highest bidder." U.S. ATTORNEY FAITH HOCHBERG

Eight members of a New Jersey police department - and the former chief - were
busted yesterday on charges of taking $600,000 in bribes to protect gambling and
prostitution.

A 69-count indictment accused the members of the West New York police force and
13 other people of running a wide-open town where gambling, bordellos and
after-hours joints flourished - for a price.

"Vice was being sold on the streets of West New York," U.S. Attorney Faith
Hochberg charged. "Vice was being sold by the Police Department to the highest
bidder."

Newark FBI boss William Megary said the "very heart of the West New York Police
Department was a criminal enterprise. They allowed their shields to be bought
and sold."

The 22 people indicted include a reputed member of the Cuban mob in New Jersey.

The highest number of charges - 45 - were filed against Alexander Oriente, West
New York's police chief from 1994 until he suddenly retired in September after
four decades on the 140-member force.

Oriente, 64, said at the time that he wanted to spend more time with his
grandchildren.

His 41-year-old son, who is also named Alexander and is a supervisor in the
detective division, was also indicted.

Police corruption allowed three amusement companies - one with reputed ties to
the Cuban mob - to place video gambling machines in more than 200 West New York
establishments, the indictment said.

The operation, which "flourished in large measure" because police "protected the
activity," brought in millions of dollars, it said.

The cops "encouraged and coerced" local merchants to install video machines from
the three companies, the indictment said.

They allegedly leaked information about crackdowns to the merchants while
raiding other business people who did not pay bribes.

In return, the cops allegedly collected $300,000 in bribes.

"If you paid a bribe you got protection. If you didn't pay a bribe, you got
raided," Hochberg said.

The cops also received $95,000 in bribes from bars that sold liquor after
closing hours, the indictment said.

They also got $130,000 from a prostitution ring run by Ana Teresa
Rodriguez-Morales, 35, of Union, it said.

The indictment also revealed that the city's towing service was forced to pay a
$6 kickback for every car it towed.

The alleged bag man was identified as Prudencio Lemagne, a self-employed
construction contractor who was a friend of ex-chief Oriente.

The others indicted included Jose Grana Sr., 59, a reputed member of the Cuban
mob.

A 1992 report by the New Jersey Commission of Investigation said he was an
organized-crime figure with interests in bars.

Grana owns Boardwalk Amusements, which distributes video poker and other
gambling machines to restaurants and bars, authorities said.

The cops, who face up to 20 years in prison if convicted, were arraigned on
racketeering and extortion charges before Magistrate Ronald Hedges in Newark
federal court. They each were held in lieu of bail up to $500,000.

They denied the charges.

"My client vehemently denies any criminal wrongdoing and looks forward to the
day he can put this horrible nightmare behind him," said ex-chief Oriente's
lawyer, Alfred DeCotiss.

The town's police force is being run by Joseph Pelliccio, chief-of-staff for the
Hudson County sheriff, until the corruption charges are resolved.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1998 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             208 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 4, 2010 Thursday

St. Paul / Maneuvering over sentence rankles judge

BYLINE: By David Hanners dhanners@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: CRIME AND COURT STORIES; Minnesota-Twin Cities

LENGTH: 731 words


After some last-minute wrangling over what he was admitting to, a former federal
prison guard who took a bribe was sentenced to a year in prison Thursday.

Richard Torres, 26, a corrections officer at the Federal Medical Center in
Rochester, had been charged with accepting $6,500 from an inmate's family in
return for smuggling cell phones, tobacco (federal prisons are smoke-free) and a
body-building dietary supplement to the inmate.

Torres was named in a four-count indictment handed up in July, and in September,
he pleaded guilty to a single count of soliciting a bribe. U.S. District Judge
Patrick Schiltz, of St. Paul, ordered a presentence investigation, and when
federal prosecutors and Torres' public defender later outlined their differing
positions on what the sentence should be, the judge expressed consternation that
they seemingly couldn't agree on just what Torres was admitting to.

"Before I can sentence a defendant, I have to know what he did, and your papers
leave me puzzled about what Mr. Torres admits doing," the judge wrote Tuesday in
a letter to the attorneys.

Torres had pleaded guilty to accepting a single bribe of $1,500 but also
admitted at his plea hearing that he took other bribes, for a total of $6,500.
The latter admission would add to the point total under the guidelines federal
courts use to determine a person's sentence, making his potential sentence
stiffer.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Clifford Wardlaw was pushing to add the points, known as
an "enhancement," because of the total amount of money Torres accepted in bribes
. Defense attorney Andrew Mohring argued against enhancement, saying Torres
admitted only to soliciting one bribe, in November 2008, and didn't admit to
accepting the additional bribes that made up the $6,500 figure.

Schiltz seemed peeved.

"This confusion appears to be caused by the parties attempting to manipulate the
facts to produce a particular guidelines recommendation," the judge wrote. He
went on to say that "this manipulation leaves the Court in a very difficult
position" and that he wasn't certain he could accept the plea agreement or
sentence at the hearing scheduled for Thursday.

Mohring replied that Torres was withdrawing his objections to enhancement. With
both sides in agreement, the sentencing went on.

Torres was hired as a corrections officer at the federal facility in Rochester
in November 2005. The all-male facility provides medical and psychological care
to federal prisoners.

The public portions of his case file don't indicate how officials discovered the
crimes, but they do say that on Jan. 22, 2009, a member of the Justice
Department's Office of the Inspector General interviewed an unidentified inmate
at Rochester who told her Torres had smuggled in items for him.

The inmate claimed Torres told him he needed money "and insinuated that he would
bring contraband into the institution," the special agent's affidavit said. The
inmate asked Torres if he'd get him tobacco and cell phones, and Torres
assented.

Federal prisons went smoke-free in April 2006, and prisoners are not allowed to
have cell phones.

The charges against Torres claimed he twice smuggled phones, tobacco and
creatine powder, an over-the-counter supplement said to enhance strength. The
inmate paid Torres $2,000 for the contraband. The inmate then sold the goods to
other inmates.

The inmate said he paid Torres by having his father make two $1,000 deposits to
the correction officer's bank account.

In March 2009, the inspector general's office set up a sting in an attempt to
catch Torres. Agents contacted the inmate's brother and had him try to arrange
another exchange. In May, Torres told the man to put $1,500 into his account.

Torres told the man that in the past, the inmate's father had bought most of the
"stuff" and had given it to Torres, who then passed it along to the inmate.

In a pre-sentencing memorandum to the judge, Mohring sought leniency, saying
Torres had himself described his actions "as a fundamental betrayal of the
brotherhood of correctional officers of which he once was a part, and
acknowledged the deep shame he carries for having done so."

He also said Torres had decided to study electrical heating, ventilating and
air-conditioning engineering and to work as a mechanic.

"He stands before the court humbled, but resolved to go forward," the lawyer
wrote.

David Hanners can be reached at 612-338-6516.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             209 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 8, 1983, Thursday, Final Edition

IRS Arrests 2 in Ga. In $500,000 Bribery

BYLINE: By Martha M. Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business & Finance; B1

LENGTH: 351 words


A Georgia tax shelter promoter and his business associate have been arrested and
charged with offering more than $500,000 in bribes to an Internal Revenue
Service agent, the IRS and the Justice Department said yesterday.

According to an IRS affidavit, the two men were arrested after a "final payoff"
was made in an Atlanta hotel on Monday. The amount allegedly offered would be
the biggest attempted bribe of an IRS officer, the agency said.

The IRS said that the two men, Virgil Lovell of Cornelia, Ga., and Charles Hara
of Clayton, Ohio, and Lantana, Fla., had sought to bribe an agent to end an IRS
investigation of a "tax shelter program" carried out by Lovell's company, Lovana
Farms Inc.

The attempted bribes were also supposed to buy assurances that the IRS would
wipe out approximately $6 million in tax liabilities owed by Lovell and his
company and to find out whether or not the IRS was conducting a criminal
investigation of the tax shelter program, the agency said. In addition, the two
men sought to buy a declaration that the program was not considered to be an
abusive shelter by the IRS, according to the agency.

The IRS agent approached, Myron M. Klein, a collections officer in Jacksonville,
Fla., informed the IRS of the attempted bribe and worked in full cooperation
with the Internal Security Division of the IRS.

Hara, who allegedly initiated contact with Klein in February, was the IRS
agent's supervisor at a company where Klein worked before joining the IRS. That
meeting was followed by a meeting of Hara and Lovell with Klein at which Lovell
offered the IRS agent the bribe, the IRS said.

The Lovell operation reportedly involves a cattle-feeding operation as a tax
shelter.

After a series of payments in cash, which were handed over to IRS internal
security officers, Hara met Klein in the downtown Atlanta Marriott Hotel, with
$114,400 in cash plus notes that could be redeemed in 90 days for $235,000 cash.

Hara was arrested after the meeting, and Lovell turned himself in on Tuesday,
the IRS said.

The IRS investigation of the tax shelter is continuing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             210 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 11, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

CHARGES ASSERT PARKING BRIBES OF $3.8 MILLION

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 425 words


Nearly $3.8 million in bribes was paid or promised to city officials, Democratic
Party officials and business executives in exchange for contracts at the city's
Parking Violations Bureau, according to an analysis of recent state and Federal
indictments.

According to the indictments, the bulk of the bribes - more than $2.7 million -
was to be shared by former Borough President Donald R. Manes and the former
deputy director of the bureau, Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, longtime friends who,
prosecutors contend, were at the center of a ''racketeering conspiracy'' at the
bureau.

Mr. Manes stabbed himself to death after details of the corruption emerged and
after Mr. Lindenauer agreed to cooperate with prosecutors in exchange for
leniency.

Also prominent on the list is Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx Democratic leader,
who, according to the indictments received stock valued at its peak at $750,000
and held for Mr. Lindenauer and Mr. Manes stock in Citisource Inc., a computer
company, valued at $1.5 million.

Fee-Splitting Proposal Alleged

Prosecutors say that Mr. Friedman also paid $30,000 to Mr. Manes and Mr.
Lindenauer in an effort to help Datacom Systems Corporation, a collection
company, win a new contract and promised to split a 10 percent commission on
earnings under the contract.

In addition, the indictments list a $58,000 payment made by Mr. Manes to Mr.
Lindenauer last New Year's Eve ''to assist Lindenauer in fleeing the United
States'' after they ''became aware that they were under investigation.''

Lawyers for Mr. Friedman, one of the city's best known and influential
politicians, called the charges ''ludicrous,'' and lawyers for other defendants
have disputed the charges as well.

In all, the indictments list bribes paid by about half of all collection
companies that had contracts with the Parking Violations Bureau, some dating
back to 1980, most continuing until December 1985 or January 1986, when Mr.
Lindenauer was arrested.

A joint venture - the Bernard Joint Venture - formed by two of the collection
companies, Sennet & Krumholtz and Systematic Recovery Service, is also said to
have paid or promised bribes.

Bribes paid to date, according to the indictments, total $1.58 million,
including the stock paid to Mr. Friedman valued at its peak value of $15 a
share. It is now trading at about 87 1/2 cents a share.

In addition, $2.2 million was promised, including the $1.5 million in Citisource
stock promised to Mr. Lindenauer, according to the indictment, and bribes
promised on future contracts.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: ANALYSIS

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             211 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Former Post Office Manager Pleads Guilty in Bribe Scheme

LENGTH: 771  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Former U.S. Postal Service Station Manager Richard Lewis Wright, III, age 47, of
Baltimore, pleaded guilty today to bribery in connection with a scheme to obtain
U.S. Postal Service contracts in exchange for bribe payments.

On August 29, 2014, U.S. District Judge Ellen L. Hollander sentenced former USPS
Station Manager Kimberly A. Parnell, age 43 and contractor Shane Anderson, age
37, both of Baltimore, to 20 months and 15 months in prison, respectively, each
followed by three years of supervised release, for bribery in the same scheme.

The plea and sentences were announced by United States Attorney for the District
of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Paul Bowman of the U.S.
Postal Service Office of Inspector General; and Special Agent in Charge Stephen
E. Vogt of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

According to their plea agreements, Wright was the USPS Station Manager of the
Waverly Station in Baltimore, Maryland, and Parnell was the USPS Station Manager
of the Pikesville Station in Pikesville, Maryland. As part of their official
duties as a USPS Station Manager, Wright and Parnell had the authority to
contract for landscaping, snow removal, and certain cleaning services at the
Post Offices they managed, and to submit invoices for those services to USPS for
payment.

Beginning in 2007 for Wright and 2010 for Parnell, and continuing until July
2013, Wright and Parnell admitted that they created, approved and submitted
false and inflated invoices for maintenance work allegedly performed at their
Post Offices and then split the proceeds with the providers of the services,
including Shane Anderson and others.

According to their plea agreements, Wright and Parnell initially accepted bribes
from co-conspirator G.M., who owned a landscaping company. In July 2013, after
becoming increasingly frustrated with G.M's slow payment of bribes to Wright and
Parnell, Parnell recruited Shane Anderson, who operated a landscaping company in
Baltimore, called Youthful Minds Lawn Care and who she believed would make bribe
payments in exchange for USPS contracts, to participate in the scheme.
Thereafter, Wright, Parnell and Anderson agreed that Wright and Parnell would
submit false and inflated invoices from Youthful Minds Lawn Care for landscaping
services in exchange for a percentage of the proceeds paid to Youthful Minds by
the USPS.

Beginning in August 2010, Wright also began soliciting and receiving bribes from
Ladeena Sketers-Anderson, who operated Keep U Clean cleaning service.
Sketers-Anderson received USPS payments, approved by Wright for services
allegedly provided at Wright's Post Office, and deposited the checks into her
account. Sketers-Anderson then issued checks to a cleaning company owned by
Wright, which Wright endorsed and cashed.

In all, Wright submitted a total of $591,791 worth of invoices in exchange for
bribe payments and Parnell submitted a total of $50,470 worth of invoices in
exchange for bribe payments.

Richard Wright faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison. As part of his
plea agreement, Wright will be required to pay restitution in the full amount of
the loss, which will be determined by the Court. U.S. District Judge Ellen L.
Hollander has scheduled Wright's sentencing for February 6, 2015, at 10:00 a.m.

Ladena D. Sketers-Anderson, age 48, of Randallstown, Maryland, previously
pleaded guilty to her role in the scheme and is scheduled to be sentenced on
September 12, 2014, at 11:00 a.m.

The National Procurement Fraud Task Force was formed in October 2006 to promote
the early detection, identification, prevention and prosecution of procurement
fraud associated with the increase in government contracting activity for
national security and other government programs. The Procurement Fraud Task
Force includes the United States Attorneys' Offices, the FBI, the U.S.
Inspectors General community and a number of other federal law enforcement
agencies. This case, as well as other cases brought by members of the Task
Force, demonstrates the Department of Justice's commitment to helping ensure the
integrity of the government procurement process.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the USPS-Office of Inspector
General and FBI for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant United States Attorney Leo J. Wise, who is prosecuting the case.
This content has been reproduced from its original source.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             212 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Post Office Manager Pleads Guilty in Bribe Scheme

LENGTH: 762  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Former U.S. Postal Service Station Manager Richard Lewis Wright, III, age 47, of
Baltimore, pleaded guilty today to bribery in connection with a scheme to obtain
U.S. Postal Service contracts in exchange for bribe payments.

On August 29, 2014, U.S. District Judge Ellen L. Hollander sentenced former USPS
Station Manager Kimberly A. Parnell, age 43 and contractor Shane Anderson, age
37, both of Baltimore, to 20 months and 15 months in prison, respectively, each
followed by three years of supervised release, for bribery in the same scheme.

The plea and sentences were announced by United States Attorney for the District
of Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Paul Bowman of the U.S.
Postal Service Office of Inspector General; and Special Agent in Charge Stephen
E. Vogt of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

According to their plea agreements, Wright was the USPS Station Manager of the
Waverly Station in Baltimore, Maryland, and Parnell was the USPS Station Manager
of the Pikesville Station in Pikesville, Maryland. As part of their official
duties as a USPS Station Manager, Wright and Parnell had the authority to
contract for landscaping, snow removal, and certain cleaning services at the
Post Offices they managed, and to submit invoices for those services to USPS for
payment.

Beginning in 2007 for Wright and 2010 for Parnell, and continuing until July
2013, Wright and Parnell admitted that they created, approved and submitted
false and inflated invoices for maintenance work allegedly performed at their
Post Offices and then split the proceeds with the providers of the services,
including Shane Anderson and others.

According to their plea agreements, Wright and Parnell initially accepted bribes
from co-conspirator G.M., who owned a landscaping company. In July 2013, after
becoming increasingly frustrated with G.M's slow payment of bribes to Wright and
Parnell, Parnell recruited Shane Anderson, who operated a landscaping company in
Baltimore, called Youthful Minds Lawn Care and who she believed would make bribe
payments in exchange for USPS contracts, to participate in the scheme.
Thereafter, Wright, Parnell and Anderson agreed that Wright and Parnell would
submit false and inflated invoices from Youthful Minds Lawn Care for landscaping
services in exchange for a percentage of the proceeds paid to Youthful Minds by
the USPS.

Beginning in August 2010, Wright also began soliciting and receiving bribes from
Ladeena Sketers-Anderson, who operated Keep U Clean cleaning service.
Sketers-Anderson received USPS payments, approved by Wright for services
allegedly provided at Wright's Post Office, and deposited the checks into her
account. Sketers-Anderson then issued checks to a cleaning company owned by
Wright, which Wright endorsed and cashed.

In all, Wright submitted a total of $591,791 worth of invoices in exchange for
bribe payments and Parnell submitted a total of $50,470 worth of invoices in
exchange for bribe payments.

Richard Wright faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison. As part of his
plea agreement, Wright will be required to pay restitution in the full amount of
the loss, which will be determined by the Court. U.S. District Judge Ellen L.
Hollander has scheduled Wright's sentencing for February 6, 2015, at 10:00 a.m.

Ladena D. Sketers-Anderson, age 48, of Randallstown, Maryland, previously
pleaded guilty to her role in the scheme and is scheduled to be sentenced on
September 12, 2014, at 11:00 a.m.

The National Procurement Fraud Task Force was formed in October 2006 to promote
the early detection, identification, prevention and prosecution of procurement
fraud associated with the increase in government contracting activity for
national security and other government programs. The Procurement Fraud Task
Force includes the United States Attorneys' Offices, the FBI, the U.S.
Inspectors General community and a number of other federal law enforcement
agencies. This case, as well as other cases brought by members of the Task
Force, demonstrates the Department of Justice's commitment to helping ensure the
integrity of the government procurement process.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the USPS-Office of Inspector
General and FBI for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant United States Attorney Leo J. Wise, who is prosecuting the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             213 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            April 20, 2013 Saturday

High court receives defense motions in Colonies corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 824 words


A defense attorney, in a motion filed with the state Supreme Court, alleges that
state and San Bernardino County prosecutors are asking the high court to
overturn a century of established case law and reinstate bribery charges against
Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum.

Burum's attorney, Stephen Larson, argues in his motion filed Monday that even if
the high court sides with prosecutors in their request and new precedent is set
on how bribery laws can be applied, it cannot be applied retroactively to Burum.

"Even if this court overturned this long-standing precedent, due process
precludes the ex post facto application of such a new and unexpected
interpretation of the law to Mr. Burum," Larson wrote in his brief.

Burum and three former county officials were indicted in May 2011 in connection
with a sweeping corruption scandal involving the county's $102 million
settlement with Burum's investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in November 2006.
Prosecutors with the District Attorney's and state Attorney General's offices
allege Burum conspired with former Assistant Assessor Jim Erwin, former county
Supervisor Paul Biane, and Mark Kirk, former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary
Ovitt, to influence a majority vote of the Board of Supervisors approving the
landmark settlement with Colonies Partners. The settlement ended nearly four
years of heated legal battle over flood-control improvements at a 434-acre
residential and commercial development in Upland bankrolled by Colonies
Partners.

Biane, Ovitt and then-Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Postmus voted in favor
of the settlement, which no county attorney or outside counsel ratified.
Supervisor Josie Gonzales and then-Supervisor Dennis Hansberger dissented.

In a plea agreement with prosecutors, Postmus pleaded guilty in March 2011 to 15
felonies stemming from the Colonies case and a companion corruption case in
which he admitted to using his elected position as county assessor for political
gain. He also admitted to taking a $100,000 bribe from Burum in exchange for his
vote approving the Colonies settlement.

Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
leniency.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

In August 2011, San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, acting on
a motion filed by Larson and attorneys for the other three defendants, dismissed
all bribery charges against Burum, ruling that people accused of giving bribes
cannot also be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, which is
what prosecutors charged Burum and Erwin with.

Prosecutors appealed to the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside,
which rejected their request to reinstate the four bribery-related charges
against Burum, whom prosecutors say was the mastermind behind the alleged
conspiracy and bribery scheme.

In December, prosecutors petitioned the state Supreme Court to review the
appellate court's decision. In her petition, Supervising Deputy Attorney General
Melissa Mandel detailed allegations of how Burum enlisted the assistance of
Erwin to engage in coercive conduct to ensure there would be the necessary three
votes in favor of the settlement.

"The indictment sets forth the use of threats, extortion and other tactics by
Burum and Erwin to wear down Postmus and Biane's resistance and compel them to
accept the bribes and pressure each other to accept as well," Mandel wrote in
her petition to the high court.

She contested the appellate court's affirmation of McCarville's determination
that a person who is offered a bribe could not be charged with aiding and
abetting the receipt of a bribe, arguing that prior case law was established
based on "faulty analysis" that has "muddied the law. "

"The mastermind of a massive bribery scheme is given a free pass while his
underling is held criminally liable for the same conduct," Mandel wrote in the
petition, arguing that the dismissed bribery charges against Erwin and Burum
should be reinstated.

Larson argued in his motion that prosecutors improperly charged Burum in order
to circumvent the statute of limitations on giving bribes, which is three years.
So, he said,prosecutors charged Burum with aiding and abetting the receipt of a
bribe,

"As the alleged bribe giver, Mr. Burum cannot, as a matter of law, be charged as
an aider and abettor in the separate and distinct crimes of receiving those very
same bribes," Larson wrote in his motion.

Prosecutors allege that Burum, after receiving the $102 million settlement, made
four payments of $100,000 to sham political action committees secretly
controlled by Postmus, Biane, Kirk and Erwin and that the defendants then used
the money for their own personal interests.

Burum maintains that the contributions were transparent, legal and above board -
merely a good-faith gesture to rebuild relationships damaged by the contentious
litigation.

The state Supreme Court has yet to schedule a date to hear oral arguments.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             214 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: New York Doctor Sentenced to More Than Three Years in Prison for
Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 522 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A doctor with a practice in Rockville Centre, New York, was sentenced today to
46 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part
of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous
associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Brett Halper, 41, of Glen Head, New York, previously pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count
of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark federal
court.



 Including Halper, 38 people--26 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $11.5 million to date through forfeiture.



 According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:



 Halper admitted that from January 2011 through April 2013, he accepted bribes
in return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was often paid in
excess of $5,000 per month. Halper's referrals generated approximately
$2,900,000 in lab business for BLS.



 In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Halper to serve two
years of supervised release and fined him $100,000. Halper must also forfeit
$325,000.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's sentence.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset
Forfeiture and Money Laundering Unit.



 U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             215 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Four Businessmen and Two Foreign Officials Plead Guilty in
Connection with Bribes Paid to Mexican Aviation Officials

LENGTH: 953  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Charges were unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded guilty
for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials in order to secure
aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and controlled
entities, and two for conspiring to launder the proceeds of the schemes.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson of the Southern District of
Texas, Special Agent in Charge Mark Dawson of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston, Special
Agent in Charge Shane Folden of ICE-HSI in San Antonio and Special Agent in
Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI)
Houston Field Office made the announcement.



 "The six convictions announced today demonstrate the department's commitment to
holding accountable those who further official corruption through bribery," said
Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "These convictions are the result of a
coordinated effort by prosecutors and agents who built the cases brick by brick
using traditional law enforcement techniques."



 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials," said Special Agent in Charge Folden.  "This case serves as a
reminder that HSI will use all its resources to identify, investigate and
dismantle these criminal networks wherever they operate."



 "The individuals involved in this scheme paid millions of dollars in bribes to
foreign officials in exchange for aviation contracts that placed legitimate
businesses at a significant competitive disadvantage," said Special Agent in
Charge Goss.  "IRS-CI's role in unraveling this scheme assisted in facilitating
the guilty pleas that were announced today."



 Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, Texas, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a
citizen of Mexico, pleaded guilty on Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively,
before U.S. District Judge Alfred H. Bennett of the Southern District of Texas
to conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy
to commit wire fraud.  Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of
Brownsville, Texas, both pleaded guilty on Nov. 2, 2016, before U.S. District
Judge Ricardo H. Hinojosa of the Southern District of Texas to one count of
conspiring to violate the FCPA.  Ramnarine and Perez are scheduled to be
sentenced on Jan. 30, 2017.  Ray and Valdez Pinon are scheduled to be sentenced
Feb. 23, 2016.



 Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both of whom
are citizens of Mexico and were previous officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.  Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty before Judge Bennett on Dec. 9,
2015, and is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 12, 2017.  Nevarez pleaded guilty
before Judge Hinojosa on March 4, 2016, and was sentenced to 15 months in prison
on May 27, 2016.



 According to the defendants' plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials.  The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.
Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials.  As
part of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayor's state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.  As part of his
guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican public
university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for taking
certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the university.
Nevarez also admitted that he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others to
launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.



 ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are investigating the case.  Trial Attorneys Christopher
Cestaro and Kevin R. Gingras of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse Salazar and Arthur Jones of the Southern District
of Texas are prosecuting the case.  The Criminal Division's Office of
International Affairs also provided significant assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             216 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      The Halifax Daily News (Nova Scotia)

                            October 10, 2004 Sunday

OK to help friend enter corrupt college system

BYLINE: Cohen, Randy

SECTION: YOUR LAW & ETHICS; Pg. You24

LENGTH: 584  words


Question: A friend from Nigeria wants to go to college to study medicine and has
asked me to help him. Unfortunately, Nigerian universities are notoriously
corrupt.

Many young people are forced to bribe professors and university officials to
gain admittance.

Wouldn't I contribute to a corrupt system by helping my friend bribe his way
into the university? - Katie Boyle, Claremont, Calif.

l You would do well to help your friend. He is a victim of extortion, not a
perpetrator; I'm sure he would prefer not to pay a bribe to get into school. It
would be different if he were the one extracting bribes. You should not help a
corrupt admissions officer, but neither should you be reluctant to help your
friend cope with dire circumstances.

Even if paying a bribe encourages the perpetuation of bribery, it is
unreasonable to demand moral purity from the victims of a corrupt system or to
insist that they defer college until utopia arrives.

Another option: help your friend pursue his schooling in a different country,
one with a more honest educational climate. But that is asking a lot of you
both, and even then, it would do little good for those most victimized by
corruption - Nigerians without the wherewithal to pay a bribe, who are then
deprived of higher education as a result.

Question: My wife was aghast when our just-turned-12 son received a $45 gift for
his birthday. Her idea of an appropriate range for the countless birthday
parties that come up is $15 to $20. She proposed returning the gift and - I
didn't let her finish. I was too upset about her putting an arbitrary ceiling on
what someone else should spend. Am I standing in the way of her ethical high
road? - P.G., Maplewood, N.J.

l Why do you assume that your wife's way is the ethical high road - that setting
a limit on someone else's giving is ethical?

Unless that big spender was coerced or conned into proffering so lavish a gift,
she may give what she likes.

An overly expensive gift - is that what this is? Are we sure your community
embraces your wife's standard? - may carry certain disadvantages, including an
implied obligation to reciprocate such largess, but that makes it unfortunate,
not unethical. It is also true that a lavish gift can have a corrupting
influence on its recipient, but this is unlikely to be relevant here, unless
your son is that rare 12-year-old senator or CEO.

Question: In the coming U.S. presidential election, I am quite partisan, but my
wife couldn't care less: she says all politicians are crooked and cater only to
their biggest donors.

Would it be unethical to ask her to vote for "my" candidate? I know she would,
and otherwise, because of apathy, she would not vote at all. - Matthew Eicher,
New Bloomfield, Pa.

Your wife - she's not Ralph Nader, is she? Four years ago he, too, asserted that
there were only trivial differences between the candidates, a view even many of
his longtime supporters have come to see as, to put it mildly, deranged (OK, not
all that mildly).

The merits of your wife's political analysis aside (if by "political analysis"
we mean "cheap cynicism" and by "aside" we mean "slipped in parenthetically"), I
see no obstacle to your urging her to vote your way. Such efforts are the pith
and marrow of campaigning. The candidates themselves have been known to appeal
to voters' emotions. You may do likewise in trying to form a marital bloc.

Readers can direct their questions and comments by e-mail to
ethicist@nytimes.com. This column originates in The New York Times Magazine.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             217 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Four Businessmen and Two Foreign Officials Plead Guilty in Connection with
Bribes Paid to Mexican Aviation Officials

LENGTH: 957  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  Charges were unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded guilty
for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials in order to secure
aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and controlled
entities, and two for conspiring to launder the proceeds of the schemes.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson of the Southern District of
Texas, Special Agent in Charge Mark Dawson of U.S. Immigration and Customs
Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston, Special
Agent in Charge Shane Folden of ICE-HSI in San Antonio and Special Agent in
Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI)
Houston Field Office made the announcement.



 "The six convictions announced today demonstrate the department's commitment to
holding accountable those who further official corruption through bribery," said
Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "These convictions are the result of a
coordinated effort by prosecutors and agents who built the cases brick by brick
using traditional law enforcement techniques."



 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials," said Special Agent in Charge Folden.  "This case serves as a
reminder that HSI will use all its resources to identify, investigate and
dismantle these criminal networks wherever they operate."



 "The individuals involved in this scheme paid millions of dollars in bribes to
foreign officials in exchange for aviation contracts that placed legitimate
businesses at a significant competitive disadvantage," said Special Agent in
Charge Goss.  "IRS-CI's role in unraveling this scheme assisted in facilitating
the guilty pleas that were announced today."



 Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, Texas, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a
citizen of Mexico, pleaded guilty on Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively,
before U.S. District Judge Alfred H. Bennett of the Southern District of Texas
to conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy
to commit wire fraud.  Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of
Brownsville, Texas, both pleaded guilty on Nov. 2, 2016, before U.S. District
Judge Ricardo H. Hinojosa of the Southern District of Texas to one count of
conspiring to violate the FCPA.  Ramnarine and Perez are scheduled to be
sentenced on Jan. 30, 2017.  Ray and Valdez Pinon are scheduled to be sentenced
Feb. 23, 2016.



 Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both of whom
are citizens of Mexico and were previous officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering.  Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty before Judge Bennett on Dec. 9,
2015, and is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 12, 2017.  Nevarez pleaded guilty
before Judge Hinojosa on March 4, 2016, and was sentenced to 15 months in prison
on May 27, 2016.



 According to the defendants' plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials.  The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.
Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials.  As
part of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayor's state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.  As part of his
guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican public
university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for taking
certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the university.
Nevarez also admitted that he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others to
launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.



 ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are investigating the case.  Trial Attorneys Christopher
Cestaro and Kevin R. Gingras of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse Salazar and Arthur Jones of the Southern District
of Texas are prosecuting the case.  The Criminal Division's Office of
International Affairs also provided significant assistance.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             218 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 18, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Housing Aides Are Charged In Bribe Case

BYLINE: By M. A. FARBER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 742 words


Four of the 10 supervisors responsible for awarding more than $55 million a year
in contracts to repair housing owned by New York City were charged yesterday
with accepting bribes from private contractors.

Three of the four - and a field inspector who worked with them - were arrested
and handcuffed at their desks at the Department of Housing Preservation and
Development. Hours later, Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney,
announced that three contractors had been charged with bribery in the broadening
investigation.

The city employees were accused, in a felony complaint, of steering general
construction maintenance contracts worth $500 to $10,000 to certain companies
that would do roofing, window, floor, masonry and other maintenance work on some
of the 5,000 residential buildings taken over by the city for nonpayment of
taxes.

'A Pervasive Problem'

Mr. Morgenthau said he expected a ''significant number'' of additional arrests
and was also investigating the housing agency's units that supervise contracts
for more than $10,000.

''We've seen enough to believe this is a pervasive problem,'' the District
Attorney said at a news conference in his office at One Hogan Place.

One result of the bid-rigging scheme was poor quality work on the buildings, Mr.
Morgenthau said, observing that some of the ''city's poorest citizens, who have
nowhere else to turn for housing'' live there. Many hours of wiretapped
conversations, he said, showed that, in exchange for payoffs, department
employees approved ''substandard workmanship and inflated bills submitted by the
contractors.''

Mr. Morgenthau said the employees arrested yesterday, each of whom had salaries
of $29,500 a year, were known to have accepted at least $15,000 in bribes -
including $10,000 from a ''confidential informant'' who was then awarded 28
contracts. The District Attorney estimated that the full extent of the bribes
taken by these and other employees was at least in the ''hundreds of thousands''
of dollars.

One employee, according to Christopher Prather, an assistant district attorney
who is leading the grand jury presentation, is believed to have spent thousands
of dollars in bribe money at an Atlantic City casino in a 10-week period.

The employees arrested at the housing agency's offices in lower Manhattan - all
of whom have been suspended - were John Pasti, 49 years old, 904 Rhinelander
Avenue, the Bronx; Anton Olsovi, 45, 8723 Flatlands Avenue, Brooklyn; Lawrence
Scagnelli, 26, 2174 Hone Avenue, the Bronx and Stephen Donofrio, 59, 58-26 207th
Street, Bayside, Queens. Mr. Donofrio was a field inspector.

Also arrested was Frank Seccafica, 28, 1030 Crawford Avenue, Brooklyn, who left
the agency last October.

None of the employees, charged with working together to solicit bribes, had been
with the agency for more than three and a half years.

The contractors arrested were Abdul Kalam of the Dhaka Construction Company and
Alamgir Kabir of the Kabir-Hoque Construction Company both in Brooklyn, and Ijaz
Ahmad Rana of the Shalimar Construction Company in the Bronx.

New Controls Planned

Both the employees and the contractors were charged with class D felonies,
punishable by up to seven years in prison. From the filing of the felony
complaint, the District Attorney has up to six months to obtain an indictment.

Abraham Biderman, who took over a month ago as Commissioner of the housing
agency, said in an interview yesterday that he was devising new procedures and
''controls'' to prevent corruption in ''a system that was too easy to
manipulate.''

The supervisors who were arrested were members of the ''open market order'' unit
of the agency's maintenance and technical services division. As such, Mr.
Morgenthau said, they had authority to solicit and accept - by telephone - bids
of $500 to $10,000 for maintenance contracts.

A bidding process is not required for contracts under $500, Mr. Prather said.

Mr. Morgenthau said the employees - who were supposed to take three bids for a
job and give it to the low bidder - received kickbacks of up to 10 percent of a
contract price. The wiretaps, he said, showed that in some more complicated
situations, apparently where the employees were being monitored by superiors,
contractors were sold confidential information on city price guidelines that
enabled them to ''inflate bids without bidding so high that the city would not
award the contracts.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             219 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             June 20, 2009 Saturday

STANFORD BRIBES CHARGED BY FEDS

BYLINE: KAJA WHITEHOUSE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 317 words


The bizarre fraud case of wealthy Texan R. Allen Stanford took a turn yesterday
after federal prosecutors pointed a finger at a high-ranking Antiguan financial
regulator, who they say accepted bribes from Stanford in exchange for covering
up a $7 billion Ponzi scheme.

That revelation came as Stanford, 59, and a cadre of cohorts were indicted in
connection with the alleged fraud, which has extended from Stanford's Houston
headquarters to the tropical island of Antigua, where Stanford was knighted and
is referred to as "Sir Allen."

In addition to Stanford, his former chief investment officer, Laura
Pendergest-Holt, 35, was indicted for refusing to cooperate with the Securities
and Exchange Commission.

But perhaps the most surprising indictment was that of Leroy King, a 63-year-old
former administrator and CEO of Antigua's Financial Services Regulatory
Commission, who's been accused of lying to investigators to cover up the fraud
as well as accepting bribes. Prosecutors said the bribes came in the form of
cash and Super Bowl tickets.

Stanford faced the charges in Richmond, Va., but is expected to stand trail in
Houston. Because he is seen as a flight risk, he was ordered detained.

King, Pendergest-Holt and a host of other executives of Stanford's financial
firm were also slapped with additional civil charges by the SEC, which first
sued Stanford in February. In addition, King was slapped with a civil lawsuit by
the SEC.

Both the SEC and Justice Department cases allege that Stanford used an
Antigua-based offshore bank he controlled to defraud investors who purchased
approximately $7 billion in certificates of deposit.

Instead of investing the money, some of which came from his Houston-based
brokerage firm, he "misused and misappropriated most of those investor assets,
including diverting more than $1.6 billion into undisclosed personal loans to
Stanford," the feds said.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ALLEN STANFORD Indicted.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             220 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 4, 2015 Wednesday

Idaho: Psst, We'll Pay You A Bribe If You Read This Story

LENGTH: 1073  words

DATELINE: Boise


American Falls District Library of Idaho has issued the followinga news release:

Your child is sick and requires admission to the hospital. As the clerk tut-tuts
over the shortage of beds, he casts a speculative eye over his clipboard. The
situation becomes clear: It's time to break out the wallet and cough up a bribe.
Again.

Paying bribes for essential health services might seem alien to most of us in
the Western world, but it's a fact of life for an estimated 1.6 billion people
around the globe, according to a new book.

Paying Bribes for Public Services: A Global Guide to Grassroots Corruption found
that nearly a quarter of the world's population has had to pay bribes for access
to public services, such as health care or education, or to police officers
after being stopped. The authors -- Richard Rose of the University of
Strathclyde and Dr. Caryn Peiffer of the University of Birmingham -- based their
findings on surveys and interviews involving more than 250,000 people in 119
countries.
A Somali man walks in front of a high-rise apartment building under construction
in Mogadishu on Nov. 4. Somalia, along with North Korea, is seen as the
most-corrupt country in the world, according to the Corruption Perception Index
released today by Transparency International.
The Two-Way
Which Countries Are The Most Corrupt?

On a continentwide basis, Africa seems to be where hands were out the most, with
29 percent of respondents saying they'd been forced to pay bribes one time or
another. Latin America wasn't far behind, with 22 percent of respondents paying
bribes. Europe (at 4 percent) and America (5 percent) had the lowest overall
rates.

But continental figures can mislead, says Rose. "From country to country, within
continents, we found major differences. Thus, it is wrong to claim Asian values
or African culture as the chief cause of corruption."

In Africa, 63 percent of respondents in Sierra Leone reported paying bribes
compared with only 4 percent in Botswana. In the European Union, 29 percent of
people reported paying bribes in Lithuania while fewer than 1 percent of Britons
said they'd had to bribe a public official.

One thing seemed nearly universal: Almost everybody (at the paying end) resented
it. "The great majority of people in every country think bribery is wrong," says
Rose. "They pay because the alternative is doing without health care or a better
education for their children." The professor agreed to answer some of our
questions by email -- and we didn't even have to offer a bribe.

Why is grass-roots bribery such a factor in the developing world?

Government spending in many of these places took off before the establishment of
rule of law for distributing services fairly. By contrast, in developed
countries, the rule of law was established in the 19th century well before the
big spending welfare state programs were introduced, so systems were in place
for distributing services fairly.

Moreover, developing countries have been much quicker to give all their citizens
free entitlement to social services [in theory], but some have not appropriated
sufficient funds to provide services for all. The resulting scarcity means
public officials can use the payment of bribes to decide who gets what there is.

The European contribution to global corruption is in the bribes that
multi-national corporations pay to political elites to obtain big-bucks
contracts for such things as building dams or supplying military aircraft.

What are bribes paid for?

In education, teachers sell high marks on examinations and even degrees. In
health care, a family may scrape to pay a bribe to get a hospital treatment for
a family member -- and then find it is expected to pay more for the medicines
needed for post-operation recovery [due to the short supply].

How can countries cut down on bribery?
Video footage shows what appears to be Kenyan soldiers carrying plastic shopping
bags as they leave a supermarket at Westgate Mall during a terrorist attack in
Nairobi on Sept. 21. Kenya's security forces have long been rated as among the
most corrupt institutions in the country, but even jaded Kenyans were shocked by
the CCTV footage.
Parallels
In Kenya, Corruption Is Widely Seen, Rarely Punished
Eric Wainaina
Goats and Soda
Meet The Musicians And Storytellers Of Kenya

Countries may be better able to learn how to reduce bribery by looking at their
neighbors rather than importing advice from Western aid agencies or management
consultants. Western advisers often set impossible targets based on best
practice. [Rose's co-author, Caryn Peiffer, points to several tactics: public
shaming on the "I Paid a Bribe" website launched by Transparency International
in Kenya, and the 40 percent pay raise given to Zambian civil servants in 2007
so they'd be less likely to seek bribes.]

There are obstacles to change. Absence of elections means governors are not
accountable. Lack of rule of law in handling money also means that courts and
police can be used to intimidate critics. There is also resignation: People pay
a bribe if the alternative is to do without what they want.

Can bribes ever be helpful or are they always harmful in some way?

When it is done to speed up delivery of a permit or a passport, this does not do
any harm except for the cost of being exploited by an official.

If a bribe is paid to get a place in a good school to which a youth is not
entitled, then it harms the family whose child is excluded. Bribes paid to evade
taxes impose higher taxes or poorer services on those who do pay taxes.

Are bribes always cash?

Cash is the normal form. In poor countries, goods in kind may be given, such as
a chicken. There is a gray area between something given as an expression of
gratitude, e.g. flowers or homegrown produce, and something that has a real
value, such as a breeding animal.

Why is there such a difference in the level of bribery in some African
countries?

In African countries that were formerly British colonies, more attention was
given to institutionalizing procedures for fair treatment than in former French
colonies. Greater freedom of the press makes it harder for governors to hide
bribery and the availability of more public services reduces bribery. In
countries where ethnic fractionalization is politically salient, such as Nigeria
and Sierra Leone, bribery rates are higher.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             221 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Former State Assemblyman Tom Calderon Sentenced to Federal Prison
for Laundering Bribe Payments Made to His Brother

LENGTH: 580  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Thomas M. Calderon, a former member of the California State Assembly who became
a political consultant, was sentenced this afternoon to one year and one day of
incarceration after he pleaded guilty to money laundering for allowing bribe
money to be funneled through his firm.



             Tom Calderon was sentenced today by United States District Judge
Christina A. Snyder, who ordered that the sentence be served half in federal
prison and half in home detention. In addition to the period of incarceration,
Judge Snyder ordered Tom Calderon to serve 100 hours of community service.

             Tom Calderon, 62, of Montebello, pleaded guilty on June 6 to one
count of money laundering and admitted that he agreed to conceal bribe payments
coming from two undercover FBI agents by having the money go through his
political consulting company, the Calderon Group.

             The bribes were made to Tom Calderon's brother, Ronald S. Calderon,
who at the time was a California State Senator. Ron Calderon pleaded guilty on
June 21 and admitted accepting bribes from the undercover agents and a
businessman in exchange for performing official acts as a legislator. Ron
Calderon, 59, also of Montebello, is scheduled to be sentenced by Judge Snyder
next Monday, although he has asked to continue his sentencing date.

             When he pleaded guilty, Tom Calderon specifically admitted that in
2013 he deposited a $30,000 bribe payment from an undercover agent into the
Calderon Group's bank account and then wrote a $9,000 check to Ron Calderon's
daughter.

             "Tom Calderon was all too aware of the bribe payments to his
brother and that his brother had agreed to a quid pro quo with the undercover
agents," said United States Attorney Eileen M. Decker. "Tom Calderon facilitated
these bribe payments by helping to conceal his brother's corrupt activities from
the public."

             "Today's sentencing sends a message to those interested in using
access to public office in order to reap personal benefits that they will be
held responsible for their actions," said Deirdre Fike, the Assistant Director
in Charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office. "Mr. Calderon used his family
ties to benefit personally at the expense of the constituents represented by his
brother's office."

             Tom Calderon and his brother were both indicted by a federal grand
jury in 2014. Tom Calderon was charged with conspiring with his brother to
commit money laundering and seven substantive counts of money laundering. The
money laundering charge that Tom Calderon pleaded guilty to was count 22 in the
indictment.

             "IRS Criminal Investigation tirelessly untangled the web of illicit
transactions that lead to Thomas Calderon being held accountable for his role in
this scheme," stated IRS Criminal Investigation's Acting Special Agent in
Charge, Anthony J. Orlando. "IRS CI remains committed to investigating those who
engage in political corruption and tarnish our democratic system."

             The investigation into the Calderons was conducted by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and IRS Criminal Investigation.

             This case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Mack E. Jenkins of the Public Corruption and Civil Rights Section.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             222 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Former State Assemblyman Tom Calderon Sentenced to Federal Prison
for Laundering Bribe Payments Made to His Brother

LENGTH: 580  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Thomas M. Calderon, a former member of the California State Assembly who became
a political consultant, was sentenced this afternoon to one year and one day of
incarceration after he pleaded guilty to money laundering for allowing bribe
money to be funneled through his firm.



             Tom Calderon was sentenced today by United States District Judge
Christina A. Snyder, who ordered that the sentence be served half in federal
prison and half in home detention. In addition to the period of incarceration,
Judge Snyder ordered Tom Calderon to serve 100 hours of community service.

             Tom Calderon, 62, of Montebello, pleaded guilty on June 6 to one
count of money laundering and admitted that he agreed to conceal bribe payments
coming from two undercover FBI agents by having the money go through his
political consulting company, the Calderon Group.

             The bribes were made to Tom Calderon's brother, Ronald S. Calderon,
who at the time was a California State Senator. Ron Calderon pleaded guilty on
June 21 and admitted accepting bribes from the undercover agents and a
businessman in exchange for performing official acts as a legislator. Ron
Calderon, 59, also of Montebello, is scheduled to be sentenced by Judge Snyder
next Monday, although he has asked to continue his sentencing date.

             When he pleaded guilty, Tom Calderon specifically admitted that in
2013 he deposited a $30,000 bribe payment from an undercover agent into the
Calderon Group's bank account and then wrote a $9,000 check to Ron Calderon's
daughter.

             "Tom Calderon was all too aware of the bribe payments to his
brother and that his brother had agreed to a quid pro quo with the undercover
agents," said United States Attorney Eileen M. Decker. "Tom Calderon facilitated
these bribe payments by helping to conceal his brother's corrupt activities from
the public."

             "Today's sentencing sends a message to those interested in using
access to public office in order to reap personal benefits that they will be
held responsible for their actions," said Deirdre Fike, the Assistant Director
in Charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office. "Mr. Calderon used his family
ties to benefit personally at the expense of the constituents represented by his
brother's office."

             Tom Calderon and his brother were both indicted by a federal grand
jury in 2014. Tom Calderon was charged with conspiring with his brother to
commit money laundering and seven substantive counts of money laundering. The
money laundering charge that Tom Calderon pleaded guilty to was count 22 in the
indictment.

             "IRS Criminal Investigation tirelessly untangled the web of illicit
transactions that lead to Thomas Calderon being held accountable for his role in
this scheme," stated IRS Criminal Investigation's Acting Special Agent in
Charge, Anthony J. Orlando. "IRS CI remains committed to investigating those who
engage in political corruption and tarnish our democratic system."

             The investigation into the Calderons was conducted by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and IRS Criminal Investigation.

             This case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Mack E. Jenkins of the Public Corruption and Civil Rights Section.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             223 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          November 30, 2005 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

After bribe case, Young reviews projects

BYLINE: BILL ADAIR

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 473 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


One day after Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham pleaded guilty to taking bribes from
a defense contractor, Rep. C.W. Bill Young said he was reviewing Cunningham's
requests for defense projects to make sure they were legitimate.

Young, the Indian Shores Republican who chairs the House Appropriations Defense
Subcommittee, said he was closely examining Cunningham's requests.

"I have gone over everything that Duke asked to be included in the bill," said
Young, whose committee oversees spending for military projects. "I find most of
it is very legitimate and supported by the Department of Defense. But we are
being doubly sure that anything shaky is not going to stay in."

Cunningham, a member of Young's subcommittee and the Select Committee on
Intelligence, on Monday resigned from Congress after he tearfully acknowledged
taking $2.4-million in bribes from defense contractors and others. Prosecutors
said the bribes were paid through checks totaling more than $1-million, cash,
antiques, rugs, furniture, vacations and yacht club fees.

Prosecutors said Cunningham, a Republican from Southern California, used his
clout to steer defense projects to the people who bribed him. The 33-page guilty
plea did not name the alleged conspirators, but details such as business
addresses and occupations made some of their identities apparent, including
Mitchell Wade, the former president of MZM Inc., a Washington, D.C., company
that did classified intelligence work for the military. The company, which has
since merged with Athena Innovative Solutions, has an office in Tampa, not far
from MacDill Air Force Base, where Special Operations Command is based.

Young, who has known Cunningham for years, said he was shocked to learn his
colleague took bribes.

"It's hard to believe," Young said. "I always thought Duke was a really straight
arrow."

Young became chairman of the subcommittee in January after serving six years as
chairman of the full Appropriations Committee. Young said he was not in charge
of the subcommittee when Cunningham was trying to get defense money for the
companies.

Young said he was unaware of MZM and others involved with Cunningham until he
saw news reports earlier this year. Young checked his records and said he has
never had any contact with the companies or received any campaign contributions
from them.

Young said he last saw Cunningham on Nov. 18, the final day before the
Thanksgiving recess. At the time, Cunningham was still maintaining his innocence
and was handing out fliers asking his House colleagues to contribute to his
legal defense defense fund.

Young did not contribute, he said.

Cunningham's bribes "reflect so poorly on the whole Congress and the whole
system," Young said. "It certainly undermines the public's respect for the
political world."

Information from the Associated Press was used in this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: TIMES 2

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Rep. C.W. Bill Young

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             224 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 22, 2013 Friday

Former Atlantic City inspector indicted for allegedly taking bribes

BYLINE: Anjalee Khemlani, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


Nov. 22--A former city licensing inspector was indicted for allegedly taking
bribes from taxi cab drivers and massage parlors in Atlantic City.

Logan Holt Jr., 54, of Galloway Township, was a licensing inspector from
2002-2012, according to a statement from the state Office of the Attorney
General.

He was charged with three counts of bribery, one count of official misconduct
and one count of conspiracy- all second degree charges- for incidents in 2011
investigated by the state police.

Holt allegedly accepted $800 from a taxi cab operator in return for dismissing
two tickets for the condition of the operator's vehicle on April 1, 2010, the
OAG said.

A second incident took place on May 11, 2010 when Holt allegedly accepted $250
from the same operator for allowing his cab to pass the annual city vehicle
inspection, the OAG said.

Similarly, he allegedly accepted cash bribes or sexual favors from massage
parlors and stress therapy centers on Pacific and Atlantic Avenues, and in
return he overlooked enforcement of regulations governing those businesses, the
OAG said.

The investigation began after the city's Department of Licenses and Inspections
received a complaint about the alleged bribes, according to the OAG.

Holt will be ordered to appear in court for an arraignment in Atlantic County
Superior Court, but no date has been scheduled yet.

"City inspectors perform a vital function by enforcing ordinances and
regulations intended to protect the public from unscrupulous and unsafe business
operators," said acting Attorney General Hoffman. "When inspectors like Holt
start taking bribes to ignore violations, public health and safety are put at
risk. We will aggressively prosecute this type of corruption."

"Holt allegedly used his official authority over certain licensed businesses in
Atlantic City as a personal license to enrich himself through bribes," said Elie
Honig, director of the state Division of Criminal Justice. "We have zero
tolerance for such conduct, which undermines public faith in government. Holt
now faces serious criminal charges."

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20131122-1AC-Former-Atlantic-City-inspector-indicted-for-allegedly-taking-bribes
-1122-20131122

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                             225 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday

Money for not smoking not a bribe

BYLINE: Dear Abby

SECTION: GO!; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 268 words


Dear Abby I was surprised to see you equate a concerned grandmother's creative
solution to smoking with bribery in your Feb. 14 column. The word "bribe" has a
negative connotation. What the grandmother did was offer an incentive, NOT a
bribe, that will benefit her grandchildren in the long run. I think the woman
should be congratulated.

At 43, she's still a nonsmoker and she has now made that same bet with her
children. It's the best money I ever spent. - RETIRED CLINICAL SOCIAL WORKER

Dear Abby In my many years as a school psychologist, I have counseled hundreds
of parents and teachers about dealing with behavioral issues in children. I
often make the distinction between a "bribe" and a "reward" by describing a
bribe as something you give someone to do something dishonest, while a reward is
given for doing something commendable. What she did was reward their good choice
in not developing a potentially fatal habit. - OLD-SCHOOL PSYCHOLOGIST

Dear Abby When you give someone money for something that has already been
completed, it's a paycheck and not a bribe. It was pointed out to me that few of
us would continue to go to work if we weren't paid for it, and those
grandchildren were being paid for "work" that was already completed. It's an
important distinction that may be helpful for parents and other adults to
understand. - FORMER SCHOOL PRINCIPAL

Dear Abby is written by Abigail Van Buren, also known as Jeanne Phillips, and
was founded by her mother, Pauline Phillips. Write Dear Abby at www.DearAbby.com
or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This is a Quark CopyDesk document!

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Pantagraph


                             226 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 19, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Former Virginia Subcontractor Pleads Guilty to Bribery

LENGTH: 422  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Dana J. Boente, Acting U.S. Attorney for the Eastern
District of Virginia, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense
Criminal Investigative Service   Mid-Atlantic Field Office (DCIS), Acting
Executive Assistant Director Charles T. May Jr. of the Naval Criminal
Investigative Service (NCIS) Atlantic Operations and Special Agent in Charge
Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field Office made the announcement after
the plea was accepted by U.S. Magistrate Judge Douglas E. Miller in the Eastern
District of Virginia.

Hardman was charged by criminal information on Feb. 12, 2014, with paying a
bribe to public officials.  Hardman faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in
prison when he is sentenced on June 6, 2014.

According to a statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, in November
2004, Hardman and another businessman established a government contracting
corporation in Chesapeake, Va., to provide support to the Military Sealift
Command (MSC) on various telecommunications projects.   Shortly thereafter, in
early 2005, Hardman and his business partner agreed to pay cash bribes to two
MSC officials in exchange for official action to steer government contracts to
Hardman's corporation.   From March 2005 and until 2007, Hardman, his business
partner and others paid the MSC officials approximately $3,000 each month in
cash bribes.   During this time, Hardman and his business partner withdrew
approximately $144,000 in cash, which was then provided to the two MSC officials
in exchange for their assistance in securing MSC contracting and subcontracting
business for Hardman's company.

According to court documents, in February 2009, Hardman left his former business
and formed another government contracting company in Chesapeake with another
businessman.   The two MSC officials again agreed to steer contracting work to
Hardman's new company in exchange for receiving bribes from Hardman and his new
business partner.   In May 2009, Hardman and his new business partner paid each
of the two MSC officials $25,000 in cash bribes.

On Feb. 12, 2014, one of the MSC officials, Kenny Toy, who was the Afloat
Programs Manager for MSC's N6 Command, Control, Communication and Computer
Systems Directorate, pleaded guilty to accepting bribes in conjunction with this
scheme.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             227 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 7, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Howard Cannon, 90, Senator Who Served Four Terms, Dies

BYLINE:  By DAVID STOUT

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 633 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 6


Former Senator Howard W. Cannon of Nevada, who served four terms as a moderate
Democrat and was unseated after Teamsters union officials were accused of
offering him a bribe, died today at a hospice in Las Vegas. He was 90.

Mr. Cannon had been in ill health for several years and died of congestive heart
failure, a family friend told The Associated Press.

Mr. Cannon was chairman of the Senate Commerce Committee in the late 1970's.
Federal prosecutors built a case alleging that on Jan. 10, 1979, Mr. Cannon met
in his Las Vegas office with Roy L. Williams, the president of the Teamsters,
and several Williams associates to hear the Teamsters chief's plea that Mr.
Cannon use his influence to block a bill to deregulate the trucking industry.

The government charged that Mr. Cannon was assured of a valuable piece of Las
Vegas real estate in return for his help. Mr. Cannon was never indicted, swore
that he had never been offered a bribe and insisted that he did not know the
union leader "from a bale of hay" when the supposed bribe offer was made.

When he was called as a defense witness at the trial of Mr. Williams and the
others in November 1982, Mr. Cannon insisted repeatedly that no bribe had been
offered. Two other witnesses contradicted Mr. Cannon, saying that he had been
assured he would be well treated on the land transaction.

The land was eventually sold to someone else, and the legislation the Teamsters
disliked was passed early in 1980.

Mr. Williams and his co-defendants were convicted. The union chief was sentenced
to several years in prison.

Despite his denials of wrongdoing, the Teamsters union episode hurt Mr. Cannon
politically. At the start of 1982, he expressed confidence that he would win
re-election. But he lost his seat that fall in a close upset to a Republican,
Chic Hecht, a former Nevada state senator who had worked in Ronald Reagan's 1976
and 1980 presidential campaigns.

Mr. Cannon said later that his most significant accomplishment in the Senate was
his role in passing legislation that deregulated the airline and trucking
industries.

Born on Jan. 26, 1912, in St. George, Utah, where his father operated a cattle
ranch, Howard Walter Cannon graduated from Arizona State Teachers College, where
he starred in several sports, and received his law degree from the University of
Arizona.

During World War II, he was the pilot of a transport plane that was shot down
over the Netherlands in 1944 after dropping a contingent of paratroopers. He and
a fellow officer, Frank Krebs, hid for six weeks behind German lines before
American troops liberated the area.

Mr. Cannon was awarded a Distinguished Flying Cross. He became a major general
in the Air Force Reserve and flew as a hobby for much of his life. Mr. Krebs
later became a Senate aide for Mr. Cannon.

Mr. Cannon practiced law in Las Vegas after the war and was elected city
attorney in 1949. He narrowly won the Democratic primary for the Senate in 1958
and ousted the incumbent Republican, George W. Malone.

In 1964, he faced a tough re-election battle. Nevada had segregationist
tendencies at the time, and some voters resented Mr. Cannon's vote to end a
filibuster by Southern Democrats trying to block the Civil Rights Act. Some
Republican strategists tried to link Mr. Cannon to Bobby Baker, the Senate
secretary who was then at the center of a financial scandal.

Mr. Cannon beat the Republican candidate, Paul Laxalt, by 48 votes of more than
134,000 cast.

He easily won again in 1970 and 1976, but in 1982 he lost to Mr. Hecht by 5,657
votes of about 235,000 cast. Afterward, Mr. Cannon complained that reporters had
not been aggressive enough in pressuring Mr. Hecht on important issues.

Mr. Cannon is survived by his wife, Dorothy; a son, Alan; and a daughter, Nancy
Downey, all of Las Vegas.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Howard W. Cannon

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Howard W. Cannon (Associated Press)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             228 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 26, 1980, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

BETHLEHEM IS FINED ON SHIP BRIBES

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H.LUBASCH

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 675 words


The Bethlehem Steel Corporation was fined $325,000 yesterday on criminal charges
that it had used secret funds to pay more than $400,000 in bribes to obtain ship
repair business.

Judge Robert W. Sweet, who imposed the fine in Federal District Court in
Manhattan, said ''competition in corruption will not be condoned.'' Bethlehem
pleaded guilty to the charges on July 24, admitting it had paid the bribes from
1972 to 1976 to get repair contracts for American and foreign ships.

Jane W. Parver, the prosecutor, told the judge in a sentencing memorandum that
Bethlehem had also bribed ''various naval officers of Colombia,'' including a
retired admiral, to obtain profitable contracts to repair Colombian destroyers.

The prosecutor's memorandum said that Bethlehem had arranged a $50,000 bribe for
a ''Colombian naval logistical officer'' who provided the corporation with
details of bids submitted by competitors for two destroyer repair contracts in
the early 1960's.

In 1972 and 1973, after the logistical officer retired as an admiral, Bethlehem
shipyard personnel promised him 3 percent of a $4 million repair contract for
another Colombian destroyer, according to the memorandum. It said Bethlehem paid
''at least $100,000'' in bribes to the retired admiral and a new logistical
officer who succeeded him.

Secret Swiss Fund

Bethlehem paid additional bribes to a Colombian Navy liaison officer stationed
at the corporation's Baltimore shipyard, the memorandum said. Miss Parver
declined to name any recipients of the bribes, which came largely from a secret
$1.7 million fund that Bethlehem had established in Switzerland.

In a related civil case in Philadelphia, court documents said false repair bills
had been submitted to a Colombian Navy captain, Luis J.  Borja, who supervised
repairs on a destroyer in Bethlehem's shipyard in Baltimore in 1974. Neither Mr.
Borja nor the Colombian Navy has commented on the cases.

The documents also said that payments on ship repair work by Bethlehem had been
made to Hellenic Lines, United Philippine Lines and Grancolombiana, an operator
of charter ships.

Peter E. Fleming Jr., a lawyer for Bethlehem, suggested in the criminal case
that Judge Sweet should fine the corporation $200,000.  The judge could have
imposed a maximum fine of more than $500,000.

Conduct 'Stains Reputation'

Mr. Fleming said in a sentencing memorandum that Bethlehem had ''unequivocally
accepted corporate responsibility'' for illegal payments. But he said the
charges to which it pleaded did not mention foreign naval payments and no such
payments were admitted.

His memorandum noted that Bethlehem had pleaded to charges that employees of its
shipbuilding division had made illegal payoffs ''to induce representatives of
various privately owned ships to steer ship repair business to that division's
six shipyards.''

He said ''the corporation took immediate steps to terminate the wrongful
conduct'' when the management found out about it in a 1976 inquiry by the
Securities and Exchange Commission.

''We can assure this court that the corporation is determined to prevent any
such conduct in the future,'' the lawyer said, calling the payoffs ''conduct
which stains its reputation.''

Mr. Fleming said that ship repairing was ''only a small part'' of Bethlehem's
business'' and that illegal payoffs had been made on ''only a small percentage''
of the ship repair work. The corporation is second only to United States Steel
among the nation's steelmakers.

Bethlehem's corporate headquarters said in a statement that knowledge of the
illegal activity had been denied by Donald H.  Trautlein, the chairman of
Bethlehem; Walter F. Williams, the corporation's president and former vice
president for shipbuilding, and David H. Klinges, the current vice president for
shipbuilding.

The prosecutor told the judge that bribe payments were ''a wellestablished fact
of corporate life'' in Bethlehem's ship division, with a ''very lengthy history
of unlawful payments going back perhaps more than 20 years.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             229 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            September 6, 2009 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Officials go to sheriff over bribe

SECTION: METRO; Sylvia Cooper; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 1597 words


The warden threw a party in the county jail.The prison band was there and they
began to wail.The band was jumpin' and the joint began to swing.You should've
heard those knocked out jailbirds sing.

Let's rock everybody, let's rock.

Augusta was already rocking last week as news spread that someone had attempted
to bribe Mayor Pro Tem Alvin Mason and Commissioner Corey Johnson and that an
arrest could come as early as Tuesday.

Mr. Mason and Mr. Johnson were offered posts as part of the management team of a
$16 million parking deck that would be built near the planned trade and
exhibition center in exchange for their votes to start construction.

The two were said to be highly offended and paid a little visit to the sheriff,
who started an investigation about 10 days ago. All 10 city commissioners have
been questioned by sheriff's investigators and the FBI. Some showed up with
lawyers. Sheriff Ronnie Strength will neither confirm nor deny that there is an
investigation, but other city officials did.

The offer to share in parking concessions in exchange for their votes is in
writing and is in investigators' hands. After Commissioners Don Grantham and
Jerry Brigham learned of the bribe offer, they met with the other white
commissioners to discuss the situation, but they took no action.

Mr. Grantham said that the five white commissioners often meet to discuss issues
that are expected to come up in commission meetings but that they did not meet
specifically to discuss the bribe offer.

"That was briefly mentioned, and everybody there was totally appalled," Mr.
Grantham said. "I said it would be some source of extortion, and somebody could
be going to jail. When it was first mentioned to me, I told them they were as
crazy as hell."

ALL FOR SOME OR NOTHING AT ALL: Well, I suppose everything is anticlimactic
after all that, but life goes on, along with talk about the TEE center.

Mayor Deke Copenhaver, the two Joes - Commissioners Jackson and Bowles - Mr.
Johnson and Commissioner J.R. Hatney were supposed to meet this week to try to
come up with a plan at least six commissioners can vote for to end the TEE
center impasse.

The mayor first asked Mr. Mason to serve on the five-member panel, but he is
said to have declined, citing work issues. Insiders contend he has his eye on a
possible run for the state House seat now held by Rep. Hardie Davis, who plans
to run for state Sen. Ed Tarver's seat if and when Mr. Tarver is appointed U.S.
attorney for the Southern District of Georgia.

Mr. Mason doesn't want to be on the TEE center panel because he'd almost have to
vote for any plan the committee came up with, which would alienate many
potential voters who oppose the center.

So the mayor had to settle for Mr. Hatney, who is expected to make another push
for $300,000-a-year more on top of $750,000-a-year already slated to go to
Laney-Walker/Bethlehem redevelopment. The additional $300,000 would come from
beer and wine taxes that now go to the Coliseum Authority and would be used to
pay the interest on bonded projects. That proposal was floated several weeks
ago, and many people, including white commissioners, called it "extortion."

Where have we heard that word before?

POLITICAL MANeUVERING: Subcommittee member Mr. Jackson said Friday he would not
support funneling more money to Laney-Walker unless the $750,000 a year was
spread throughout all eight commission districts.

"Just drive around Augusta and look at the roads," he said. "Calhoun Expressway
looks like an abandoned runway."

Bitter feelings about the TEE center emerged from Commissioners Betty Beard, Mr.
Hatney and others during Commissioner Calvin Holland's breakfast a week ago. In
his remarks, state Rep. Quincy Murphy congratulated them for "standing firm
against the powers to be."

The prevailing sentiment was that the TEE center would benefit the rich, white
power structure.

Meanwhile, in his subcommittee choices, the mayor snubbed older, more
experienced commissioners who might pretend publicly they don't give a rip. But
don't believe it.

BIRTH OF A SUBCOMmItTEE: In case you don't know, the way the five-member
committee came about was through a last-ditch effort by the mayor and a racially
divided board to save the long-delayed TEE center.

As last week's commission meeting was about to end without a resolution on the
stalled project, the mayor reminded commissioners that the city stands to lose a
$25 million hotel/convention center and a $1-a-night bed tax.

Mr. Grantham said he was about ready to throw in the towel on the whole thing.

Then they all did what politicians do when they reach an impasse in public. They
formed a committee. In this case, a subcommittee, led by the mayor, who was
charged with appointing four commissioners, two from each super district, to
work out a proposal to bring back to the full board for a vote.

Mr. Grantham wanted the mayor and Administrator Fred Russell to work with all 10
commissioners to try to find a plan to present to the full commission.

"We've had so many doggone subcommittees we can't even remember who's on them,"
he said.

DIFFERENT FIGHTERS, SAME FIGHT: Qualifying for five Augusta Commission seats,
the District 5 seat on the Richmond County School Board and marshal of civil
court ended Friday with only a few surprises, one of them being that District 3
Commissioner Joe Bowles drew two challengers, Cleveland O'Steen, a teacher, and
Joy B. Mitchell-Booker, a banker.

In District 1, Matt Aitken, James "Butch" Palmer, Anthony Jones, JoRae Jenkins
and William Fennoy are running for the seat Ms. Beard decided to relinquish when
her current term ends.

Mr. Aitken, who is white, said his biggest challenge will be to create a trust
factor in the campaign in the district that is 65 percent black and 31 percent
white.

However, his past won't be overlooked. Mr. Aitken was sentenced to 15 years in
prison in 1989 for dealing drugs, became a Christian, was paroled in 1990 and
pardoned by the state in 1997.

Since his release from prison he has started a prison ministry, directed the
local urban ministry AGAPE and graduated from Leadership Augusta.

Mr. Fennoy, who is black, said he doesn't see any challenges, only
opportunities. That might be because he was a member of the Coliseum Authority.
While on that board, he got into a shoving match with citizen activist Woody
Merry after Mr. Merry got in his face, chastising him for not attending a
meeting.

Mr. Palmer, also white, is an advocate of getting the riffraff out of
Harrisburg, where he lives.

POWELL VS. JOHNSON, ET AL.: At last week's hearing of Mescherie Powell vs.
Chiquita Johnson and Richmond County in Richmond County Civil and Magistrate
Court, Ms. Powell represented herself. Ms. Johnson, the city's general counsel,
had Quinton Seay, a Cornell University-trained lawyer arguing her case and a
staff attorney as a witness.

Not that she really needed them that much. She could have represented herself
because she had her ducks in a row and went into such detail under questioning
that Judge William D. Jennings III finally said, "Ladies, so that we can get out
of here before snow is on the ground, please answer the questions with a yes or
no."

Ms. Powell did as well as a lay person could do, going up against a $225-an-hour
attorney and his inch-thick briefs, attorney Johnson and her staff attorney
Andrew Mackenzie, who testified against Ms. Powell. She was just no match for
the pros.

Ms. Powell claims Ms. Johnson tried to fire her after she went out on family
medical leave. She was transferred to the transit department with longer hours
but was not paid for them. She is seeking $13,555 in back wages, insurance
premiums, attorney fees and punitive and defamation of character damages.

The U.S. Labor Department investigated the case and ruled in Ms. Powell's favor,
but Mr. Seay responded by saying the city would not pay the back wages.

Judge Jennings delayed ruling on the case until he has had a chance to review
the hefty stack of briefs and other evidence in the case.

ANCHOR, ACTOR, AUTHOR, EMCEE: By Any Other Name: Former Augusta Mayor Bob Young
emceed the Stop Obama Care rally at the Jessye Norman Amphitheater on the
Riverwalk last week.

He is also writing a book about the Confederate gold that disappeared at the end
of the Civil War. He has already completed the first draft of The Treasure
Train, a historical novel based on real people, places and events.

Asked about his political future, Mr. Young asked, "Do I have a political
future?"

I don't know, but I hear he wants one and could run for mayor again or for Mr.
Grantham's Super District 10 seat, which will become vacant after 2010.

Mr. Young keeps saying he's flying under the radar, but that couldn't happen
unless the radar was in outer space.

By Any Other Name: Did I tell you that our darling Molly died? Well, she did. In
February. And we almost did too when we and our wonderful neighbor Sammy
McCorkle buried her in the hard, hard ground in the back pasture.

But it wasn't long before we decided to get another border collie. So we drove
to Cleveland, Ga., and got a brown and cream colored puppy with green eyes we
later named Juleighanne Renee in honor of the sweet ladies at McDuffie Animal
Hospital, Julie Fulmer, Leighanne Davis and Renee May.

Well, so far Juleighanne Renee has chewed up $400 worth of shoes, two rugs, the
corner of a sofa and a $650 pair of eyeglasses. And she's not ashamed of it
either.

Now I know why they call female dogs bitches.

Lets rock, everybody, lets rock.Everybody in the whole cell blockWas dancin' to
the jailhouse rock.

Reach Sylvia Cooper at (706) 823-3228.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             230 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                           February 22, 1992 Saturday

TYSON TRIED TO BRIBE ME: DESIREE

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: LEE S

LENGTH: 263 words


Tyson tried to bribe me: Desiree By SANDRA LEE in New York DESIREE Washington,
the teenage beauty queen who KO'd Mike Tyson, has said she was offered a $1
million bribe to drop her rape charge against the former champ. But she said she
would have dumped the charge for a simple apology from Iron Mike. ""I came
forward and I said from the very beginning, from the day that I pressed charges,
"this man needs help'," she said in an interview with US television host Barbara
Walters. ""If he had come to me at any time before, or gone to his lawyers or to
anyone and said "I was wrong . . . I admit that I have a problem and I need
help' . . . I wouldn't have gone through with this trial." When asked if she was
offered the $1 million bribe, she replied: ""Yes, I was. Yes. ""And the people
who offered me the money told me what to say. ""They told me to say that I was
afraid, because of what happened to Patricia Bowman, that I was afraid because
of how Anita Hill was exploited. They gave me a million excuses." But she said
she reported the bribe to her attorney and the matter was ""being taken care
of". The interview is the first time Ms Washington has spoken publicly about the
trial. Tyson was convicted earlier this month of raping the Rhode Island
university student on July 19 last year. He will be sentenced on March 26 in
Indianapolis. Ms Washington said she would have let Tyson off if she could have
ensured . . . ""he would go and get that help and that no one else would be
subjected to this, because I pity him". DESIREE . . . "I wanted apology.'

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF HEAD SHOT OF DESIREE WASHINGTON

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             231 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday

Former State Assemblyman Tom Calderon Sentenced to Federal Prison for Laundering
Bribe Payments Made to His Brother

LENGTH: 589  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Central District of
California has issued the following news release:



  Thomas M. Calderon, a former member of the California State Assembly who
became a political consultant, was sentenced this afternoon to one year and one
day of incarceration after he pleaded guilty to money laundering for allowing
bribe money to be funneled through his firm.





             Tom Calderon was sentenced today by United States District Judge
Christina A. Snyder, who ordered that the sentence be served half in federal
prison and half in home detention. In addition to the period of incarceration,
Judge Snyder ordered Tom Calderon to serve 100 hours of community service.



             Tom Calderon, 62, of Montebello, pleaded guilty on June 6 to one
count of money laundering and admitted that he agreed to conceal bribe payments
coming from two undercover FBI agents by having the money go through his
political consulting company, the Calderon Group.



             The bribes were made to Tom Calderon's brother, Ronald S. Calderon,
who at the time was a California State Senator. Ron Calderon pleaded guilty on
June 21 and admitted accepting bribes from the undercover agents and a
businessman in exchange for performing official acts as a legislator. Ron
Calderon, 59, also of Montebello, is scheduled to be sentenced by Judge Snyder
next Monday, although he has asked to continue his sentencing date.



             When he pleaded guilty, Tom Calderon specifically admitted that in
2013 he deposited a $30,000 bribe payment from an undercover agent into the
Calderon Group's bank account and then wrote a $9,000 check to Ron Calderon's
daughter.



             "Tom Calderon was all too aware of the bribe payments to his
brother and that his brother had agreed to a quid pro quo with the undercover
agents," said United States Attorney Eileen M. Decker. "Tom Calderon facilitated
these bribe payments by helping to conceal his brother's corrupt activities from
the public."



             "Today's sentencing sends a message to those interested in using
access to public office in order to reap personal benefits that they will be
held responsible for their actions," said Deirdre Fike, the Assistant Director
in Charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office. "Mr. Calderon used his family
ties to benefit personally at the expense of the constituents represented by his
brother's office."



             Tom Calderon and his brother were both indicted by a federal grand
jury in 2014. Tom Calderon was charged with conspiring with his brother to
commit money laundering and seven substantive counts of money laundering. The
money laundering charge that Tom Calderon pleaded guilty to was count 22 in the
indictment.



             "IRS Criminal Investigation tirelessly untangled the web of illicit
transactions that lead to Thomas Calderon being held accountable for his role in
this scheme," stated IRS Criminal Investigation's Acting Special Agent in
Charge, Anthony J. Orlando. "IRS CI remains committed to investigating those who
engage in political corruption and tarnish our democratic system."



             The investigation into the Calderons was conducted by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation and IRS Criminal Investigation.



             This case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Mack E. Jenkins of the Public Corruption and Civil Rights Section.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             232 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 28, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Rep. Richard Kelly Dies;
Convicted in Bribe Scandal

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: Metro; C08

LENGTH: 311 words


Richard Kelly, 81, the former Florida Republican congressman who was convicted
in the 1980 Abscam corruption scandal, died Aug. 22 at a nursing home in
Stevensville, Mont., where he had retired. He had Pick's disease, a form of
dementia.

The central Florida lawmaker was one of several congressmen convicted of taking
bribes from FBI agents posing as fronts for an Arab sheik seeking influence. Mr.
Kelly was convicted of accepting $25,000, but the decision was overturned in
1982 after a judge ruled the FBI's persistence amounted to entrapment. However,
a higher court reinstated the conviction in 1984. Mr. Kelly served 13 months in
prison.

He was caught on videotape stuffing $25,000 worth of bribes into his pockets and
then asking one of the agents, "Does it show?" Mr. Kelly, a former prosecutor
and judge, testified that he intended to use the money to conduct his own
investigation of the people who were trying to bribe him.

The Atlanta native served in the Marine Corps during World War II, graduated
from the Colorado State College of Education in 1949 and received a law degree
from the University of Florida in 1952. He practiced law in Zephyrhills, Fla.,
and served as city attorney and as a senior assistant U.S. attorney in the
Southern District of Florida in the late 1950s.

He became a circuit court judge in 1960, serving 14 years. He weathered an
impeachment by the Florida House of Representatives in 1963 and an investigation
by the Judicial Qualifications Commission in 1968.

During the 1968 judicial inquiry, Mr. Kelly underwent an examination by doctors
at Duke University, who declared him mentally fit.

He often said in later years that he was the only judge or member of Congress
formally declared sane.

He was elected to the U.S. House of Representatives in 1974 and defeated in a
1980 reelection bid amid the  Abscam scandal.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                             233 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 29, 1999, Thursday, Final Edition

NATION IN BRIEF

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A10; NATION IN BRIEF

LENGTH: 464 words


R.I. Officials Face Bribery Charges

PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Two city officials were charged yesterday with accepting at
least $ 4,800 in bribes in exchange for lowering the property tax bills of an
FBI informer.

Joseph Pannone, chairman of the city Board of Tax Assessment Review, and David
Ead, the vice chairman, were charged with conspiracy and money laundering. The
board handles requests for reductions in property tax bills.

The FBI said other officials may have participated in the scheme. Agents are
investigating whether Providence officials accepted bribes from property owners
who leased buildings to the city.

The money-laundering charges stem from attempts to conceal the alleged bribes.
Ead allegedly issued bogus invoices from his soda distribution business to
disguise the bribes as legitimate payments.

Hospital Erred In Cancer Screening

BOSTON -- Years after receiving good news about their prostate exams, 18 men
were recently called by a suburban hospital and told there had been a mistake
and they had cancer. Two other men had already died of what the hospital said
were unrelated causes.

Because of the errors, the cancer was left undiagnosed and untreated in the 20
men for at least some amount of time, perhaps lowering their chances of
survival.

A pathologist at Sturdy Memorial Hospital in Attleboro had misread 20 biopsies
performed from 1995 to 1997 based on the hospital's review of 279 tests, the Sun
Chronicle of Attleboro reported.

Addenda

GLENDALE, Calif. -- Twenty bodies will be exhumed as part of an investigation of
respiratory therapist Efren Saldivar, 28, who last year claimed to have killed
dozens of terminally ill patients at a suburban hospital. Saldivar, who later
recanted, and four hospital colleagues were fired, but no criminal charges have
been filed.

MANHATTAN, Kan. -- City officials removed an oversized tablet engraved with the
Ten Commandments, retreating from a legal battle with civil liberties groups
that had sued the city, citing a violation of separation of church and state,
over the 5-foot-high granite tablet that had stood outside City Hall for more
than 40 years.

LOUISVILLE -- Matthew Scott, who made medical history in January when doctors
gave him a new hand, has completed therapy and headed back home to Absecon,
N.J., where he intends to return to his teaching job at a community college and
as an emergency medical service supervisor in about two weeks. Scott lost his
hand in a 1985 fireworks accident.

DURHAM, N.C. -- The estate of Kathrine R. Everett, who was the first female
lawyer to win a case before the North Carolina Supreme Court nearly 80 years
ago, has pledged $ 14 million to the law schools at Duke University and the
University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             234 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 10, 1981, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

LAWYER IS HELD IN SCHEME TO BRIBE U.S. JUDGE

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va., Oct. 9


The former president of a lawyers' organization was arrested here today on
charges that he attempted to bribe a Federal District judge in Miami to re duce
the sentences of two men.

According to a Government affidavit filed in Federal court in this Washington
suburb, William A. Borders Jr., a lawyer, told an informer working for the
Federal Bureau of Investigation that Judge Alcee L.  Hastings was soliciting
bribes from criminal defendants.

The Justice Department said it would not immediately comment on the judge's
involvement in the inquiry.  According to the affidavit by Robert B. Foster, a
special agent with the bureau, Mr. Borders told the informer that for $150,000,
two convicted felons, Frank and Thomas Romano, could get their three-year prison
sentences reduced to probation.

Mr. Borders, 42 years old, of Washington, was charged here with interstate
travel with intent to bribe a public official. After a hearing, he was ordered
held by Magistrate W. Harris Grimsley in lieu of $25,000 bond.

Maximum Sentence 5 Years

If convicted, he could be sentenced to a maximum of five years in prison and a
$10,000 fine.  Mr. Borders was arrested by Federal marshals after the hearing.
He declined to answer reporters' questions. Attempts to contact Judge Hastings
by t elephone for comment were unavailing.

Mr. Borders headed the National Bar Association, a black lawyers' group that has
about 8,000 members, from August 1980 to August 1981.  According to the
Government affidavit, on Sept. 18 and 19, Mr.  Borders met with an undercover
Federal agent, who was posing as Frank Romano, at Miami International Airport.
The agent gave Mr. Borders $25,000 in cash as ''up-front money'' for the bribe,
according to the affidavit.

Judge Changes Part of Ruling

On Oct. 5, according to the document, Mr. Borders said in a telephone
conversation from Washington with the agent in Florida that Judge Hastings would
order the return of part of the property forfeited by the Romanos. The next day,
Judge Hastings overturned part of his earlier ruling in which he had ordered the
forfeiture, the affidavit said.

The court papers did not say for what crime the Romanos had been convicted.  The
investigations bureau said Mr. Borders was arrested by an undercover agent at a
hotel in Arlington, Va. At the meeting, he received $125,000 as the rest of the
bribe payment, according to the affidavit.

''The investigation is continuing,'' said Gerald McDowell, chief of the public
integrity section of the Justice Department, who declined further comment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             235 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Former immigration official found guilty of taking bribes from attorney

BYLINE: Ryan Hagen ryan.hagen@langnews.com @rmhagen on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 353 words


SANTA ANA >> A former senior immigration services officer from Tujunga is guilty
of accepting bribes from an attorney, a court has determined.

Jesus Figueroa, 69, was found guilty Thursday in U.S. District Court in Santa
Ana of one count of conspiracy to commit bribery and to impede the lawful
function of government immigration agencies. Figueroa also was convicted of four
counts of accepting bribes and three counts of fraudulently misusing his
official U.S. Customers and Immigration Services seal, according to a news
release.

The bribes came from Kwang Man "John" Lee, 50, of Rancho Cucamonga, who pleaded
guilty in January 2015 to three counts of bribing a public official and is
scheduled to be sentenced in September.

Figueroa and Lee had worked together overseeing immigration benefits including
green cards and citizenship at the Immigration and Naturalization Service before
it became part of the Department of Homeland Security and changed its name to
USCIS.

Lee left to become a private practice lawyer in Los Angeles in 1999, but
according to court documents he and recruiters working for him told foreign
nationals that Lee could obtain benefits such as permanent resident status in
exchange for fees as high as $50,000.

He sometimes arranged sham marriages that Figueroa knew weren't legitimate but -
because he had taken bribes from Lee - would approve the applications for legal
permanent residence.

The "defendant betrayed his oath to the United States by selling his services
and allowing aliens to improperly reside in the United States," U.S. Attorney
Eileen M. Decker said in a news release. "As this case demonstrates, public
officials who are more concerned with illicit profit than upholding the law will
lose their positions and face prosecution."

Figueroa was found guilty of conspiracy, which carries a statutory maximum
penalty of five years in federal prison; four counts of bribery, each one of
which carries a statutory maximum penalty of 15 years in prison; and three
counts of fraudulently misusing his official USCIS seal, each one of which
carries a maximum statutory sentence of five years.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                             236 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 9, 2008 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

B'KLYN POL'S GUILTY Bribery verdict boots Gordon from office

BYLINE: BY SCOTT SHIFREL DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 247 words


A GREEDY BROOKLYN legislator was convicted yesterday of seeking a luxury house
as a bribe.

Assemblywoman Diane Gordon (D-East New York) was immediately booted from the
state Legislature after a jury convicted her on eight of nine counts, including
felony bribe-taking.

"She is no longer a member of the Assembly as of this moment. I think this sends
a message about corruption in Brooklyn," said prosecutor Michel Spanakos.

Gordon, 59, was convicted of helping a private developer obtain city-owned land
in exchange for his promise to build her a $500,000 house. The developer, Ranjan
Batheja, was working undercover for the city Department of Investigation.

"Speak to the lawyers," the disgraced politician said after hearing the verdict
in Brooklyn Supreme Court.

"She's a tough woman. She doesn't cry," said one of Gordon's lawyers, Bernard
Udell.

In addition to second-degree bribe-taking, Gordon was found guilty of receiving
a bribe as a legislator, a crime that carries up to a decade in prison.

Gordon was acquitted of the top count of second-degree bribe-taking, a charge
that requires jurors to find that she took at least $10,000.

Throughout the month-long trial, Gordon contended she was entrapped by Batheja.
Her argument was rejected by the jury, which heard secretly recorded tapes of
her telling the developer, "We got to do something with this land . . . so I can
get me a home now."

Gordon remains free on $35,000 bail pending sentencing next month.

sshifrel@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Assemblywoman Diane Gordon after conviction. Photo by Jesse Ward

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             237 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Global soccer corruption case has roots in USA;
Attorney general says suspects used banks for bribes

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 936 words


The Justice Department's corruption inquiry into organized soccer has deep roots
in the USA. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said Wednesday that suspects in the
$150million bribery scheme met in this country often to plan their illicit
activities and used U.S. banking institutions and domestic wire transfers to
distribute giant bribe payments.

Describing the alleged wrongdoing as "rampant, systemic," Lynch said the actions
spanned two generations of soccer officials abroad and in the USA who "abused
their positions of trust to acquire millions of dollars in bribes and
kickbacks."

"They planned to profit from their scheme, in large part, through promotional
efforts directed at the growing U.S. market for soccer," Lynch said.

The attorney general highlighted the operation of the U.S.-based Confederation
of North, Central American and Caribbean Association Football, or CONCACAF, a
powerful subsidiary of soccer's international governing body FIFA, whose member
countries include the USA. The group's top leaders, according to court
documents, played major roles in soliciting and accepting bribes related to the
selection of host nations for the 1998 and 2010 World Cup tournaments.

Federal agents searched CONCACAF's Miami headquarters Wednesday morning as Lynch
announced the sweeping 47-count indictment.

Swiss authorities arrested seven of the suspects at a Zurich hotel  where they
were gathered to attend FIFA meetings.

"CONCACAF is plainly an organization in crisis, and we have already reached out
to its representatives this morning to ensure that the people of integrity who
work there know that we stand ready to work with them to reform their practices
in the wake of the actions we are taking today," Lynch said.

Of the 14 defendants named Wednesday, three are charged as U.S. citizens or
legal residents. Two other U.S. citizens and a U.S.-based corporation, Traffic
Sports USA, pleaded guilty to crimes ranging from wire fraud and money
laundering to income tax evasion and obstruction of justice. Those guilty pleas
had been sealed until Wednesday when the  charges were made public.

Federal investigators traced the beginnings of the alleged illegal enterprise
back nearly 25 years to the rising fortunes of Jack Warner, 72, a legal resident
of the USA and citizen of Trinidad and Tobago, who held influential positions
with FIFA and was a longtime president of CONCACAF, retiring in 2011.

In the early 1990s, according to court documents, "Warner ... began to leverage
his influence and exploit his official positions for personal gain."

"Among other things, Warner began to solicit and accept bribes in connection
with his official duties" related to the selection of host countries for the
1998 and 2010 World Cup tournaments, the court documents state.

Federal prosecutors allege that  before the selection in 2010 of South Africa as
the World Cup host, Warner entertained competing bribes in exchange for his vote
and that of a co-conspirator.

In 2004, according to court documents, an unidentified member of the Moroccan
bid committee offered to pay Warner $1 million for his vote. Later, Warner
allegedly accepted a $10 million offer from a group that included members of the
South African government and the South African bid committee, agreeing to
provide $1 million of the payment to a co-conspirator.

When it was learned that the South African group was unable to raise the payment
from government funds, according to court documents, three separate payments
totaling $10 million were diverted to an account controlled by Warner from FIFA
funds designated to support the World Cup in South Africa.

In early 2008, prosecutors allege, the payments were routed from a FIFA account
in Switzerland to a Bank of America account in New York. Late the same year,
Warner allegedly made three wire transfers totaling $750,000 to the
co-conspirator, $250,000 short of his alleged deal to share $1 million of the
$10 million bribe payment.

Neither Warner nor his representatives could be reached for comment Wednesday.
In a statement obtained by the Associated Press, Warner, a member of the
Trinidad and Tobago Parliament, said he is innocent.

"I have been afforded no due process, and I have not even been questioned in
this matter," he said. "I have walked away from the politics of world football
to immerse myself in the improvement of lives in this country where I shall, God
willing, die."

Two of Warner's sons, identified by federal authorities as Daryll and Daryan
Warner, were among those who pleaded guilty.

Jack Warner's activities allegedly were part of a series of transactions
routinely involving six- and seven-figure payments provided to soccer officials
for their cooperation on venue votes, along with media and marketing rights.

"The defendants fostered a culture of corruption and greed that created an
uneven playing field for the biggest sport in the world," FBI Director James
Comey said Wednesday. "Undisclosed and illegal payments, kickbacks and bribes
became a way of doing business at FIFA."

Kelly Currie, the acting U.S. attorney in Brooklyn who helped manage the case,
said, "This indictment is not the final chapter in our investigation."

FIFA President Joseph "Sepp" Blatter said this is  "a difficult time for
football, the fans and for FIFA as an organization."

"As unfortunate as these events are, it should be clear that we welcome the
actions and the investigations by the U.S. and Swiss authorities and believe
that it will help to reinforce measures that FIFA has already taken to root out
any wrongdoing in football," said Blatter, who was not named in the criminal
actions.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Shannon Stapleton, Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             238 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 6, 2005 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

EX-LEGAL BIG GETS 27 MONTHS IN BRIBE SCAM

BYLINE: BY NANCIE L. KATZ DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 313 words


A POLITICALLY connected Court St. lawyer was sentenced yesterday to 27 months
behind bars for taking bribes as a court-appointed referee.

Federal Judge John Gleeson said he was being lenient because of the age and
health of the 68-year-old Edward Reich, though the former Brooklyn Bar
Association president just "didn't get" the "inestimable damage" he caused to
the public's faith in the judicial system.

The sentence was six months less than federal guidelines suggest for the
offense. Gleeson also fined Reich $75,000 at the sentencing in Brooklyn Federal
Court.

Reich, a former vice president of the state Bar Association, pleaded guilty in
March to taking bribes as a court-appointed referee of foreclosure sales in
Brooklyn. In a plea deal, he agreed to resign as a lawyer and pay back $10,500
in bribes he took between May 2002 and June 2003.

Prosecutors called Reich, who had $2.1 million in assets, a liar who acted out
of "naked arrogance and greed" when he took bribes to help out purchasers buying
foreclosed properties on the Brooklyn Supreme Court steps.

His lawyer described him as a "broken man," who has been punished harshly just
by his fall from the pinnacles of legal Brooklyn circles.

"I want to apologize to the court and the legal community," Reich told Gleeson.
"I accept all responsibility for my lapses. At the twilight of my career, I
foolishly threw it all away. I have lost my good name, my law license, my
profession and my ability to do what I love best."

Reich once sat on the bar association's panel that selects judges and headed the
Torah club, a chummy gathering of lawyers and judges that attracted the
attention of feds probing Brooklyn judicial wrongdoing.

Gleeson allowed Reich to begin his sentence on Oct. 17, after Yom Kippur, at a
minimum security facility not far from the wealthy lawyer's country house in
upstate New York. nkatz@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 Daily News, L.P.


                             239 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Daily Monitor

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Bringing corruption to light

BYLINE: Abhilash Krishna & Shradha Iyer -1

LENGTH: 778  words


In India, where petty corruption is endemic, the website ipaidabribe.com invites
citizens to share their stories of bribery, believing that awareness and
transparency can help to transform the system.
"Yesterday I paid Rs 100 to a police constable for passport verification."
"I paid [a] bribe to collect death certificate, no freedom in corruption even in
death." "Harassment was only stopped when the amount was paid."
Tales by the victims of petty corruption fill page after page on the Indian
website ipaidabribe.com. According to Transparency International, 54 per cent of
Indian citizens say they paid a bribe in 2010, the same year the site went live.
I Paid a Bribe refers to the phenomenon as "retail corruption," where the
government machinery does not work until you grease an officer's palms.


I Paid a Bribe was founded by a couple, Swati and Ramesh Ramanathan, who left
careers in the United States to return to India and establish a non-profit
organisation, Janaagraha. Based out of India's Silicon Valley, Bangalore, I Paid
a Bribe is first and foremost a reporting mechanism. Its goal is to raise
general awareness of the issue and improve government systems by sharing crowd
sourced reports with the media and officials. Claims are made anonymously and no
names are published, to avoid libel or defamation.
"Retail corruption, in my view, corrupts the value system of the entire
society," Swati Ramanathan said. "It is very easy for everyone to go and protest
in a maidan (public square) against a corrupt regime or government, and later
come back home and not even blink when a cop or a government official demands a
bribe."
I Paid a Bribe claims to have received more than 4.5 million page views since
its inception, and publicises more than 27,000 stories of how people across the
country have been coerced into coughing up money. Collectively, these victims
report having paid about $35 million (about Shs90b) in bribes to corrupt
officers.
The website offers information on how people can avoid paying bribes, and
includes a section where people share their stories of not budging. It also
encourages people to write about honest officers they come across, to encourage
such behavior. "Knowing that such information is available, and that these are
the steps to go through to, say, get a property registered, empowers citizens
and gives them the courage to resist paying bribes," Swati Ramanathan said.
Ipaidabribe.com's followers include government agencies who track the cases and
sometimes even crack the whip on greedy officers. Bangalore-based engineer Manik
Taneja's post about how a customs officer browbeat him into paying a bribe
resulted in the latter's suspension. In 2012, Taneja purchased a kayak on a
visit to the United States, and calculated that he would be required to pay no
more than $150 (Shs390,000) in import tax.

However, the customs official at the airport demanded almost three times that
amount, then threatened to impound the boat if Taneja did not pay him a bribe.
Exhausted after a 20-hour flight, Taneja relented and paid.
The next day, he double-checked the rules and learned that he had correctly
calculated the exemption. Stung, he vented his anger on ipaidabribe.com. Soon
after he received a call from the customs department, requesting him to lodge a
complaint. The officer concerned was suspended.
Joylita Saldanha, who works on the website, said the transport commissioner for
the state of Karnataka (where Bangalore is located) was embarrassed to learn
that his department had the city's highest incidence of bribe-seeking. So he
collaborated with the team from I Paid a Bribe to plug any loopholes.
They found that driving tests, for example, were highly problematic, since
determining whether or not an applicant could drive well enough for license was
a subjective decision, and officers often asked for money to boost a person's
score. In response, the motor vehicle department introduced automated driving
test tracks with computer monitors.
The impact of I Paid a Bribe has attracted global attention. Various countries
and NGOs have approached Janaagraha, asking to replicate the website's source
code. A dozen countries are now using it, including Pakistan, Greece, Hungary,
and Kenya.
"Like they say, sunlight is the best disinfectant," Swati Ramanathan remarked.
"As more and more people start sharing their experiences with corruption on a
public platform, it is bound to discourage people from indulging in it, owing to
the greater chance of getting caught. I think in 20 years, retail corruption can
be eradicated, and certainly from our end we will do everything possible to
ensure that."

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1148


                       Copyright 2014 Nation Media Group
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             240 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            August 9, 2012 Thursday
                               1 - State Edition

Key to education is the three Rs and a B -- bribery

BYLINE: MARALYN PARKER

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 451  words


Parents know bribes work with children. Most of us have tried the stickers and
lollipop bribes -- and worse.

Now researchers have proven bribery works spectacularly well at school. Children
at both primary and high school level can be bribed to get better results in
school tests.

I am not talking about bribing children to study more in order, months later, to
get better marks in exams.

This is about bribing children just minutes before they sit a test at school.

Researchers from the University of Chicago recently offered bribes -- of
trophies, or $10 -- to 6500 school students across Chicago immediately before
they sat standardised, computer-based tests. There was no warning that a bribe
might be offered, and it was simple enough: Get a better score than you did in
the last test and you will be rewarded.

Children suddenly improved their expected results by the equivalent of about
five or six months' worth of learning. This is apparently the same effect as the
children being given a high quality teacher or put in a class that is 20 per
cent smaller.

It was an astounding reaction. As researchers examined the effect, they found
that trophies work well with young students but only money works with older
students -- and the more the better.

They also discovered if the reward was delayed for a month the bribery did not
work at all.

Perhaps even more significantly, a bribe works best when children are actually
given it just before a test begins. If they don't get a higher score they have
to give the bribe back.

The possibility of losing the trophy or money in hand was even more powerful
than the promise of receiving it in the immediate future.

Be excited or be depressed by all of this but I bet some US schools are already
devising a test-bribe plan for their students.

You should know the researchers were economists, not educators, and school
children in Chicago sit three standardised tests every year.

While the children are probably bored with the tests, they are high stakes for
their schools and their teachers, who are judged on how well they can ``add
value'' to student outcomes.

Predictably this research will attract the usual dire warnings that Australia
should not be following the standardised test pathway to hell that is now the US
schooling system.

My confidence is rock solid that we will never impose three NAPLAN-type tests
each year on our school children. Mind you, if Christopher Pyne becomes
education minister our children can look forward to one NAPLAN test every year
from Year 1 to Year 10.

As far as bribery goes, any teacher out there who ever offered the odd chocolate
frog, ice block or early mark for extra efforts in a test can feel vindicated.

You were right. It works.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             241 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Official found guilty of taking bribes

BYLINE: Ryan Hagen ryan.hagen@langnews.com @rmhagen on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 358 words


SANTA ANA >> A former senior immigration services officer is guilty of accepting
bribes from an attorney living in Rancho Cucamonga, a court has determined.

Jesus Figueroa, 69, of Tujunga, was found guilty Thursday in U.S. District Court
in Santa Ana of one count of conspiracy to commit bribery and to impede the
lawful function of government immigration agencies. Figueroa was also convicted
of four counts of accepting bribes and three counts of fraudulently misusing his
official U.S. Customers and Immigration Services seal, according to a news
release.

The bribes came from Kwang Man "John" Lee, 50, of Rancho Cucamonga, who pleaded
guilty in January 2015 to three counts of bribing a public official and is
scheduled to be sentenced in September.

Figueroa and Lee had worked together overseeing immigration benefits, including
green cards and citizenship at the Immigration and Naturalization Service before
it became part of the Department of Homeland Security and changed its name to
USCIS.

Lee left to become a private practice lawyer in Los Angeles in 1999, but
according to court documents he and recruiters working for him told foreign
nationals that Lee could obtain benefits such as permanent resident status in
exchange for fees as high as $50,000.

He sometimes arranged sham marriages that Figueroa knew weren't legitimate but -
because he had taken bribes from Lee - would approve the applications for legal
permanent residence.

The "defendant betrayed his oath to the United States by selling his services
and allowing aliens to improperly reside in the United States," U.S. Attorney
Eileen M. Decker said in a news release. "As this case demonstrates, public
officials who are more concerned with illicit profit than upholding the law will
lose their positions and face prosecution."

Figueroa was found guilty of conspiracy, which carries a statutory maximum
penalty of five years in federal prison; four counts of bribery, each one of
which carries a statutory maximum penalty of 15 years in prison; and three
counts of fraudulently misusing his official USCIS seal, each one of which
carries a maximum statutory sentence of five years.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             242 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              May 29, 2011 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

Bracing against corruption, bribes

BYLINE: DAN BROWNING; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 949 words



HIGHLIGHT: A conversation with Kevin Bennett, a Grant Thornton expert on
forensic accounting, investigations and the FCPA.


Whether it's called la mordida, baksheesh, kickbacks, grease, graft or gifts,
the money and other valuable favors that companies sometimes use to facilitate
overseas sales is illegal. Companies large and small that turn a blind eye to
such behavior do so at their peril, now more than ever.

The new U.K. Bribery Act -- due to take effect in July -- and increased
enforcement of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) in the wake of the
Dodd-Frank financial reform act could spell trouble for unprepared public and
private companies and their executives.

That's kept Kevin Bennett busy on the lecture and consulting circuit. Bennett is
executive director in the forensics and litigation services practice at
professional services firm Grant Thornton's Minneapolis office and practice
leader for investigations and FCPA issues. He was previously based in Illinois
and moved to Minnesota six months ago.

QGive us a little history on the FCPA and U.K. Bribery Act and how they compare.

AThe FCPA has been around since 1977 but it wasn't until the Sarbannes-Oxley
Act, really, in 2002-03, where they really started to enforce the FCPA ...
because now you have to plan on internal controls, and a $500 bribe can now
become material if it involves senior management.

The U.K. had a longstanding bribery and corruption act, but they've never
updated it in 100-plus years. The U.K. was seeing all the revenue the FCPA was
generating, which is what I really think led them to say we've got to do
something. The U.K. Bribery Act is somewhat similar to FCPA but much more robust
and much more far reaching in what it tries to accomplish.

QHow so?

AThere are really four areas where it's different than the FCPA. One is
extraterritorial jurisdiction, which means that the bribe or the corruption
itself does not have to happen in the U.K. as long as the company that is paying
the bribe has operations in the U.K.

QWhat if the company just has British staff involved?

AI've heard different interpretations. Some say it has to be significant, others
say you have to be registered in the U.K. Others say you just have to have an
operation or a location there with employees. That's part of the problem that I
think companies are running into.

The second difference is that a company's only affirmative defense against an
enforcement action under the U.K. Bribery Act is to have an effective compliance
program in place. If you don't, you could be criminally liable.

The third difference is commercial bribery. The FCPA generally only applies to
bribes to foreign government officials. The U.K. Bribery Act expands that and
says it applies to all commercial bribery. It affects private companies, public
companies, and it also affects the offering as well as the receiving of a bribe.

The fourth difference is facilitation payments made to help speed up a process
or routine. Facilitation payments generally are not made to help secure revenue
or a sale. Under the FCPA, they're not prohibited. So perhaps in trying to get
your products through customs, you bribe a customs agent. That's not illegal
under the FCPA.

Under the UK Bribery Act, all facilitation payments are prohibited.

QWhat trends are we seeing in the FCPA?

AWe're starting to see a lot more action on mergers and acquisitions due
diligence. They're really starting to look into some of the private equity
companies. I think we've seen three or four recent enforcement actions against
private equities, which before the last six months was unheard of, for the most
part. And most private companies have no idea what the FCPA requires, much less
that it impacts them.

The Justice Department basically has come out and said, we'll give you six
months after the date of the acquisition to do your FCPA due diligence. We won't
bring any successor liability issues against the acquiring company if they
notify us within the six-month time frame. It's called the Halliburton Rule.

We're starting to see some of that, and companies are more concerned. They want
to see that what they're paying for, they're actually getting legally.

So even here in the Twin Cities, we're involved with several companies doing due
diligence on their acquisitions as well as helping them set up FCPA compliance
programs.

QBeing a small company doesn't necessarily mean you're exempt from having these
kinds of programs. But are small companies grappling with these issues or are
they hoping they can fly under the radar?

AThat's a tough one for small companies to deal with. I think the majority of
them don't truly recognize that they have a risk there. The Department of
Justice has been bringing criminal actions with regard to the anti-bribery
provisions of the FCPA, and they're going after some of these mom and pop shops.

QHow long have you had this practice in the Twin Cities?

AWe've had an office here forever. I've been here six months and this was a new
practice that we haven't had here before in the Twin Cities with regard to FCPA
and just forensic investigations in general. There's just so many of the Fortune
1000 companies here that it's a good market to have those services locally.

Dan Browning - 612-673-4493

KEVIN BENNETT

Position: Executive director, forensics and litigation services in the Grant
Thornton office in Minneapolis.

Age: 40

Education: Principia College, B.A., business administration; University of
Missouri-St. Louis, accounting courses.

Career: Nearly 20 years advising clients regarding forensic accounting, complex
business litigation, auditing and accounting services and the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. Member of the Association of Certified Fraud Examiners and the
Institute for Internal Controls; associate member of the American Bar
Association.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             243 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                             June 26, 1972, Monday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 698 words

6-wk investigation by NY Times into corruption in NYC's construction indus finds
that indus pays $25-million yrly in bribes to city bldg inspectors, hwy
officials, police, state safety inspectors, FHA agents, union reprs, certain
blue-collar workers and clerks in some city agencies; architects, small
contractors, foremen and construction co execs pay bribes to avoid harassment
and delays that can cost hundreds of dollars an hr; they estimate graft at 1% or
2% of total construction costs; according to Bldg Trades Employers' Assn
$2-billion was spent on new construction and $500-million on renovation in NYC
last yr, which at 1% yields $25-million in payoffs; builders say corruption has
become such integral part of indus that it has taken on aspects of legitimate
business with credit, installment payments and some standardized rates; because
of fear of retaliation from inspectors, construction men provided information on
graft on pledge that their names would be kept secret; this fear is 1 reason why
virtually entire indus has refused to cooperate with city investigators trying
to stop corruption; NYC Investigation Comr Ruskin and Bldg Comr Stein say they
have had little success gathering evidence from contractors; bribery often
begins when blueprints are filed for approval with city Bldgs Dept, which
inspects plans for compliance with zoning laws and bldg code; this process is so
complex that architects, known as 'expediters,' are hired solely to deal with
Bldgs Dept on behalf of other architects or contractors; these expediters
sometimes use bribes to obtain approvals and permits from clerks and examiners;
when job moves to construction site, graft involves even larger array of city,
state and Fed agencies; for example, plumbing subcontractor pays $10 to clerk in
Dept of Water Resources to speed up issuance of permit to tap water main, then
he pays $10 to tapping dept to ensure that job is done on time; as new main is
being installed he pays water and sewer inspectors to overlook minor infractions
of regulations; paying inspectors to arrive at site on time is common practice;
plumbing and electrical trades are particularly vulnerable in this area since
each phase of their work must be inspected before they can proceed to next step;
some construction men say they pay inspector each time they need him but most
negotiate total amount at outset of job to insure his cooperation at each stage,
then bribe is paid in installments; during job some contractors pay off each
other's employes to avoid delays; elevator and crane operators often demand
bribes to lift subcontractors' supplies in high-rise bldgs; some employes demand
bribes or they will sabotage another subcontractor's work; one plumbing
contractor estimates bribes on $300,000 to $400,000 job run about $3,000 to
$4,000; he lists these as 'job expenses' and adds amount to his bid; there is
wide agreement that largest demand for payoffs comes when certificate of
occupancy is to be issued; several contractors say it is common practice to pay
construction inspector $5,000 to $10,000 to sign job off and overlook minor
infractions; each day certificate is delayed can cost construction firm $10,000
in interest on construction loan; these negotiated bribes rarely cover special
problems, which have to be negotiated separately; contractors say bribe is
negotiated like a fine, on basis of wrong to be overlooked, but it is generally
agreed that inspectors cannot be bribed to overlook important safety
infractions; construction cos on public housing projects often pay FHA
inspectors to overestimate proportion of work completed, thereby authorizing
inflated payments by FHA, a procedure known as 'front loading'; police demand
large sums for overlooking minor infractions such as dirty sidewalks and wide
range of contractors say they pay police $50 to $500 per mo; Fire Dept called
most honest agency in city and most contractors contend that fire inspectors
cannot be bribed; many union reprs and business mgrs demand bribes on basis of
their power to stop jobs or force extra work, but little information was
obtainable on union corruption due to fear of personal retaliation; illus

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1972 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             244 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 14, 1988, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

City Investigates New Restaurant Bribes

BYLINE: By MICHEL MARRIOTT

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 709 words


As a group of current and former New York City restaurant inspectors were being
indicted yesterday on extortion charges, the city's Health Commissioner said
Manhattan restaurant operators were still offering bribes to inspectors in hopes
of persuading them to overlook health violations.

The Commissioner, Dr. Stephen C. Joseph, said six unsolicited bribe offers had
been made to city health inspectors in the last two weeks. ''Obviously none of
the offers were accepted,'' he said, adding that in rejecting one cash offer, an
inspector threw the money on a restaurant floor.

The Health Department refused to name any of the restaurants involved in the
bribery attempts. Marvin Bogner, an assistant health commissioner, said only
that the incidents took place at six Manhattan restaurants.

Investigation Agency Notified

No arrests were made, he said, because the Health Department does not have this
authority. He added, however, that the incidents had been reported to the city's
Department of Investigation.

Peg Breen, a spokeswoman for the Investigation Department, said it was reviewing
the complaints.

The new restaurant bribe offers, which were reported yesterday by The Daily
News, amounted to several hundred dollars in some cases.

''It is an indication of a longstanding widespread pattern of abuse,'' Dr.
Joseph said. ''Anyone would have been naive to think this is a one-sided
operation.''

He said buying and selling the favors of restaurant inspectors was ''a way of
doing business in New York City for too many restaurant owners and too many
restaurant inspectors.''

On March 24, Federal authorities arrested 22 restaurant inspectors and six
former inspectors on charges of extortion that in some instances went back to
the early 1980's. Some 300 restaurants were involved in paying bribes ranging
from $50 to $1,400. #28 Inspectors Indicted Yesterday the 28 present and former
inspectors who were arrested were indicted for extortion, said Laurence A.
Urgenson, chief assistant United States attorney for the Eastern District of New
York.

The present inspectors have been suspended, temporarily crippling routine
restaurant inspections by the Health Department. Six to eight inspectors have
resumed inspections on a priority basis, Dr. Joseph said.

Special efforts are being made, he said, to check newly opened restaurants and
those that have reopened after health violations. In addition, he said,
restaurants checked by inspectors now under indictment will be reinspected.

The department has conducted 120 restaurant inspections in the last two weeks.
It was during some of those that restaurant operators made bribery offers, Mr.
Bogner said.

''It is surprising, in view of the fact so much publicity has been given to the
whole business of bribery in the last two weeks, that someone is still willing
to jeopardize themselves by making such an offering,'' he said.

'Chilling Effect' Sought

In one incident last week, a health inspector who was offered a bribe returned
to the restaurant with a Health Department inspector general, Mr. Bogner said.
The inspector general, who reports to the city's Investigation Department, told
the restaurant owner that the offering of a bribe was a crime, the assistant
commissioner said.

Dr. Joseph said he hoped such warnings would have a ''chilling effect'' on
restaurant owners considering bribery as a means of escaping scrunity.

Since the scandal, restaurant inspectors have been wearing blue jackets to
identify themselves. As one hung up his outer coat recently to begin his
inspection, Mr. Bogner said, a restaurant owner stuffed money in the inspector's
coat. The inspector immediately removed the cash and threw it on the floor, he
said.

In a corruption case at another city agency, the Investigation Department's
spokeswoman, Ms. Breen, said a fourth traffic-enforcement agent has been
arrested and charged with receiving a bribe and offering a false document for
filing. The case is part of the department's continuing investigation of agents
who accept bribes for altering or not issuing summonses, she said.

The arrest was made Tuesday, she said, identifying the suspect as Freddie Lee
Logan, 30 years old, of 1548 East New York Avenue in Brooklyn.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             245 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Views; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 804 words



HIGHLIGHT: letters


Resist federal bribes

Regarding Medicaid expansion plan deserves support in Tallahassee (Our Views,
Dec. 28): I think the legislators and governor of Florida made the correct
choice in refusing the U.S. government's offer of help on the Medicaid issue.
This was a bribe to entangle Florida in the Affordable Health Care Act fiasco
(which is not affordable and not prudent health care). The federal government
would pay to get the program started, but the state was left with a big expense
after the bribe was taken (not dissimilar to the Tampa-to-Orlando train
boondoggle. Our major problem for the past 79 years has been the idiocy of
accepting government bribes to solve local problems. The states have been
emasculated by an overbearing Goliath - the federal government. Charity begins
and should be managed from home. Man's soul is diminished when the power to give
is stripped from his control and given to an impersonal godless federal
government.

James D. Murphy, Sr., M.D.

Tampa

Common-sense ruling

Hell-bent on preventing same-sex couples from getting married, Florida Attorney
General Pam Bondi has finally given way to the rushing tide. Free at last. Free
at last. Thank God almighty, same-sex couples in Florida are free at last to
marry - thanks to the common sense ruling of U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle
of Tallahassee.

JoAnn Lee Frank

Clearwater

Moving forward together

Regarding Business owners say Rays not the only game in town (front page, Dec
28): Let's not overlook how a new soccer stadium at the site of the Trop could
be a win-win solution, and planning as such could help the Rays, St. Pete and
Tampa move forward together. I trust the business owners in regards to how the
real estate boom is great for the economy in St Pete. Yet we cannot overlook how
much commerce is created by professional sports and concerts/events.

The infrastructure of the Trop is a major benefit for redeveloping the site with
another stadium. With soccer as the focus, the seating requirements will be
less, thus freeing up some room for creating a global village of shops,
restaurants, pubs and even condos. The adjacent businesses and residences can
continue on the same path established by serving the Rays and other events at
the Trop. Establishing real public transit such as a ferry service on Tampa Bay
and a real streetcar along Central Avenue enhances the global vibe with this
concept, too.

Jeannie Cline

St. Petersburg

Fun-house mirror

Regarding Smart talk on Obamacare (Our Views, Jan. 2): Thanks for the early
warning, mentioning that Hillsdale College doesn't take taxpayer subsidies. But
why did you then try to pass Hillsdale and Casey Mulligan off as impartial,
calling Mulligan an economist who isn't interested in misleading voters?
Hillsdale and its Imprimis journal are, in fact, renowned bastions of
conservative thought. To believe their arguments requires looking at the world
through a fun-house mirror, which produces distortions of logic such as their
masterpiece that affirmative action is tantamount to discrimination.

Similarly, the arguments you present against the ACA blow up minor issues into
major red flags. But they're no more meaningful than the red flags my gardener
throws down to mark the weeds. That's the distortion effect at play. Democrats
have known that there are improvements that can be made to the ACA, but it's
been impossible to work with Republicans on fixes, since their intent was repeal
at every turn. The supposed distortions caused by taxes are minor effects at the
margins. My debate professor used to call them corner cases, not central to the
issue.

Georges Kaufman

Tampa

The real cause for fear

Once again the left can only resort to distortions and personal venom to counter
the obvious truth. The letter on fear (Stop living in fear, Your Views, Dec. 29)
attempts to use the WMD intelligence accepted by both parties in Congress and
President Bush to wage war against those who murdered 3,000 innocent Americans.
The patriot further lamented the wounded warriors engaged in the defense against
terrorism by our brave military. Funny that the VA scandal and the thousands of
additional deaths under President Obama are not mentioned. So much for the
left's pseudo-concern for our heroes.

The real hypocrisy comes when the writer faults the economy for the real fear
facing Americans - the loss of economic security.

Let me remind the Bush haters that the economic crisis started after 2006, when
the Democrats regained control of Congress and precipitated the mortgage and
banking crises. After six years of Obama, poverty has increased, the numbers of
welfare and food stamp recipients have increased, real unemployment has
skyrocketed to over 20 million (conveniently unreported by the administration),
and Obamacare is stifling employers from hiring.

Josef Horowitz

Lutz

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             246 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

Hawaii: Six Defendants Indicted in Alleged Conspiracy to Bribe Government
Officials in India to Mine Titanium Minerals

LENGTH: 1428  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

A federal indictment returned under seal in June 2013 and unsealed today charges
six foreign nationals, including a Ukrainian businessman and a government
official in India, with participating in an alleged international racketeering
conspiracy involving bribes of state and central government officials in India
to allow the mining of titanium minerals.  Five of the six defendants are also
charged with conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA),
among other offenses.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Department of Justice's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Zachary T. Fardon for the Northern District of
Illinois and Special Agent in Charge Robert J. Holley of the FBI's Chicago Field
Office made the announcement.

"Fighting global corruption is part of the fabric of the Department of Justice,"
said Acting Assistant Attorney General O'Neil.  "The charges against six foreign
nationals announced today send the unmistakable message that we will root out
and attack foreign bribery and bring to justice those who improperly influence
foreign officials, wherever we find them."

"Criminal conspiracies that extend beyond our borders are not beyond our reach,"
said U.S. Attorney Fardon.   "We will use all of the tools and resources
available to us to ensure the integrity of global business transactions that
involve U.S. commerce."

"This case is another example of the FBI's willingness to aggressively
investigate corrupt conduct around the globe" said Special Agent in Charge
Holley.  "With the assistance of our law enforcement partners, both foreign and
domestic, we will continue to pursue those who allegedly bribe foreign officials
in return for lucrative business contracts."

Beginning in 2006, the defendants allegedly conspired to pay at least $18.5
million in bribes to secure licenses to mine minerals in the eastern coastal
Indian state of Andhra Pradesh.   The mining project was expected to generate
more than $500 million annually from the sale of titanium products, including
sales to unnamed "Company A," headquartered in Chicago.

One defendant, Dmitry Firtash, aka "Dmytro Firtash" and "DF," 48, a Ukrainian
national, was arrested March 12, 2014, in Vienna, Austria.   Firtash was
released from custody on March 21, 2014, after posting 125 million euros
(approximately $174 million) bail, and he pledged to remain in Austria until the
end of extradition proceedings.

Five other defendants remain at large: Andras Knopp, 75, a Hungarian
businessman; Suren Gevorgyan, 40, of Ukraine; Gajendra Lal, 50, an Indian
national and permanent resident of the United States who formerly resided in
Winston-Salem, N.C.; Periyasamy Sunderalingam, aka "Sunder," 60, of Sri Lanka;
and K.V.P. Ramachandra Rao, aka "KVP" and "Dr. KVP," 65, a Member of Parliament
in India who was an official of the state government of Andhra Pradesh and a
close advisor to the now-deceased chief minister of the State of Andhra Pradesh,
Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy.

The five-count indictment was returned under seal by a federal grand jury in
Chicago on June 20, 2013.   All six defendants were charged with one count each
of racketeering conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy, and two counts of
interstate travel in aid of racketeering.   Five defendants, excluding Rao, were
charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA.

As alleged in court documents, Firtash controls Group DF, an international
conglomerate of companies that was directly and indirectly owned by Group DF
Limited, a British Virgin Islands company.   Group DF companies include: Ostchem
Holding AG, an Austrian company in the business of mining and processing
minerals, including titanium; Global Energy Mining and Minerals Limited, a
Hungarian company, and Bothli Trade AG, a Swiss company, for which Global Energy
Mining and Minerals was the majority shareholder.   In April 2006, Bothli Trade
and the state government of Andhra Pradesh agreed to set up a joint venture to
mine various minerals, including ilmenite, a mineral which may be processed into
various titanium-based products such as titanium sponge, a porous form of the
mineral that occurs in the processing of titanium ore.

In February 2007, Company A entered into an agreement with Ostchem Holding,
through Bothli Trade, to work toward a further agreement that would allow Bothli
Trade the ability to supply 5 million to 12 million pounds of titanium sponge
from the Indian project to Company A on an annual basis.   The mining project
required licenses and approval of both the Andhra Pradesh state government and
the central government of India before the licenses could be issued.

As alleged in the indictment, the defendants used U.S. financial institutions to
engage in the international transmission of millions of dollars for the purpose
of bribing Indian public officials to obtain approval of the necessary licenses
for the project.   They allegedly financed the project and transferred and
concealed bribe payments through Group DF, and used threats and intimidation to
advance the interests of the enterprise's illegal activities.

According to the indictment, Firtash was the leader of the enterprise and caused
the participation of certain Group DF companies in the project.   Firtash
allegedly met with Indian government officials, including Chief Minister Reddy,
to discuss the project and its progress, and authorized payment of at least
$18.5 million in bribes to both state and central government officials in India
to secure the approval of licenses for the project.   Firtash also allegedly
directed his subordinates to create documents to make it falsely appear that
money transferred for the purpose of paying these bribes was transferred for
legitimate commercial purposes, and he appointed various subordinates to oversee
efforts to obtain the licenses through bribery.

As alleged in the indictment, Knopp supervised the enterprise and, together with
Firtash, met with Indian government officials.   Knopp also met with Company A
representatives to discuss supplying titanium products from the project.
Gevorgyan allegedly traveled to Seattle and met with Company A representatives.
Gevorgyan also engaged in other activities, including allegedly signing false
documents, monitoring bribe payments and coordinating transfers of money to be
used for bribes.   Lal, also known as "Gaj," allegedly engaged in similar
activities, reported to Firtash and Knopp on the status of obtaining licenses,
and recommended whether, and in what manner, to pay certain bribes to government
officials.

The indictment further alleges that Sunderalingam met with Rao to determine the
total amount of bribes and advised others on the results of the meeting, and he
identified various foreign bank accounts held in the names of nominees outside
India that could be used to funnel bribes to Rao.   Rao allegedly solicited
bribes for himself and others in return for approving licenses for the project,
and he warned other defendants concerning the threat of a possible law
enforcement investigation of the project.

The indictment lists 57 transfers of funds between various entities, some
controlled by Group DF, in various amounts totaling more than $10.59 million
beginning April 28, 2006, through July 13, 2010.

The indictment seeks forfeiture from Firtash of his interests in Group DF
Limited and its assets, including 14 companies registered in Austria and 18
companies registered in the British Virgin Islands, as well as 127 other
companies registered in Cyprus, Germany, Hungary, the Netherlands, Seychelles,
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and one unknown jurisdiction and all funds in 41
bank accounts in several of those same countries.   Furthermore, the indictment
seeks forfeiture from all six defendants of more than $10.59 million.

This case is being investigated by the FBI's Chicago Field Office.   The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Amarjeet Bhachu and Michael Donovan
of the Northern District of Illinois and Trial Attorney Ryan Rohlfsen of the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

The Justice Department has worked closely with and has received significant
assistance from its law enforcement counterparts in Austria, as well as the
Hungarian National Police, and greatly appreciates their assistance in this
matter.  Significant assistance was also provided by the Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             247 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             April 19, 1983 Tuesday

PM to check charge   of Canadair official   making a bribe offer

BYLINE: JAMES RUSK; GAM

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


By  JAMES RUSK
                           Globe and Mail Reporter
     OTTAWA  - Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau yesterday promised that he
 would look into charges that a representative of Canadair Ltd., the
 troubled airplane manufacturer owned by the federal Government, bribed an
 Alaskan State Senator.

When NDP House Leader Ian Deans raised the issue in the Commons, the
 Prime Minister appeared surprised and said it was the first that he had
 heard of it.
    'Certainly if it were a verifiable allegation practiced by a
 government department or a Crown corporation, it would be falling under
 the guidelines that we issued some years ago against bribes," he told the
 House. 'Indeed, it might even come, depending on circumstances, abreast
 of the Criminal Code."
    The case raised by Mr. Deans concerned a 1981, Christmas Eve conviction
 of then Alaskan State Senator George Hohman on a charge that he agreed to
 accept and to share a bribe of between $20,000 and $30,000 (U.S.) in an
 attempt to get the purchase of two CL 215 water bombers from Canadair into
 the state budget.

The CL 215 water bomber, used all over the world to fight forest fires,
 is manufactured by Canadair in Montreal. The federal Government has given
 Canadair about $1.5-billion in financial guarantees to keep the company
 from going under.

Mr. Hohman, who is appealing the conviction, was sentenced to three
 years in prison. He was expelled from the Alaskan State Senate last
 summer.

According to Timothy Petumenos, the assistant Attorney-General of
 Alaska who prosecuted the case, the charges arose from meetings in the
 spring of 1980 when the two houses of the Alaskan Legislature were
 attempting to reconcile two versions of the state's annual budget.

Mr. Hohman, a Democrat who was co-chairman of the joint committee
 attempting the reconciliation, was convicted of offering to share a bribe
 with the member of the state's lower house who was acting as the other co-
 chairman. The prosecution demonstrated that Mr. Hohman made the offer to
 share the bribe if the purchase of two water bombers, for $5-million
 (U.S.), was included in the budget appropriation for the state's land
 resources department.

Mr. Petumenos said in a telephone interview from his office in
 Anchorage yesterday that the bribe, described in the trial as between
 $20,000 and $30,000 cash in a brown paper bag, did not change hands.

Mr. Petumenos said that under Alaskan law, it is a crime to offer or
 agree to accept the offer of a bribe and Mr. Hohman was found guilty on
 one count each of offering and agreeing to accept a bribe.

While witnesses at the trial maintained that a bribe had never been
 offered, Mr. Petumenos said the jury accepted the prosecution's case that
 Sigurd Larsen, Canadair's U.S. marketing representative for the water
 bomber, had offered Mr. Hohman a bribe.

When asked how far back he had traced the offer, Mr. Petumenos said
 that the evidence he presented in the trial only involved Mr. Larsen. He
 said there was no legal need to show if Canadair officials   knew of what
 was going on.

Charges were also laid against   three other individuals following an
    Alaskan grand jury investigation of   the affair. The individuals were
    Michael De Man, an Anchorage   businessmen, Arthur F. Kelly II, an
 Anchorage businessman who was a   consultant to Canadair, and Mr.
 Larsen, who was then the sole representative in the United States for
 the sale of the CL 215 water bomber.

Mr. Kelly's case on charges that   he committed perjury before the
 grand jury will come to trial in   July, Mr. Petumenos said.

Mr. De Man was found guilty on   11 counts that he committed perjury
 before the grand jury but the   convictions were dropped when he
 testified in the Hohman trial. After   that testimony, he was subsequently
 indicted for, and found guilty of,   seven counts of perjury during the
 trial.

Mr. Larsen was charged with   bribery and perjury after the grand
 jury investigation, but the counts   were dismissed so that he could
 give state evidence in each of the   trials, Mr. Petumenos said.

The prosecutor also said that no   Canadair official had testified in
    the trial, although some company   officials were interviewed during
 the preparation of the case.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1983 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             248 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Federal Investigation Yields Multiple Convictions In Connection With Bribery Of
Veterans Affairs Contracting Officer

LENGTH: 917  words


Former VA employees and contractors ensnared in scheme in which contracting
officer accepted cash, trips, and gifts in exchange for role in steering million
dollar contracts

SAN JOSE  Today, Justin Tolentino became the last of seven defendants involved
in a Veterans Affairs (VA) contracting officer bribery scandal to be sentenced,
announced United States Attorney Brian J. Stretch, FBI Special Agent in Charge
John F. Bennett, and VA Office of Inspector General (OIG) Special Agent in
Charge Michael Seitler.  The sentence brings to a close the five-year
investigation into a bribery scandal pursuant to which former VA contacting
officer, Tracy Marasco, accepted cash, trips, and gifts in exchange for steering
million-dollar contracts to particular contractors.

In 2011, the VA OIG and the FBI began their probe into alleged corrupt
contracting activities at the VA Medical Centers (VAMCs) in Palo Alto, Calif.
and Sacramento, Calif.  Since then, the multi-year investigation resulted in the
charging of seven individuals including one VA contracting officer, three VA
contracting officers representatives, and three construction contractors.  With
todays sentence, all of the defendants have been convicted and sentenced.  The
individuals charged and convicted in connection with the scheme include the
following:

Tracy Marasco, 49, of Modesto, pleaded guilty on February 21, 2014, to one count
of Receipt of a Bribe as a Public Official, in violation of 18 U.S.C.

201(b)(2)(A).  Marasco admitted using her position as a Veterans Affairs
contracting officer to steer valuable construction and maintenance contracts to
certain prime contractors in exchange for cash payments and gifts.  Marasco was
indicted by a federal grand jury on May 4, 2011 and was charged with five counts
of receiving bribes within her capacity as a public official, in violation of 18
U.S.C.  201(b)(2)(A); and one count of making false statements to a government
agency, in violation of 18 U.S.C.  1001(a)(2).  Marasco admitted that between
2007 and 2010, she received tens of thousands of dollars in cash payments and
two used cars from various private contractors and subcontractors.  In addition,
during the same period, she received paid trips to Puerto Rico, Disneyland, and
Las Vegas.  On June 6, 2016, she was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Edward J.
Davila to six months in prison and an additional six months of home detention as
a term of supervised release.

Xerxes Ike Zapata, a former Palo Alto VAMC contracting officers representative,
pleaded guilty to one count of Receipt of a Bribe by a Public Official, in
violation of 18 U.S.C.

201(b)(2)(A).  Zapata admitted accepting cash, flight tickets, and payments to
credit cards in exchange for steering construction and maintenance contracts to
the benefit of those providing the bribes.  Zapata was sentenced by U.S.
District Judge Edward J. Davila to 16 months in prison and a $25,000 fine.

Russell Allgire, a former Palo Alto VAMC contracting officers representative
engineer, pleaded guilty to one count of Receipt of a Bribe by a Public
Official, in violation of 18 U.S.C.  201(b)(2)(A).  Allgire admitted accepting
cash and car payments in exchange for steering construction and maintenance
contracts to the benefit of those providing the bribes.  Allgire was sentenced
by U.S. District Judge Edward J. Davila to a term of three years of probation
with a term of 12 months of home detention and a $7,500 fine.

Conrad Alfaro, a former Palo Alto VAMC contracting officers representative,
pleaded guilty to one count of Receipt of a Gratuity by a Public Official, in
violation of 18 U.S.C.

201(c)(1)(B).  Alfaro admitted receiving roofing work on his home which was paid
for by a VA general contractor while overseeing a Palo Alto VAMC project to
install a new MRI scanner by the same VA general contractor.  Alfaro was
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Lucy H. Koh to 5 years of probation with a term
of 12 months of home detention, and a $25,000 fine.

Jack Stringer, a former VA contractor, pleaded guilty to one count of Providing
a Gratuity to a Public Official, in violation of 18 U.S.C.

201(c)(1)(A).  Stringer admitted that he provided cash and gifts to several VA
employees, including entertainment tickets, gift cards, vacation packages, and
the payment of credit card bills.  Stringer was sentenced by U.S. District Judge
Edward J. Davila to a term of 3 years of probation and a special condition of
eight months of home detention, and a $27,500 fine.

Jacobo Herrera, a former VA contractor, pleaded guilty to one count of Providing
a Gratuity to a Public Official, in violation of 18 U.S.C.  201(c)(1)(A).
Herrera admitted providing cash payments, Disneyland Tickets, and hotel
accommodations to VA officials.  Herrera was sentenced by U.S. District Judge
Lucy H. Koh to a term of 3 years of probation and eight months home detention,
and a $20,000 fine.

Justin Tolentino a former VA contractor, pleaded guilty to one count of
Providing a Gratuity to a Public Official, in violation of 18 U.S.C.

201(c)(1)(A).  Tolentino admitted providing flight and hotel accommodations to a
VA official on three occasions.  Tolentino was sentenced by U.S. District Judge
Beth L. Freeman to a term of 3 years of probation, and ordered to pay a $5,000
fine.

Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jeff Nedrow and Amber Rosen are prosecuting the case
with the assistance of Susan Kreider.  The prosecution is the result of an
investigation by the FBI and VA-OIG. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             249 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 29, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Monmouth County doctor with practices in Colts Neck, New Jersey, and Staten
Island, New York, today admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals
as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic
Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and
numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Ralph Messo, 53, of Colts Neck, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Messo, 34 people--23 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.5 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

Messo admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $3,000 per month. Messo's referrals
generated at least $828,000 in lab business for BLS.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC--one of several entities used by BLS
to make illegal payments. Theywere charged by federal complaint with the bribery
conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of Boonton, New
Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four other associates
of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement. Santangelo, a
doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his role in the
scheme

The bribery count to which Messo pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
May 12, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, Messo must forfeit $82,500,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             250 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 8, 2003, Wednesday

GOLDEN PARACHUTE - BX. BRIBE POL KEEPS PENSION, GETS ONLY 3 MOS. JAIL

BYLINE: LAURA ITALIANO and FREDRIC U. DICKER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 019

LENGTH: 479 words


A powerful but crooked Bronx assemblywoman gets to keep her big-bucks pension
and will serve only three months in jail after pleading guilty yesterday to
taking $24,000 in bribes.

News that Gloria Davis, who resigned Monday after a 22-year Assembly career,
will maintain her pension has public watchdogs irate.

"It's galling that she's getting taxpayer dollars after abusing the public's
trust," said Blair Horner, legislative director of the New York Public Interest
Research Group.

"It's obviously outrageous," said Matt Keller, national legislative director for
Common Cause. After violating the public trust, Davis "ought to forfeit any
right to a publicly funded pension," he added.

Under the state Legislature's bylaws, lawmakers get to keep their pensions even
if they are charged or convicted of a felony.

Davis' pension could reach as much as $58,000 a year.

Prosecutors had an iron-clad case against Davis in March 2002, when they
captured her taking bribes on video and recovered $3,400 in marked bribe money
from her pocketbook.

But prosecutors said they could not charge Davis until their investigation into
a potentially wider case - which never materialized - was completed.

As for the three-month sentence, Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau
said, "She's 65 years old. . . . I think under the circumstances, it's an
adequate sentence."

The loot in Davis' purse, which was recovered on a search warrant as she stood
in her apartment lobby, turned out to be the tip of the iceberg.

Prosecutors said yesterday that Davis had agreed to accept a total of $88,000
from a contractor, JPM Associated, in Manhattan.

In return, Davis had promised them an $880,000 contract to renovate a
not-for-profit alcohol and substance abuse facility, the Bronx Citizen's
Committee, which she controlled. She also promised to steer other contracts
their way.

Davis - who had served as majority whip to Speaker Sheldon Silver (D-Manhattan)
- had collected only $24,000 in bribes when the DA caught her. She used the
money to help her family and buy a timeshare in the Bahamas, according to the
DA's investigations chief, Daniel Castleman.

Davis also admitted yesterday she received another bribe - free van service to
and from Albany from The Bronx during legislative sessions from mid-1998 to
March 2002.

That came courtesy of Correctional Services Inc., a Sarasota, Fla.-based company
that ran prison halfway houses around the country. Correctional Services gave
Davis free rides in return for her help expediting a state contract, prosecutors
said.


LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -How the Post broke the story: The Post ran a series of articles last
March detailing how Bronx Assemblywoman Gloria Davis was being investigated for
bribery.
-DISGRACE: Assemblywoman Gloria Davis leaves DA's office yesterday after
pleading guilty.  N.Y. Post: G.N. Miller

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             251 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

MART workers fined for bribes;
Each woman must pay $10,000

BYLINE: Gary V. Murray, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


Two former Montachusett Regional Transit Authority employees were each fined
$10,000 Thursday

after pleading guilty in Worcester Superior Court to charges of accepting bribes
.

Prosecutors said Maria Gutierrez, 45, of Fitchburg and Nancy Osorio, 36, of
Leominster took bribes from Newton businessman Alexander Shrayber, the former
owner of five transportation companies, to get them to bypass the authority's
low-bid system for non-emergency medical trip assignments for Medicaid patients
and direct the business to his now-defunct companies.

Mr. Shrayber was sentenced to 2-1/2 years in the House of Correction Nov. 29
after pleading guilty in June to four counts of bribing a public employee and
two counts of paying medical assistance bribes/kickbacks. The sentence was
suspended for 5 years with probation, and Mr. Shrayber was ordered to pay a
total of $200,000 in fines.

Ms. Gutierrez and Ms. Osorio each pleaded guilty Thursday to two counts of
accepting bribes as a public employee and a single count of accepting medical
assistance bribes or kickbacks.

Judge Janet Kenton-Walker sentenced each of them to 2 years in the House of
Correction, but suspended the sentences for 5 years with probation. As a
condition of probation, each woman was ordered to pay a total of $10,000 in
fines.

The sentences imposed were recommended by Assistant Attorney General Toby R.
Unger and defense lawyers Patrick K. Burke and Kevin C. Larson, who represented
Ms. Gutierrez and Ms. Osorio, respectively.

Ms. Unger told the court that Mr. Shrayber paid Ms. Osorio amounts ranging from
$500 to $2,500 in bribes every month for three years from 2007 to 2010 to get
her to bypass the low-bid system and steer the business to his firms. Ms.
Gutierrez was paid between $500 and $1,500 a month for about a year and a half
from 2008 to 2010, the prosecutor said.

Ms. Unger also told the court that Ms. Osorio and Ms. Gutierrez fully cooperated
with authorities in the investigation and prosecution of Mr. Shrayber.

Mr. Larson said that while there was no excuse for the defendants' conduct, both
women were particularly vulnerable to Mr. Shrayber's bribes because of their
financial situations.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2013 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             252 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Webb County, Texas Commissioner Sentenced to 76 Months in Prison for
Accepting Bribes in Exchange for Official Actions

LENGTH: 362  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON--An elected county commissioner for Precinct 1 of the Webb County
Commissioners Court in Texas was sentenced today to 76 months in prison for
accepting bribes in exchange for official actions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs of the FBI's San
Antonio Division made the announcement. U.S. District Judge Marina Garcia
Marmolejo of the Southern District of Texas imposed the sentence.

Kristopher Michael Montemayor, 37, of Laredo, Texas, pleaded guilty to one count
of federal programs bribery on June 19, 2014. In addition to the prison
sentence, he was ordered to pay a fine of $109,405.72 and to forfeit $13,721.16.

In his plea agreement, Montemayor admitted that he solicited and accepted
multiple bribes in exchange for promising to perform official acts.
Specifically, Montemayor admitted that he accepted three separate bribe payments
totaling $11,000 and over $2,700 in electronics and other merchandise, including
two Apple iPads and two pairs of Dr. Dre Beats Solo HD headphones, from a
businessman who, unbeknownst to Montemayor, was an undercover law enforcement
agent. In exchange for the cash and the other items, Montemayor promised to take
various forms of official action to promote the business interests of the
undercover agent.

Montemayor also admitted to accepting a 2012 Ford F-150 pick-up truck, worth
approximately $37,000, in exchange for providing government jobs to the vehicle
owner and his spouse. As a result of these appointments, the vehicle owner and
his wife received salaries of $26,000 and $45,553 from Webb County. Montemayor
admitted that the vehicle owner performed little or no work in exchange for his
government salary.

The case was investigated by the Laredo Resident Agency of the FBI's San Antonio
Division. The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Emily Rae Woods and Mark J.
Cipolletti of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             253 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

Defendant Seeks to Withdraw Guilty Plea in Judge Sparks Bribe Case

LENGTH: 579  words


In an unusual move, an imprisoned Mexican national who previously pleaded guilty
to conspiring to bribe U.S. District Judge Sam Sparks has asked a court to
withdraw his guilty plea.
I've only made a move to withdraw my client's plea two or three times in the
last 28 years of practice, said Flood & Flood partner Chris Flood of Houston,
who represents Francisco Antonio Colorado Cessa. And it's the first time I've
ever seen that the government agrees with it.


Daryl Fields, a spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western
District of Texas, declined to comment. He said if the court grants Colorado
Cessa's motion, the case would proceed to trial.
Colorado Cessa and two codefendants[#x2fff]his son, Francisco Agustin Colorado
Cebado and business associate Ramon Segura Flores[#x2fff]pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to bribe a public official.
The elder Colorado Cessa was convicted of conspiracy to launder monetary
instruments on May 9, 2013, and Sparks was the judge scheduled to preside over
his sentencing. That conviction related to Colorado Cessa and his company
funneling a large amount of currency derived from the sale of illegal narcotics
by the Los Zetas Drug Trafficking Organization, according to the indictment in
the bribery case.
The three bribery defendants conspired to bribe Sparks in exchange for a reduced
sentence for Colorado Cessa, alleged the indictment. Undercover officers
recorded more than 500 hours of conversations. Sparks never knew of the scheme.
[See Three Charged With Conspiring to Bribe Federal Judge, Texas Lawyer, Sept.
30, 2013, page 6.]
The three men also were charged with bribery of a public official, and Flores
also faced a perjury charge, according to the indictment. The additional charges
against Colorado Cebado and Flores were dismissed when the men were sentenced in
late July.
They each were sentenced to 12 months and one day in federal prison, a $10,000
fine and three years of nonreporting supervised release. At the time of
sentencing they had already been imprisoned for more than 11 months and had thus
served their sentences. Both were deported home to Mexico.
If the court were to accept Colorado Cessa withdrawing his guilty plea, he would
again face two charges: conspiracy to bribe a public official and bribery of a
public official.
Colorado Cessa's Dec. 4 motion to withdraw his guilty plea in United States v.
Colorado Cessa noted that he pleaded guilty on March 12 before a U.S. magistrate
judge with the understanding that a U.S. district judge would have to accept his
plea.  Colorado Cessa's sentencing is currently scheduled for Dec. 19; as the
court hasn't yet accepted his guilty plea, according to the motion to withdraw
the plea.
Colorado Cessa argued in the motion that the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure
would allow a defendant to withdraw an unaccepted guilty plea for any reason and
that the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit has characterized withdraw
of a plea as an absolute right.
On Dec. 5, the government filed a response to Colorado Cessa's motion. The
response acknowledged that the procedural rules and case law would allow the
withdrawal.
The government respectfully requests that Colorado Cessa should be allowed to
withdraw his plea and proceed to trial. The government would request a trial
date in May-June 2015, said the response. The government must submit a treaty
request to the Mexican government for witnesses and documents, it added. 2014
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             254 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: Montclair doctor gets 16 months for role in blood lab scheme

LENGTH: 361  words

DATELINE: Trenton


The County of Essex, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news
release:

A Montclair doctor was sentenced to 16 months in federal prison today for his
role in a $100 million bribery scheme that snared nearly two dozen physicians.

Charles Goldberg, 61, of West Orange, pleaded guilty in February 2014 to
accepting $1,800-a-month in bribes in exchange for referring tests of patients'
blood work to a Parsippany lab, New Jersey federal prosecutors say.

U.S. District Court Judge Stanley Chesler also ordered Goldberg to pay a $50,000
fine and forfeit another $58,000, the total amount in bribes he is alleged to
have received.

Prosecutors say the bribes were funneled to Goldberg through a sham lease
agreement in which a waiting room, examination room and bathroom in his
Montclair office were fraudulently listed as being leased.

Goldberg, an internist, is among 23 physicians who have already pleaded guilty
to their role in a long-running scheme that resulted in millions of dollars in
bribes and $100 million in insurance payouts to Biodiagnostic Laboratory
Services, the lab at the center of the scandal.

Also today, a Colts Neck doctor pleaded guilty to a single count of accepting
bribes during a separate appearance before Chesler, prosecutors say. Ralph
Messo, 53, admitted accepting $3,000-a-month in bribes in exchange for referring
patients' blood specimens to BLS, prosecutors say. The referrals generated more
than $800,000 in business for the lab, they added.

The mastermind of the scheme was David Nicoll, the president of BLS, prosecutors
say.

Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes, pleaded guilty to his role and is scheduled to be
sentenced on March 30, 2015.

As part of his plea deal, Nicoll agreed to forfeit some $50 million in property
and possessions, among them seat licenses to several professional sports teams
as well as vintage muscle cars.

Several of the cars were sold at a September auction in Lodi held by the U.S.
Marshals Service, which netted $2.535 million.

Prosecutors have so far recovered $10.5 million through forfeitures.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             255 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 11, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
More Charges And a Guilty Plea In City's Scandal

BYLINE: By Mary Connelly and Alan Finder

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 411 words


Four months after prosecutors began to suggest that some New York City officials
had misbehaved, the municipal scandal has produced charges involving three
agencies: the Parking Violations Bureau, the Taxi and Limousine Commission and
the Health and Hospitals Corporation. There were developments last week
involving two of them.

Lester N. Shafran, the former director of the parking bureau, was charged by a
Federal grand jury with accepting a bribe, in the form of a partnership in a
real-estate development firm, to influence the award of a contract to a private
collection company.

The indictment, which replaced and expanded upon an earlier one that charged Mr.
Shafran and four others with paying or receiving bribes in return for city
contracts, contended that Michael J. Lazar, the former City Transportation
Administrator, had arranged the deal for Mr. Shafran. At the time, Mr. Lazar was
representing Datacom Systems Corporation, the nation's largest collection
agency, which was renegotiating its contract.

As they had been previously, Mr. Lazar and Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx
Democratic leader, were also named as defendants in the expanded indictment.
They were accused of offering bribes for contracts with the parking bureau -
charges that they denied.

Mr. Shafran, through his attorney, maintained that his investment in the
partnership that bought the Candler Building at 220 West 42d Street was a
legitimate business investment. But prosecutors contended that Mr. Lazar's
effort to help Mr. Shafran become a partner, with the knowledge that he would
profit from the arrangement, constituted a bribe.

The new indictment named a sixth defendant, David Leff, who was charged with
having paid $62,000 in bribes to the deputy director of the parking bureau,
Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, to obtain a collection contract for a company in which
Mr. Leff was a partner. Mr. Lindenauer has admitted receiving bribes and is
cooperating with prosecutors.

In the second development last week, an executive of a defunct Brooklyn credit
union under investigation for its dealings with the former head of the Taxi and
Limousine Commission pleaded guilty to charges of improperly using the credit
union's money for real-estate transactions. The plea by Ian Grossfield, the
former vice president and manager of the Hyfin Credit Union, was the second by a
top executive of the financial institution, which was shut down by state banking
officials last month.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Lester N. Shafran (NYT/Keith Meyers)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             256 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 11, 2009 Tuesday

Feds seek forfeiture of TxDOT bribe money

BYLINE: Jeremy Roebuck, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 552 words


Aug. 11--MCALLEN -- The Texas Department of Transportation's former Pharr
maintenance director told investigators he extorted more than $23,000 from
contractors over a two-year period, according to court documents obtained
Monday.

Crecenciano "Chano" Falcon, 56, of Edinburg, was sentenced to five years in
prison in November, after pleading guilty to federal bribery charges. But
because the case never went to trial few details about his kickback scheme ever
came out.

On Monday, FBI agents filed a criminal forfeiture affidavit for $4,000 in
alleged bribe money seized during an April 2008 raid of his Edinburg home. The
document outlines a breezy, mutually beneficial relationship in which the man in
charge of the road maintenance in eight South Texas counties offered to "throw
some work" at contractors willing to "help (him) out."

Investigators were tipped off to the scheme in late 2007, when one of two
contractors from which Falcon later allegedly admitted accepting bribes
confessed.

George Cantu, a private highway sweeping contractor, told FBI agents that
between 2003 and 2007 he paid $500 to $1,000 bribes for every project awarded to
him.

Falcon was taken into custody in April 2008 during a sting operation at the Taco
Cabana Restaurant in McAllen. According to the affidavit, Cantu provided a
$4,000 bribe at this meeting to secure a contract sealing cracks in area
roadways.

After his arrest, Falcon told agents that Cantu had initially approached him
about the kickback scheme, according to the affidavit. In all, he accepted
between $10,000 and $13,000 in bribes from the man over a two year period, he is
quoted as saying in the document.

The former maintenance supervisor also reportedly confessed to receiving another
$13,000 in kickbacks from another contractor -- Ricardo Balli.

Balli pleaded guilty last year to lying to FBI agents and Texas Rangers about
the bribes, including $4,000 he paid Falcon to secure a $100,000 South Padre
Island sand removal project from the city.

That money was later found in a brown suit jacket hanging in Falcon's closet.
Federal prosecutors have now asked a U.S. District Judge to classify it as
criminal proceeds, making it eligible for forfeiture.

In court filings since his sentencing, Falcon has described that South Padre
Island money as a consulting fee Balli paid him for his help in steering him
through contract procurement process.

He has also challenged his conviction on the grounds that TxDOT does not pay for
maintenance work with federal funds, so crimes committed in his department
should not be eligible for federal prosecution.

Falcon, who is serving his sentence in a federal prison outside of Midland,
could not be reached for comment Monday. Court records did not have an
up-to-date listing for the attorney assigned to his case.

Jeremy Roebuck covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. You can
reach him at (956) 683-4437.

To see more of The Monitor, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.themonitor.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090811-MC-Feds-seek-forfeiture-of-TxDOT-bribe-money-0811

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2009 The Monitor


                             257 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 14, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Judge Is Charged With Taking Bribes

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B;  Page 3;  Column 4;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 929 words


A Manhattan Housing Court judge was charged yesterday with accepting bribes of
$1,000 to $1,500 to rule in favor of landlords and tenants who paid them.

The Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said the judge, Arthur R.
Scott Jr., a housing judge for 13 years, had accepted at least four bribes,
three of them part of a sting operation mounted by Mr. Morgenthau's office.

The judge, Mr. Morgenthau said, was "an equal opportunity receiver," taking
money from landlords, tenants and lawyers. In some cases, he said, the judge
used a middleman to solicit the bribes. But prosecutors said that in at least
two instances, Judge Scott personally accepted the money in meetings outside the
courthouse.

Wearing a brown sport jacket and dark slacks, a Burberry raincoat draped over
his arms, Judge Scott, 47, who was arrested Monday night, stood impassively at
his arraignment yesterday in Criminal Court.  His lawyer, Frank J. Loverro,
denied all the charges.

Criminal Court Judge Sheryl Parker set bail for the judge at $10,000 and ordered
him to surrender his passport while waiting for a Feb. 9 hearing.

Two other people were charged with collecting money on the judge's behalf, and a
lawyer was charged with paying a bribe.

Mr. Morgenthau said that more arrests were expected, but that there was no
evidence to indicate that any of the court's other judges took bribes.

It was unclear yesterday whether decisions by Judge Scott would be reversed
after the investigation, but Daniel Castleman, chief of the District Attorney's
investigative division, said that "at a minimum, hundreds of cases" could be
affected.

Mr. Morgenthau said that its investigation began a year ago after the State
Office of Court Administration passed along a complaint about the judge.

In the one case not involving the sting operation, the complaint said, Judge
Scott told a tenant last March that he would receive his apartment back after he
spoke with Euclid Watson, a building manager from Queens who was among those
arrested. The tenant said Mr. Watson showed him an unsigned decision in which
the judge ruled in the tenant's favor. The tenant said Mr. Watson told him that
the judge would sign the decision if the tenant paid $1,000.

The tenant said he told Mr. Watson that he did not want to pay until after the
judge had ruled in his favor.  About a month later, when the tenant returned to
court, he said he found that his file was missing. Judge Scott then told him
that he had ruled against him, the court papers said.

The tenant was evicted as a result of the judge's decision, and complained to
Jacqueline W. Silbermann, administrative judge of the Civil Court. She referred
the case to the District Attorney. Officials said they had already begun the
investigation by that time.

Judge Scott was charged with attempted grand larceny by extortion in that case
and with accepting bribes in the three others. He was also charged with scheming
to defraud in soliciting and accepting $5,000 in contributions for a campaign
for justice of the State Supreme Court in Brooklyn in the last election.
According to court papers, he never entered the race but kept the money.

Investigators said they paid out more than $10,000 in bribes in the cases, but
it is not clear how much the judge received and how much went to a middleman,
said a law enforcement official who spoke on the condition of anonymity.

Housing Court is the part of the City's Civil Court that handles disputes
between landlords and tenants. Its 35 judges handle some 340,000 cases each
year. The judges, who are appointed by a panel of administrative judges, make an
annual salary of $95,376.

Records of cases Judge Scott handled since coming to the Manhattan Housing Court
from Brooklyn Housing Court last February were confiscated on Monday. Over the
next few months, investigators will review them for any hints of payoffs.

A report that Judge Scott was under criminal investigation appeared in an
article in The New York Law Journal in September. At that time Judge Scott, who
is black, said he was being unfairly singled out because he was a minority
judge.

The more serious charges against Judge Scott, attempted grand larceny and
receiving a bribe, carry a maximum sentence of seven years in prison.

Mr. Watson, 56, was arrested on Sunday and charged with soliciting and accepting
bribes for the judge. Sharon Julius, 38, a friend of the judge's from Queens,
was arrested on Monday on a charge of scheming to defraud for allegedly
accepting the campaign contribution. Both were released on their own
recognizance.

Barry Goldrod, 47, a lawyer from New Jersey, was arrested late yesterday on a
charge of bribery for allegedly paying the judge to fix a case.

Judge Scott, who lives in Kew Gardens, Queens, had acquired a reputation among
colleagues in Brooklyn Housing Court as being tardy and often absent from the
bench, but he was reappointed in January 1993. He was, however, transferred a
month later to the housing part of Civil Court at 111 Centre Street in
Manhattan, where he would come under closer scrutiny.

The judge has been the target of other complaints. William Gribben, a Manhattan
lawyer, said yesterday that he and his associates had complained to the
administrative judges of the Civil Court about a case in which Judge Scott never
gave notice to Mr. Gribben's clients or his law firm about his decision and the
clients were nearly evicted.

The case was given to another Brooklyn Housing Court judge whose ruling was more
favorable to the tenants.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Arthur R. Scott Jr., a Housing Court judge, left, with his
lawyer, Frank J. Loverro, at Mr. Scott's arraignment in Criminal Court
yesterday. The judge was charged with taking bribes for favorable rulings. (Pool
Photo by Susan May Tell)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             258 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 12, 2011 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Sherman White, Star Caught in a Scandal, Dies at 82

BYLINE: By RICHARD GOLDSTEIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 648 words


Sherman White, an all-American forward at Long Island University of Brooklyn
whose prospects for a brilliant N.B.A. career with the Knicks were shattered by
his involvement in the 1951 point-shaving scandal that shook college basketball,
died Aug. 4 at his home in Piscataway, N.J. He was 82.

The cause was congestive heart failure, his wife, Ellen, said.

In the winter of '51, his senior season at L.I.U., White emerged as perhaps the
finest player in college basketball. An agile 6 feet 8 inches, he was leading
the nation in scoring with an average of more than 27 points a game. He was
adept at rebounding, jumping, handling the ball and running the court.

The Knicks were expected to select White in the N.B.A. draft, and he was told by
his coach, Clair Bee, that they were going to offer a lucrative contract.

But only days after The Sporting News named him college player of the year,
White and several L.I.U. teammates were arrested in February 1951 on charges of
accepting bribes from a professional gambler. The players, in exchange for the
bribes, affected the outcome of games, essentially by keeping margins of victory
below the established point spreads to create betting coups. Players from
powerful teams like City College, Bradley and the University of Kentucky were
also implicated in what became a national scandal.

White, a consensus all-American in his junior year, was accused of taking bribes
involving several L.I.U. games in his junior and senior seasons, one of them a
loss to Syracuse in the 1950 National Invitation Tournament. He led detectives
to $5,500 in bribe money he had hidden in an envelope taped to the back of a
dresser drawer at his room in a Brooklyn Y.M.C.A.

White was sentenced to a year in jail in November 1951 on his guilty plea to a
misdemeanor conspiracy charge and served nearly nine months. Together with the
other players in the scandal, he was barred from the N.B.A.

''It wasn't the money, it was peer pressure,'' White told Dave Anderson of The
New York Times in 1984. ''I was naive.''

White said: ''I used to think about what I missed not playing in the N.B.A., but
not much now. It took some time for the bitterness to go away, but you realize
there are other values in life besides basketball.''

Sherman White was born on Dec. 16, 1928, in Philadelphia but grew up in
Englewood, N.J., where he starred for an unbeaten Dwight Morrow High School team
in 1947.

When Madison Square Garden marked the 50th anniversary of the college game there
in 1984, White was named to its all-time team of collegians who had played at
the old or new Garden, and he was introduced as ''the virtuoso of New York
basketball.''

In addition to his wife, White is survived by his daughter, Marcell
White-Arcudi, from his marriage to his first wife, Doris, which ended in
divorce; three stepchildren, Laurie Badami, Shelley Lane and Wilbert Lane; a
brother, Robert; and a sister, Rebecca Davis.

White played basketball in the semipro Eastern League and worked in sales for a
New Jersey liquor distributor, but he focused as well on coaching and mentoring
inner-city youngsters. He did volunteer work with a community development center
in Orange, N.J., and, as he related it to Charley Rosen for his book ''Scandals
of '51'' (1978), ''I'll tell a kid about my involvement in the scandals if I
think it will do him any good.''

The basketball courts at Mackay Park in Englewood were named for White in 2010.

If not for the scandal, White might have propelled the Knicks to N.B.A.
supremacy at a time when the Minneapolis Lakers and center George Mikan were
dominating the league.

''Sherman would have put us over the top,'' the Knicks Hall of Fame guard Dick
McGuire told The Record of New Jersey in 1999. ''We would have won championships
with him. What you see now with Kevin Garnett, Marcus Camby and Lamar Odom, you
saw Sherman doing back then. He was well before his time.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Sherman White

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Sherman White in 1998. (PHOTOGRAPH BY FRED R. CONRAD/THE NEW
YORK TIMES)
 White, an all-American at Long Island University, had his career ruined by his
involvement in a point-shaving scandal. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ASSOCIATED PRESS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             259 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            February 8, 1991, Friday

THE 1991 LEGISLATIVE SESSION; New panel will examine campaign ethics; Cleland
calls influence of money key concern

BYLINE: By Jeanne Cummings Staff writerlegislation; ethics; politics; elections;
finances; bribery; georgia; dekalb/county

SECTION: STATE NEWS; SECTION E; PAGE 03

LENGTH: 388 words


It's been more than a year since state Supreme Court Justice Charles L. Weltner
uttered the words "a bribe is a bribe is a bribe," and the reverberations are
still rolling through the state's political community.

On Thursday, Secretary of State Max Cleland created an ethics study committee to
review campaign fund-raising and spending, disclosure laws and the rules
governing lobbyists.

In addition, at least two bills have been introduced in the Legislature this
year that stem in part from the DeKalb County case that led to one of the most
politically explosive Supreme Court rulings in years and prompted Justice
Weltner's "bribe" comment at an Atlanta Rotary Club meeting.

Developer Ramsey S. Agan was convicted of attempted bribery in 1988 after giving
about $ 7,500 to two county commissioners in hopes of influencing a zoning vote.

Mr. Agan's attorneys argued that the checks were campaign contributions. But
Justice Willis B. Hunt, writing for the court, said the money was a bribe - even
though it was disclosed on campaign contribution forms.

Mr. Cleland referred to the case when he noted that Justice Weltner is one of 50
politicians, lobbyists, ministers, business people, professors and media
executives who agreed to serve on the ethics study committee.

More than $ 19 million was raised during the 1990 governor's race compared to $
6.8 million in 1982, which Mr. Cleland said is evidence that "the influence of
money over politicians is gaining ground, while the influence of people at the
ballot boxes is waning."

The committee will take up the sticky issue of ethics less than a year after the
Legislature passed the most sweeping ethics bill since Watergate.

Mr. Cleland claimed that the 1990 effort was flawed because it was dominated by
three gubernatorial candidates whose primary interests were to harm one another
rather than improve state law.

One of those candidates, Zell Miller, is now in the Governor's Mansion and he
has introduced a measure aimed at giving prosecutors a law they can use in cases
similar to the DeKalb zoning case. The bill has passed the Senate and is in the
House.

In addition, Sen. Jim Tysinger (D-DeKalb) has introduced a measure broadening
the campaign disclosure requirements on zoning permit applicants - and their
attorneys.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: mug of Max Cleland

                    Copyright 1991 The Atlanta Constitution


                             260 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Former Portfolio Manager At The New York State Common Retirement Fund Charged In
\x93Pay-For-Play" Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1278  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New
York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), announced
today the unsealing of an Indictment charging NAVNOOR KANG, the former Director
of Fixed Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy at the New York State Common
Retirement Fund ("NYSCRF"), and DEBORAH KELLEY, a managing director of
institutional fixed income sales at a New York-based broker-dealer
("Broker-Dealer-1"), with participating in a "pay-for-play" bribery scheme
involving the NYSCRF.  KANG was arrested today in Portland, Oregon, and will be
presented later today before a U.S. Magistrate Judge in Portland.  KELLEY is
expected to surrender today to authorities in San Francisco, California.  The
case is assigned to U.S. District Judge J. Paul Oetken.





 Mr. Bharara also announced today the unsealing of charges against GREGG
SCHONHORN, a vice president of fixed income sales at a New York-based
broker-dealer ("Broker-Dealer-2"), who pled guilty and admitted to his
participation in the scheme.



 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Today, we allege a classic, quid-pro-quo
bribery scheme at the New York State Common Retirement Fund, the third largest
pension fund in the country.  Navnoor Kang, a former portfolio manager at the
fund, allegedly steered billions of dollars of business to broker-dealers who
bribed him with luxury vacations, high-priced watches, drugs, cash, and more.
The hard-earned pension savings of New Yorkers should never serve as a vehicle
for corrupt, personal enrichment. The intersection of public corruption and
securities fraud appears to be a busy one, but it's one that we are committed to
policing."



 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. said:  "Instead of
upholding his fiduciary duty, Kang was allegedly paid in bribes for diverting
business to two separate brokerage firms.  When it comes to retirement funds,
fixed-income investments are often thought of as a reliable choice.  Members of
the New York State Common Retirement Fund likely also relied on the belief that
the man directing their investments was an honest public servant. Unfortunately,
as alleged, that is not the case here today."



 According to the allegations in the Indictment[1] and Information, which were
unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:



 The NYSCRF



 The NYSCRF was a pension fund administered for the benefit of public employees
of the State of New York.  The third largest pension fund in the United States,
the NYSCRF held approximately $184 billion in assets in trust for a total of
more than one million retirees and other beneficiaries.



 From January 2014 through February 2016, KANG served as Director of Fixed
Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy for the NYSCRF.  In that capacity, KANG
was responsible for investing more than $53 billion in fixed-income securities
and was entrusted with discretion to manage those investments on behalf of the
NYSCRF.  KANG owed a fiduciary duty to the NYSCRF and its members and
beneficiaries, and was required to make investment decisions in their best
interests and free of any conflict of interest.  New York State law and NYSCRF
policies prohibited KANG and other NYSCRF employees from receiving any bribes,
gifts, benefits, or consideration of any kind.



 The Scheme to Steer NYSCRF Fixed-Income Business in Exchange for Secret Bribes



 From 2014 through 2016, KANG, KELLEY, and SCHONHORN participated in a scheme to
defraud the NYSCRF and its members and beneficiaries, and to deprive the NYSCRF
of its intangible right to KANG's honest services.  The scheme involved, among
other things, an agreement among KANG, KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and others to pay KANG
bribes - in the form of entertainment, travel, lavish meals, prostitutes,
nightclub bottle service, narcotics, tickets to sports games and other events,
luxury gifts, and cash payments for strippers and KANG's personal expenses - in
exchange for fixed-income business from the NYSCRF.  Such bribes - which totaled
more than $100,000 - were strictly forbidden by the NYSCRF, and were paid
secretly and without any disclosure to the NYSCRF and its members and
beneficiaries concerning the conflicts of interests inherent therein.



 In exchange for the bribes paid by KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and others, KANG used his
position as Director of Fixed Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy at the
NYSCRF to promote the interests of KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and their respective
brokerage firms.  KANG, in exchange for the bribes he received, agreed to steer
fixed-income business to Broker-Dealer-1 and Broker-Dealer-2.  In fact, KANG
steered more than $2 billion in fixed-income business to Broker-Dealer-1 and
Broker-Dealer-2, from which KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and their respective employers
earned millions of dollars in commissions from the NYSCRF.  In so doing, KANG,
with the knowledge and approval of KELLEY and SCHONHORN, breached his fiduciary
duty to make investment decisions in the best interest of the NYSCRF and its
members and beneficiaries, and free of conflict, and deprived the NYSCRF of its
intangible right to KANG's honest services.



 As the bribes paid by SCHONHORN to KANG increased, so too did Broker-Dealer-2's
fixed-income business with the NYSCRF.  The value of the NYSCRF's domestic bond
transactions with Broker-Dealer-2 skyrocketed from zero in the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2013, to approximately $1.5 million in the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2014, to approximately $858 million in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2015, and to approximately $2.378 billion in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2016.  Broker-Dealer-2 became the third largest broker-dealer with which the
NYSRCF executed domestic bonds transactions for the fiscal year ending March 31,
2016, having not even been on the approved list in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2013.  As the NYSCRF's third largest broker-dealer in this asset class,
Broker-Dealer-2 brokered approximately eight percent of the total value of the
NYSCRF's domestic bond transactions - a figure greater than that of all but two
of the major international banks and brokerage houses on the list.  Similarly,
the value of NYSCRF's domestic bond transactions with Broker-Dealer-1 increased
from zero in the fiscal year ending March 1, 2014 to approximately $156 million
in the fiscal year ending March 1, 2015, and to approximately $179 million in
the fiscal year ending March 1, 2016.



 KANG's trades resulted in the payment of millions of dollars in commissions to
Broker-Dealer-1 and Broker-Dealer-2, of which KELLEY and SCHONHORN personally
earned approximately 35 to 40 percent.



 The Obstruction of Justice



 In late 2015, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") opened an
investigation into the entertainment and benefits that KELLEY had provided KANG,
and the SEC subpoenaed both KANG and KELLEY for their testimony.  In advance of
their testimony, KANG and KELLEY agreed to align their stories and testify
falsely before the SEC in order to conceal their scheme.  In late 2015 and early
2016, KANG and KELLEY each falsely testified under oath before the SEC about
expenses KELLEY had paid for KANG.  Moreover, after a federal grand jury
investigation was opened, KANG instructed SCHONHORN to testify falsely before
the grand jury, and KANG admitted that he had hidden relevant evidence.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             261 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Former BizJet CEO, of Tulsa, pleads guilty in international bribe scheme

BYLINE: By Catherine Sweeney

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 356 words


TULSA - The former CEO of a Tulsa-based aircraft company pleaded guilty to
participation in a scheme to bribe international officials.Bernd Kowalewski, 57,
the former CEO of BizJet International Sales and Support, pleaded guilty
Thursday in Tulsa federal court to conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act.He is the third and most senior executive of the company to plead
guilty to bribery, according to a release from the U.S. Justice
Department.Former Vice President of Finance Neal Uhl and former Vice President
of Sales Peter DuBois pleaded guilty in January 2012.Prosecutors claim the
company offered bribes to officials in Mexico and Panama to get contracts for
aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul services."While Kowalewski and his
fellow executives referred to the corrupt payments as 'commissions' and
'incentives,' they were bribes, plain and simple," Assistant Attorney General
Leslie Caldwell in the release.The men paid the bribes directly to officials and
also through a shell company, the agency said.A shell company, Avionica
International &amp; Associates Inc., operated under the pretext of providing
aircraft maintenance brokerage services. It really laundered money to the
company's bribery scheme, prosecutors said.Bribes started out at about $3,000 to
$5,000 and were paid to a director of maintenance or chief pilot, prosecutors
said. The recipients were responsible for "decisions on where an aircraft went
for maintenance work," the Justice Department said.

Later, the recipients demanded up to $40,000 for "commissions," the agency
said.In email correspondence, the three executives and others discussed the rise
in demand, agreeing that the "commission" was an imperative part of the
business, prosecutors said."We must remain competitive in this respect to
maintain and gain market share," Uhl wrote in an email.Case continuesThe company
entered into a prosecution agreement with the Justice Department in March 2012
and agreed to pay $11.8 million in penalties.The case is ongoing, and is being
investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office with assistance from
Oklahoma's field office.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             262 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Former BizJet CEO, of Tulsa, pleads guilty in international bribe scheme

BYLINE: By Catherine Sweeney, Business Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 356 words


TULSA - The former CEO of a Tulsa-based aircraft company pleaded guilty to
participation in a scheme to bribe international officials.Bernd Kowalewski, 57,
the former CEO of BizJet International Sales and Support, pleaded guilty
Thursday in Tulsa federal court to conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act.He is the third and most senior executive of the company to plead
guilty to bribery, according to a release from the U.S. Justice
Department.Former Vice President of Finance Neal Uhl and former Vice President
of Sales Peter DuBois pleaded guilty in January 2012.Prosecutors claim the
company offered bribes to officials in Mexico and Panama to get contracts for
aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul services."While Kowalewski and his
fellow executives referred to the corrupt payments as 'commissions' and
'incentives,' they were bribes, plain and simple," Assistant Attorney General
Leslie Caldwell in the release.The men paid the bribes directly to officials and
also through a shell company, the agency said.A shell company, Avionica
International &amp; Associates Inc., operated under the pretext of providing
aircraft maintenance brokerage services. It really laundered money to the
company's bribery scheme, prosecutors said.Bribes started out at about $3,000 to
$5,000 and were paid to a director of maintenance or chief pilot, prosecutors
said. The recipients were responsible for "decisions on where an aircraft went
for maintenance work," the Justice Department said.

Later, the recipients demanded up $40,000 for "commissions," the agency said.In
email correspondence, the three executives and others discussed the rise in
demand, agreeing that the "commission" was an imperative part of the business,
prosecutors said."We must remain competitive in this respect to maintain and
gain market share," Uhl wrote in an email.Case continuesThe company entered into
a prosecution agreement with the Justice Department in March 2012 and agreed to
pay $11.8 million in penalties.The case is ongoing, and is being investigated by
the FBI's Washington Field Office with assistance from Oklahoma's field office.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             263 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             May 28, 2005 Saturday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

KC politician solicited 2 St. Louis officers for bribes, documents say The
incident involved a 2001 legislative proposal to ease residency restrictions,
according to court papers.

BYLINE: BY WILLIAM C. LHOTKA Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 345 words


Two St. Louis police officers refused to pay a bribe to a Kansas City politician
who offered them four votes for a 2001 legislative proposal to ease residency
restrictions, according to federal court documents filed in Kansas City.

Assistant U.S. Attorney William L. Meiners said Friday that Sgt. Gary Wiegert,
then president of the St. Louis Police Officers Association, and Sgt. Scott
Ruddle, then vice president, may be called to testify against former Jackson
County Executive William F. Waris.

Waris faces unrelated charges, but prosecutors filed papers Thursday claiming he
sought a $2,500 bribe as part of a pattern of misconduct.

Another potential witness is Franc Flotron, a former Republican state senator
from Chesterfield. He and Richard McIntosh of Jefferson City had been police
association lobbyists.

They told federal investigators that Wiegert reported being solicited for $2,500
to deliver the votes. According to court documents, McIntosh and Flotron told
Wiegert not to pay.

Flotron, McIntosh, Wiegert and Ruddle could not be reached Friday for comment.
John O'Connor, Waris' attorney, said Waris denied the allegations, the Kansas
City Star reported Friday.

Waris is scheduled for trial June 26 in U.S. District Judge Nanette Laughrey's
court in Kansas City on charges of making a false declaration to a grand jury
and obstruction of justice in another case.

The alleged bribe involved legislation that officers sought to pass for two
decades to allow St. Louis and Kansas City officers to live outside the city.
St. Louis police won their fight this spring in a vote of the city Police Board.

According to court documents, Waris, then a lobbyist for the Missouri Chapter of
the Fraternal Order of Police, approached Ruddle in March 2001 to offer the
votes of four black legislators for $2,500. The Missouri Black Caucus was a
longtime opponent of lifting the residency requirement. Waris subsequently met
with Wiegert, the documents say, and both sergeants turned him down.

There was no indication from the court files that Waris could have delivered the
votes.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             264 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 16, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

TOTAL OF BRIBES FOR PARKING CONTRACTS ESTIMATED TO BE AS HIGH AS $2 MILLION

BYLINE: By MICHAEL ORESKES

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 40, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1156 words


Federal prosecutors investigating corruption in the New York City Parking
Violations Bureau now believe that as much as $2 million in bribes was paid over
the last five years by collection companies seeking to keep contracts with the
agency.

Law-enforcement authorities said they believe that they can prove in court that
at least $400,000 was paid in bribes, mainly by companies whose officials are
cooperating with the Federal investigation.

An executive of one of these companies, Bernard Sandow, has told Federal agents
that he was instructed to pay 5 cents of every dollar he earned in commissions
for collecting delinquent parking fines and that he paid at least $200,000 in
bribes. Mr. Sandow has told investigators that the deputy director of the
Parking Violations Bureau, Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, told him that other
collection companies were paying off at the same rate.

The authorities said they were still seeking to document a total of between $1
million and $2 million paid in bribes. That total, according to a senior Justice
Department official, is based on the assumption that most contractors with the
bureau were making payments on about the same scale as those that have been
admitted by Mr. Sandow and a second collection company executive, Michael G.
Dowd.

Grand Jury Testimony

The admissions by Mr. Dowd, who has testified before a Federal grand jury in
Manhattan, and by Mr. Sandow are at the center of a municipal corruption scandal
that has shaken city government and helped force the resignation of Donald R.
Manes as Queens Borough President. Mr. Dowd, a principal in Computrace, a Queens
collection agency, has said he paid bribes to Mr. Lindenauer at Mr. Manes's
instruction. Mr. Manes has not been charged in the case.

The scandal has spawned numerous investigations by both Federal and city
prosecutors, but at the center is the Parking Violations Bureau, a 16-year-old
city agency with a history of political influence and conflicts.

One of the earliest conflicts, reported by the city's Department of
Investigation in 1972, involved the fixing of tickets for City Council
employees. The key figure, according to the investigation report, was Moses
Friedman, an administrative assistant in the Bronx office of the violations
bureau until his death on Oct 21, 1971.

Also participating, the report said, was Mr. Friedman's son, Stanley M.
Friedman, who was then associate council to the majority leader of the City
Council and is now the Bronx Democratic leader.

''I did take three tickets before my father,'' Stanley Friedman told The New
York Times in 1972. He said his father also ''took care'' of three tickets for a
cousin.

Contract Under Scrutiny

One focus of the current Federal investigation of the Parking Violations Bureau
is the bureau's decision to award a contract to make portable computers to a
company in which Mr. Friedman is an officer and major shareholder.

The Federal grand jury in Manhattan has taken testimony from a procession of
secretaries and clerical workers called to describe the inner workings of the
parking bureau, where executives of debt collection companies say they paid
bribes to its deputy director, Mr. Lindenauer, who has been suspended.

Mr. Lindenauer has been charged with extorting a $5,000 bribe from Mr. Sandow,
and Federal authorities are pressuring him to cooperate in their investigation.
They would like to identify who he shared the money with, investigtors said.

The Parking Violations Bureau is basically a court and a bank. In the court,
adminstrative law judges hear appeals from people who say their cars were
wrongly ticketed.

As a bank, the bureau collects payments and tracks who has paid the fines. About
400 city employees are involved in collecting what currently amounts to more
than $1 billion in unpaid parking fines.

This relatively small staff was possible because, beginning in 1974, much of the
collection work was farmed out to private companies. They received a percentage
of the money they collected in overdue fines.

This collection system was begun as a reform. The collection agencies were
praised by city officials as a means of improving efficiency and increasing
revenue as the city struggled through its fiscal crisis of the mid-70's.

The collection agencies would pursue fines that the city had been unable to
collect. The amount collected would be split, with the city getting more than it
would have had the tickets never been collected, and the collection agencies
keeping a profit. Under formulas worked out with bureau officials, the
commissions could be as high as 60 percent on the most-delinquent summonses.

Some opposed the system. Anthony H. Atlas, the first director of the bureau, who
was active in Mayor John V. Lindsay's political clubs in Queens, recalled that
he resisted the introduction of the collection agencies for several years. The
system, Mr. Atlas said, reminded him of the old practice of tax farming, ''where
the French Government would sell taxes to private individuals who would collect
by whatever means possible, including physical force.''

Higher Collection Rates

But the city was in a fiscal crisis, and by the middle of 1975 Mayor Abraham D.
Beame, struggling to balance the city budget, was proudly proclaiming that the
city was collecting parking fines at a rate almost 50 percent above previous
levels.

And a decade later, Mayor Koch's 1985 management report stated, ''The Parking
Violations Bureau continued record revenue collections for the fifth consecutive
year. P.V.B. collected $168.2 million in fiscal 1985, 11 percent more than
fiscal 1984.''

Much of this was collected by the city itself, mainly from motorists who came in
and paid. The collection agencies collected $45.8 million from scofflaws last
year, of which they were paid $16.8 million, or 37 percent, as commissions.

Mayor Koch, when asked recently how bribery in the bureau could have gone
undetected, said that with more money coming in every year, no one at City Hall
had reason to question the bureau's performance.

Meanwhile, the agency was a center of political patronage, operated by people
with close ties to the city's Democratic party systems.

Lester N. Shafran, who recently resigned as director of the bureau, was the
president of the Queens political club of City Councilman Morton Povman, a
candidate to replace Mr. Manes as the Democratic county leader. Mr. Lindenauer,
the deputy director, was a close friend of Mr. Manes.

One of the bureau's first employees, a former Brooklyn City Councilman, Kenneth
S. Knigin, was found by the Board of Ethics in 1972 to have violated
conflict-of-interest rules because he continued to practice law while working as
deputy director at the bureau. He resigned and was immediately retained as a
$150-a-day consultant.

Other former officials of the parking bureau have moved on to companies that do
business with the agency.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             265 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Former Portfolio Manager At The New York State Common Retirement
Fund Charged In \x93Pay-For-Play" Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1728  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New
York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), announced
today the unsealing of an Indictment charging NAVNOOR KANG, the former Director
of Fixed Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy at the New York State Common
Retirement Fund ("NYSCRF"), and DEBORAH KELLEY, a managing director of
institutional fixed income sales at a New York-based broker-dealer
("Broker-Dealer-1"), with participating in a "pay-for-play" bribery scheme
involving the NYSCRF.  KANG was arrested today in Portland, Oregon, and will be
presented later today before a U.S. Magistrate Judge in Portland.  KELLEY is
expected to surrender today to authorities in San Francisco, California.  The
case is assigned to U.S. District Judge J. Paul Oetken.



 Mr. Bharara also announced today the unsealing of charges against GREGG
SCHONHORN, a vice president of fixed income sales at a New York-based
broker-dealer ("Broker-Dealer-2"), who pled guilty and admitted to his
participation in the scheme.

 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Today, we allege a classic, quid-pro-quo
bribery scheme at the New York State Common Retirement Fund, the third largest
pension fund in the country.  Navnoor Kang, a former portfolio manager at the
fund, allegedly steered billions of dollars of business to broker-dealers who
bribed him with luxury vacations, high-priced watches, drugs, cash, and more.
The hard-earned pension savings of New Yorkers should never serve as a vehicle
for corrupt, personal enrichment. The intersection of public corruption and
securities fraud appears to be a busy one, but it's one that we are committed to
policing."

 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. said:  "Instead of
upholding his fiduciary duty, Kang was allegedly paid in bribes for diverting
business to two separate brokerage firms.  When it comes to retirement funds,
fixed-income investments are often thought of as a reliable choice.  Members of
the New York State Common Retirement Fund likely also relied on the belief that
the man directing their investments was an honest public servant. Unfortunately,
as alleged, that is not the case here today."

 According to the allegations in the Indictment[1] and Information, which were
unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:

 The NYSCRF

 The NYSCRF was a pension fund administered for the benefit of public employees
of the State of New York.  The third largest pension fund in the United States,
the NYSCRF held approximately $184 billion in assets in trust for a total of
more than one million retirees and other beneficiaries.

 From January 2014 through February 2016, KANG served as Director of Fixed
Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy for the NYSCRF.  In that capacity, KANG
was responsible for investing more than $53 billion in fixed-income securities
and was entrusted with discretion to manage those investments on behalf of the
NYSCRF.  KANG owed a fiduciary duty to the NYSCRF and its members and
beneficiaries, and was required to make investment decisions in their best
interests and free of any conflict of interest.  New York State law and NYSCRF
policies prohibited KANG and other NYSCRF employees from receiving any bribes,
gifts, benefits, or consideration of any kind.

 The Scheme to Steer NYSCRF Fixed-Income Business in Exchange for Secret Bribes

 From 2014 through 2016, KANG, KELLEY, and SCHONHORN participated in a scheme to
defraud the NYSCRF and its members and beneficiaries, and to deprive the NYSCRF
of its intangible right to KANG's honest services.  The scheme involved, among
other things, an agreement among KANG, KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and others to pay KANG
bribes - in the form of entertainment, travel, lavish meals, prostitutes,
nightclub bottle service, narcotics, tickets to sports games and other events,
luxury gifts, and cash payments for strippers and KANG's personal expenses - in
exchange for fixed-income business from the NYSCRF.  Such bribes - which totaled
more than $100,000 - were strictly forbidden by the NYSCRF, and were paid
secretly and without any disclosure to the NYSCRF and its members and
beneficiaries concerning the conflicts of interests inherent therein.

 In exchange for the bribes paid by KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and others, KANG used his
position as Director of Fixed Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy at the
NYSCRF to promote the interests of KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and their respective
brokerage firms.  KANG, in exchange for the bribes he received, agreed to steer
fixed-income business to Broker-Dealer-1 and Broker-Dealer-2.  In fact, KANG
steered more than $2 billion in fixed-income business to Broker-Dealer-1 and
Broker-Dealer-2, from which KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and their respective employers
earned millions of dollars in commissions from the NYSCRF.  In so doing, KANG,
with the knowledge and approval of KELLEY and SCHONHORN, breached his fiduciary
duty to make investment decisions in the best interest of the NYSCRF and its
members and beneficiaries, and free of conflict, and deprived the NYSCRF of its
intangible right to KANG's honest services.

 As the bribes paid by SCHONHORN to KANG increased, so too did Broker-Dealer-2's
fixed-income business with the NYSCRF.  The value of the NYSCRF's domestic bond
transactions with Broker-Dealer-2 skyrocketed from zero in the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2013, to approximately $1.5 million in the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2014, to approximately $858 million in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2015, and to approximately $2.378 billion in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2016.  Broker-Dealer-2 became the third largest broker-dealer with which the
NYSRCF executed domestic bonds transactions for the fiscal year ending March 31,
2016, having not even been on the approved list in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2013.  As the NYSCRF's third largest broker-dealer in this asset class,
Broker-Dealer-2 brokered approximately eight percent of the total value of the
NYSCRF's domestic bond transactions - a figure greater than that of all but two
of the major international banks and brokerage houses on the list.  Similarly,
the value of NYSCRF's domestic bond transactions with Broker-Dealer-1 increased
from zero in the fiscal year ending March 1, 2014 to approximately $156 million
in the fiscal year ending March 1, 2015, and to approximately $179 million in
the fiscal year ending March 1, 2016.

 KANG's trades resulted in the payment of millions of dollars in commissions to
Broker-Dealer-1 and Broker-Dealer-2, of which KELLEY and SCHONHORN personally
earned approximately 35 to 40 percent.

 The Obstruction of Justice

 In late 2015, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") opened an
investigation into the entertainment and benefits that KELLEY had provided KANG,
and the SEC subpoenaed both KANG and KELLEY for their testimony.  In advance of
their testimony, KANG and KELLEY agreed to align their stories and testify
falsely before the SEC in order to conceal their scheme.  In late 2015 and early
2016, KANG and KELLEY each falsely testified under oath before the SEC about
expenses KELLEY had paid for KANG.  Moreover, after a federal grand jury
investigation was opened, KANG instructed SCHONHORN to testify falsely before
the grand jury, and KANG admitted that he had hidden relevant evidence.

 *                      *                      *

 KANG, 38, of Portland, Oregon, and KELLEY, 58, of Piedmont, California, are
charged with the offenses set forth in the chart attached to this release.

 On December 15, 2016, SCHONHORN, 45, of Short Hills, New Jersey, pled guilty in
Manhattan federal court before Judge Paul G. Gardephe to six counts: conspiracy
to commit securities fraud; securities fraud; conspiracy to commit honest
services wire fraud; honest services wire fraud; bank fraud; and conspiracy to
obstruct justice in the SEC investigation.  Count One carries a maximum sentence
of five years in prison.  Counts Two, Three, Four, and Six each carry a maximum
sentence of 20 years in prison.  Count Five carries a maximum sentence of 30
years in prison.  The charges also carry a maximum fine of $5 million, or twice
the gross gain or loss from the offense.

 The maximum potential sentences in this case are prescribed by Congress and are
provided here for informational purposes only, as any sentencing of the
defendants will be determined by the judge.

 Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI and noted that the
investigation is continuing.   He also thanked the SEC, which filed civil
charges against KANG, KELLEY, and SCHONHORN in a separate civil action today,
and the Office of Inspector General for the Office of the New York State
Comptroller.

 The charges were brought in connection with the President's Financial Fraud
Enforcement Task Force.  The task force was established to wage an aggressive,
coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes.
With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys' offices, and state and
local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law enforcement, investigatory
and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud.  Since its formation,
the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased investigation
and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and cooperation
among federal, state and local authorities; addressing discrimination in the
lending and financial markets; and conducting outreach to the public, victims,
financial institutions and other organizations.  Since fiscal year 2009, the
Justice Department has filed over 18,000 financial fraud cases against more than
25,000 defendants.  For more information on the task force, please visit
www.StopFraud.gov.

 This case is being handled by the Office's Securities and Commodities Fraud
Task Force.  Assistant U.S. Attorneys Edward A. Imperatore and Joshua A.
Naftalis are in charge of the prosecution.

 The allegations contained in the Indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             266 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Former Portfolio Manager At The New York State Common Retirement
Fund Charged In \x93Pay-For-Play" Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1728  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New
York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), announced
today the unsealing of an Indictment charging NAVNOOR KANG, the former Director
of Fixed Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy at the New York State Common
Retirement Fund ("NYSCRF"), and DEBORAH KELLEY, a managing director of
institutional fixed income sales at a New York-based broker-dealer
("Broker-Dealer-1"), with participating in a "pay-for-play" bribery scheme
involving the NYSCRF.  KANG was arrested today in Portland, Oregon, and will be
presented later today before a U.S. Magistrate Judge in Portland.  KELLEY is
expected to surrender today to authorities in San Francisco, California.  The
case is assigned to U.S. District Judge J. Paul Oetken.



 Mr. Bharara also announced today the unsealing of charges against GREGG
SCHONHORN, a vice president of fixed income sales at a New York-based
broker-dealer ("Broker-Dealer-2"), who pled guilty and admitted to his
participation in the scheme.

 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Today, we allege a classic, quid-pro-quo
bribery scheme at the New York State Common Retirement Fund, the third largest
pension fund in the country.  Navnoor Kang, a former portfolio manager at the
fund, allegedly steered billions of dollars of business to broker-dealers who
bribed him with luxury vacations, high-priced watches, drugs, cash, and more.
The hard-earned pension savings of New Yorkers should never serve as a vehicle
for corrupt, personal enrichment. The intersection of public corruption and
securities fraud appears to be a busy one, but it's one that we are committed to
policing."

 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. said:  "Instead of
upholding his fiduciary duty, Kang was allegedly paid in bribes for diverting
business to two separate brokerage firms.  When it comes to retirement funds,
fixed-income investments are often thought of as a reliable choice.  Members of
the New York State Common Retirement Fund likely also relied on the belief that
the man directing their investments was an honest public servant. Unfortunately,
as alleged, that is not the case here today."

 According to the allegations in the Indictment[1] and Information, which were
unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:

 The NYSCRF

 The NYSCRF was a pension fund administered for the benefit of public employees
of the State of New York.  The third largest pension fund in the United States,
the NYSCRF held approximately $184 billion in assets in trust for a total of
more than one million retirees and other beneficiaries.

 From January 2014 through February 2016, KANG served as Director of Fixed
Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy for the NYSCRF.  In that capacity, KANG
was responsible for investing more than $53 billion in fixed-income securities
and was entrusted with discretion to manage those investments on behalf of the
NYSCRF.  KANG owed a fiduciary duty to the NYSCRF and its members and
beneficiaries, and was required to make investment decisions in their best
interests and free of any conflict of interest.  New York State law and NYSCRF
policies prohibited KANG and other NYSCRF employees from receiving any bribes,
gifts, benefits, or consideration of any kind.

 The Scheme to Steer NYSCRF Fixed-Income Business in Exchange for Secret Bribes

 From 2014 through 2016, KANG, KELLEY, and SCHONHORN participated in a scheme to
defraud the NYSCRF and its members and beneficiaries, and to deprive the NYSCRF
of its intangible right to KANG's honest services.  The scheme involved, among
other things, an agreement among KANG, KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and others to pay KANG
bribes - in the form of entertainment, travel, lavish meals, prostitutes,
nightclub bottle service, narcotics, tickets to sports games and other events,
luxury gifts, and cash payments for strippers and KANG's personal expenses - in
exchange for fixed-income business from the NYSCRF.  Such bribes - which totaled
more than $100,000 - were strictly forbidden by the NYSCRF, and were paid
secretly and without any disclosure to the NYSCRF and its members and
beneficiaries concerning the conflicts of interests inherent therein.

 In exchange for the bribes paid by KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and others, KANG used his
position as Director of Fixed Income and Head of Portfolio Strategy at the
NYSCRF to promote the interests of KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and their respective
brokerage firms.  KANG, in exchange for the bribes he received, agreed to steer
fixed-income business to Broker-Dealer-1 and Broker-Dealer-2.  In fact, KANG
steered more than $2 billion in fixed-income business to Broker-Dealer-1 and
Broker-Dealer-2, from which KELLEY, SCHONHORN, and their respective employers
earned millions of dollars in commissions from the NYSCRF.  In so doing, KANG,
with the knowledge and approval of KELLEY and SCHONHORN, breached his fiduciary
duty to make investment decisions in the best interest of the NYSCRF and its
members and beneficiaries, and free of conflict, and deprived the NYSCRF of its
intangible right to KANG's honest services.

 As the bribes paid by SCHONHORN to KANG increased, so too did Broker-Dealer-2's
fixed-income business with the NYSCRF.  The value of the NYSCRF's domestic bond
transactions with Broker-Dealer-2 skyrocketed from zero in the fiscal year
ending March 31, 2013, to approximately $1.5 million in the fiscal year ending
March 31, 2014, to approximately $858 million in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2015, and to approximately $2.378 billion in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2016.  Broker-Dealer-2 became the third largest broker-dealer with which the
NYSRCF executed domestic bonds transactions for the fiscal year ending March 31,
2016, having not even been on the approved list in the fiscal year ending March
31, 2013.  As the NYSCRF's third largest broker-dealer in this asset class,
Broker-Dealer-2 brokered approximately eight percent of the total value of the
NYSCRF's domestic bond transactions - a figure greater than that of all but two
of the major international banks and brokerage houses on the list.  Similarly,
the value of NYSCRF's domestic bond transactions with Broker-Dealer-1 increased
from zero in the fiscal year ending March 1, 2014 to approximately $156 million
in the fiscal year ending March 1, 2015, and to approximately $179 million in
the fiscal year ending March 1, 2016.

 KANG's trades resulted in the payment of millions of dollars in commissions to
Broker-Dealer-1 and Broker-Dealer-2, of which KELLEY and SCHONHORN personally
earned approximately 35 to 40 percent.

 The Obstruction of Justice

 In late 2015, the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") opened an
investigation into the entertainment and benefits that KELLEY had provided KANG,
and the SEC subpoenaed both KANG and KELLEY for their testimony.  In advance of
their testimony, KANG and KELLEY agreed to align their stories and testify
falsely before the SEC in order to conceal their scheme.  In late 2015 and early
2016, KANG and KELLEY each falsely testified under oath before the SEC about
expenses KELLEY had paid for KANG.  Moreover, after a federal grand jury
investigation was opened, KANG instructed SCHONHORN to testify falsely before
the grand jury, and KANG admitted that he had hidden relevant evidence.

 *                      *                      *

 KANG, 38, of Portland, Oregon, and KELLEY, 58, of Piedmont, California, are
charged with the offenses set forth in the chart attached to this release.

 On December 15, 2016, SCHONHORN, 45, of Short Hills, New Jersey, pled guilty in
Manhattan federal court before Judge Paul G. Gardephe to six counts: conspiracy
to commit securities fraud; securities fraud; conspiracy to commit honest
services wire fraud; honest services wire fraud; bank fraud; and conspiracy to
obstruct justice in the SEC investigation.  Count One carries a maximum sentence
of five years in prison.  Counts Two, Three, Four, and Six each carry a maximum
sentence of 20 years in prison.  Count Five carries a maximum sentence of 30
years in prison.  The charges also carry a maximum fine of $5 million, or twice
the gross gain or loss from the offense.

 The maximum potential sentences in this case are prescribed by Congress and are
provided here for informational purposes only, as any sentencing of the
defendants will be determined by the judge.

 Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI and noted that the
investigation is continuing.   He also thanked the SEC, which filed civil
charges against KANG, KELLEY, and SCHONHORN in a separate civil action today,
and the Office of Inspector General for the Office of the New York State
Comptroller.

 The charges were brought in connection with the President's Financial Fraud
Enforcement Task Force.  The task force was established to wage an aggressive,
coordinated and proactive effort to investigate and prosecute financial crimes.
With more than 20 federal agencies, 94 U.S. attorneys' offices, and state and
local partners, it is the broadest coalition of law enforcement, investigatory
and regulatory agencies ever assembled to combat fraud.  Since its formation,
the task force has made great strides in facilitating increased investigation
and prosecution of financial crimes; enhancing coordination and cooperation
among federal, state and local authorities; addressing discrimination in the
lending and financial markets; and conducting outreach to the public, victims,
financial institutions and other organizations.  Since fiscal year 2009, the
Justice Department has filed over 18,000 financial fraud cases against more than
25,000 defendants.  For more information on the task force, please visit
www.StopFraud.gov.

 This case is being handled by the Office's Securities and Commodities Fraud
Task Force.  Assistant U.S. Attorneys Edward A. Imperatore and Joshua A.
Naftalis are in charge of the prosecution.

 The allegations contained in the Indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             267 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 17, 2016 Tuesday

Former Government Contractor Pleads Guilty to Bribery

LENGTH: 283  words


Bribes Paid to Former GSA Employees Totaling $15,000 in Exchange for Contract
Work

A former government contractor pleaded guilty today to paying bribes to public
officials related to work his company performed for the General Services
Administration (GSA), announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of
the Justice Departments Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein of
the District of Maryland.

Moustafa Ahmed Ibrahim, 37, of Harrisonburg, Virginia, pleaded guilty today
before U.S. District Judge George L. Russell III of the District of Maryland to
one count of bribery.  A sentencing hearing is scheduled for Sept. 9, 2016.

In his plea agreement, Ibrahim admitted that between October 2007 and November
2009, he paid cash bribes totaling at least $15,000 to two GSA building managers
in the Washington, D.C., metro area.  In exchange for the bribes, the two
managers, both of whom have already pleaded guilty to bribery, awarded more than
$200,000 in construction and maintenance work at the facilities they managed to
Ibrahims general contracting company.  Each job was for less than $3,000 and so
could be billed to a government credit card without an open bidding process, and
Ibrahim admitted that in exchange for the work, that he would kick back
approximately 10 percent of each job to the relevant GSA employee.  As part of
the plea agreement, Ibrahim also agreed to forfeiture totaling $15,000.

The GSA Office of Inspector General is investigating the case.  Trial Attorney
Richard B. Evans of the Criminal Divisions Public Integrity Section and
Assistant U.S. Attorney Kelly O. Hayes of the District of Maryland are
prosecuting the case. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             268 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 23, 2015 Thursday

Doctor Sentenced to 21 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes as Part of
Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 504  words


NEWARK, NJ-A Middlesex County doctor with practices in Jersey City, New Jersey,
was sentenced today to 21 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for
test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its
president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DelPiano, 55, of Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, previously pleaded
guilty before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging
him with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today
in Newark federal court.

Including DelPiano, 38 people-26 of them doctors-have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $11 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DelPiano admitted that from October 2005 through March 2013, he accepted bribes
in return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS and was paid
approximately $2,300 per month. In return for a total of $189,175 in bribes,
DelPiano's referrals generated at least $1,752,603.24 in lab business for BLS.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced DelPiano to one year of
supervised release and fined him $10,000. DelPiano must also forfeit $207,500 as
part of his plea agreement.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen, and the U.S. Postal Inspection
Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the
ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven;
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish; Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark; and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             269 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              May 16, 2016 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters to the editor, May 16

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1082 words


Daily fantasy sports designed to create real-time gambling

Virtually a nonentity in 2012, by 2015 daily fantasy sports was the largest
advertiser in the United States. But by the end of 2015, daily fantasy sports
was the subject of investigations by the U.S. Attorney offices in New York,
Boston and Tampa. Other criminal justice authorities, including two dozen state
attorney generals, were reviewing various operations.

N.Y. Attorney General Eric Schneiderman declared daily fantasy sports illegal in
October 2015. He was soon joined by the attorney generals of 11 other states,
including Illinois.

Daily fantasy sports places real-time gambling at every school desk, work desk,
family TV, video game and cell phone. Virtually all academic experts concur that
daily fantasy sports is designed to create ubiquitous real-time gambling without
any effective consumer protection.

Specifically designed to seduce a youth market, the daily fantasy sports
marketing philosophy also reportedly synchronizes well with pornography
marketing techniques. The title of a February news report by Bloomberg
emphasizes this marketing: "Porn Giant Vivid Wants to Rescue Daily Fantasy
Sports."

The U.S. National Gambling Impact Study Commission Report concluded that daily
fantasy sports-type gambling was "impossible to regulate" and had to be
prohibited. These conclusions have been confirmed by experts at congressional
hearings and in academic publications, including the multivolume U.S.
International Gaming Report, produced at the University of Illinois and in
concert with other research universities.

In 2015 congressional hearings began investigating the proliferation and abuses
involving daily fantasy sports. All states would be well-advised to reject the
claims and endeavors of the industry's lobbyists to leverage state governments
into confrontations with the U.S. Department of Justice and the majority of
state attorney generals.

John W. Kindt - Champaign, Ill.

Professor, University of Illinois

Hard to see difference between political donation and a bribe

The editorial of "Corruption and the court" (May 9) shows how far we are
straying from true representative government. Even the Supreme Court is helping
politicians receive what they call "donations" or "contributions," but everyone
else calls bribes or extortion.

Our potential next president, who is the "outsider," admitted during
presidential debates that he is actually part of the problem: he gave bribes not
received them. Being an equal opportunity briber, he gave to both parties.

I remember asking Ann Wagner, before she ran for office, the difference between
donations and bribes. She said politicians would not accept bribes. Now I read
that Rep. Wagner received about $400,000 from the financial services industry.
She also recently sponsored legislation to defeat a Department of Labor
directive designed to protect you and me from unscrupulous financial industry
advisers.

Would the Supreme Court call that a friendly donation?

Martin Walsh - Glendale

Dismissal of public

schools is unwarranted

In his letter "Charter schools offer hope for city school students" (May 4), Jim
Higgins discusses a recent article regarding public schools attempting to sue
charter schools for money.

Higgins, in his argument, attests to the effectiveness of charter schools, but
in the process degrades public schools, saying that they are stuck in a cycle of
mediocrity. He even states that public schools seem more concerned with
maintaining funding than with the performance of students.

Quality education is essential for the success of the future generations, and it
is unfair to assume that public schools do not view this as their utmost
importance. Often when improvements within schools need to be made, a monetary
backing is needed in order to make those improvements possible, hence the need
for more funding. It is unrealistic to expect public schools to continue
improving if they do not have the resources and funding to do so.

Higgins' belief in the education benefits of charter schools is credible;
however, his dismissal of public schools is not. Public schools are full of
teachers, staff and administration who work tirelessly each day in order to
ensure the success of their students.

Maggie Quinn - St. Louis

Self-perception apparently dictates reality

Regarding the editorial "There's a man in my bathroom" (May 11):

I have a simple request for the Post-Dispatch: Define the terms "man" and
"woman." I suspect you will rapidly find it requires defining the terms "male"
and "female," which in turn hinge on physical realities. If one's self-image
does not match physical realities, that is hardly justification for ignoring
physical realities. Otherwise, you get into the maddeningly circular definition
of "man/woman" as "a person who feels like a man/woman."

I once met a homeless man on South Seventh Street who, due to the natural
neurochemical conditioning of his brain, held the sincere belief he was from a
place called "Upper Earth." So does the Post-Dispatch maintain we owe him an
immigration lawyer, since self-perception apparently dictates reality? "But
there is no physical evidence of a place called 'Upper Earth,' " you might
protest. Well, there is as much physical evidence for that as there was for
Caitlyn Jenner's womanhood.

Bryan Kirchoff - St. Louis

Shouldn't tinker with reliability of guns for home defense

Guns have been and still are a part of American culture. Sadly, in some
instances, guns haven't been used for the right reasons.

In the editorial "Funner fun with guns" (May 3), the Post-Dispatch compares the
stats from guns used for their purpose (home defense) and guns being misused
(suicides, homicides). The editors believe that gun makers should implement a
technology that would recognize/deny unauthorized users, and the stats show why.

While I do believe that we should have stricter gun laws, I don't believe this
technology would be beneficial. Like any technology, it's prone to malfunctions
and possible hacking. Reliability is something you want for a home defense
weapon. You need it to function when a possible threat enters your home. The
possibility that it can malfunction is unfair to the people who use guns for
their intended purpose and could cost someone their possessions or even their
life.

Guns aren't the ones to blame, and to tinker with their reliability would be a
disservice to the people that use them properly.

Jack Huynh - St. Louis

Read more letters online at STLtoday.com/letters

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Fantasy Sports Trade Association Chairman Peter Schoenke testifies on
Capitol Hill in Washington, Wednesday, May 11, 2016, before a House Commerce,
Manufacturing, and Trade subcommittee hearing on fantasy sports. (AP
Photo/Jacquelyn Martin)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             270 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

She's 'bribe'-zilla Ex-lover demolishes pol Boyland in court

BYLINE: Selim Algar

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 355 words


Brooklyn Assemblyman William Boyland Jr.'s former chief of staff - who's also
his ex-lover - took aim at the embattled politico at his federal corruption
trial Thursday and accused him of sniffing for payola.

Ry-Ann Hermon - who once purred to an undercover agent that a bribe made her
"hot" - told jurors she and Boyland repeatedly fished for payoffs.

"Under my official capacity, I accepted bribes and I helped my former boss
receive bribes as well," said a tense but composed Hermon during her highly
anticipated turn on the stand.

She was arrested along with Boyland and hit with corruption raps for soliciting
payoffs in exchange for political favors from agents posing as businessmen,
prosecutors charge.

The single mom and former real-estate agent quickly copped a plea in exchange
for cooperating against her former lover.

Hermon said she helped to gather permits and documents on behalf of the
"businessmen," who forked over cash to gain access to profitable ventures in
Boyland's political domain.

"I assisted my former boss in giving documents for a real-estate deal we were
trying to do in the district," Hermon said in Brooklyn federal court.

She also pilloried her former boss/lover for his slovenly accounting skills and
a penchant for extravagance.

"The member was a big spender," she testified.

"So a lot of the time, he ran out of money and overspent on things."

Hermon occasionally trained a stoic gaze on Boyland during breaks in her
testimony. Recordings played during the trial revealed that Hermon also sought
out bribes behind Boyland's back and repeatedly lampooned him as inept to the
agents.

When an undercover in 2011 agreed to hand over a $1,000 bribe during a dinner at
the Waldorf-Astoria in Manhattan, the cognac-sipping Hermon said, "You just,
like, made me hot."

Her testimony will continue when the trial resumes on Tuesday.

Two former treasurers for Boyland's office have also testified that he skimmed
money from campaign coffers.

Boyland backed out of a nine-year plea deal and now faces the prospect of 30
years behind bars if he's convicted.

salgar@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ouch! Assemblyman William Boyland Jr. was aided in bribe-seeking by
ex-aide Ry-Ann Hermon, she testified Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             271 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   JUNE 14, 1995 Wednesday NEW JERSEY EDITION

2D PRINTER SAYS HE PAID OFF KEATING CAMDEN COUNTY'S CLERK IS ON TRIAL ON BRIBERY
CHARGES. YESTERDAY'S WITNESS QUIETLY TOLD OF 16 YEARS OF STEADY KICKBACKS.

BYLINE: Nancy Phillips, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. S01

LENGTH: 819 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


A second printer told a jury yesterday that Camden County Clerk Michael S.
Keating routinely demanded bribes and campaign contributions in exchange for
county printing work.

William H. Fernandez of Runnemede, who printed absentee ballots for Camden
County for more than a decade, said he paid Keating bribes ranging from $2,000
to $5,000 after every primary and general election from 1976 to 1992. Each year,
a few days after he was paid for the county work, Fernandez said, he would write
a check to cash, then deliver the money to Keating.

Fernandez, co-owner of the Weekly Visitor Printing Co. in Audubon, is the second
printer to testify that bribes and campaign contributions were a condition of
contracts they got from the clerk.

Keating, 55, a prominent Democrat, is accused of accepting $213,000 from
Fernandez and another printer, George L. Nicholas, in a scheme that inflated the
cost of holding elections in Camden County for years. He has pleaded not guilty
to bribery, conspiracy, official misconduct and other charges.

In Mercer County Superior Court yesterday, Fernandez, 65 and in ailing health,
seemed reluctant to recount his dealings with Keating. He testified in a soft
voice with his eyes downcast. At one point, as Judge Thomas P. Kelly huddled
with the lawyers during a break in the proceedings, Fernandez looked at Keating,
shook his head and whispered, "I'm sorry." Keating did not acknowledge him.

Fernandez told the jury that Keating gave him a contract to print absentee
ballots and in exchange, insisted that he pay bribes and campaign contributions
in ever-increasing amounts. Before each election, he said, the clerk would hold
up his fingers to indicate the amount of the bribe. He said he would make the
payoffs at a local bar, at area softball fields after watching Keating pitch a
game, at the clerk's apartment in Westmont and later, at his Cherry Hill home.

Assistant Attorney General Michael J. Bozza showed the jury several years' worth
of business records that he said corroborated Fernandez's account. The records
included canceled checks made out to cash, typically within days of the
election.

Fernandez said he kept track of the bribes in his firm's checkbook ledger by
instructing an employee to pencil in Keating's initials "very small, very light"
on the check stubs each time he paid the clerk.

After he was called to testify and bring his business records before a state
grand jury, Fernandez said, he was reluctant to cooperate with authorities and
erased many of those markings.

He missed a few. Bozza showed the jury a check stub for $1,500 that was clearly
marked with Keating's initials in tiny print. He held up others - totaling
thousands of dollars - that Fernandez had erased and filled in with his own
name, only to leave "MK" partially visible below.

Fernandez, who ran a small printing shop, said he and his partner, James Dawson,
willingly paid Keating because they were grateful for the work. In fact, the
first time Keating asked him to add a $1,000 bribe onto his bill, Fernandez said
he and Dawson agreed to double that and paid the clerk $2,000.

"He thanked me very much," said Fernandez. Dawson could not be reached for
comment.

Many details of Fernandez's account matched those given by the other printer,
Nicholas. But Fernandez' gentle demeanor was in marked contrast to Nicholas, a
confessed "crook" who testified that he conspired with Keating to bilk the
taxpayers by overbilling for election ballots, then sharing the
spoils. Nicholas said he didn't mind paying the bribes because the money was not
coming out of his pocket.

Fernandez, by contrast, said that although Keating had instructed him to inflate
his billings to include the bribes, he declined to do so and took it out his
profits instead.

In addition to the cash bribes, Fernandez said, Keating insisted that he buy
tickets to various Democratic Party fund-raising events.

"I knew if I bought tickets, I was going to get my job," said Fernandez. "You
play the game, you get the ball. I played the game. It was expected."

He said the campaign contributions were always made by check, never in cash.
That testimony undercuts a key defense stance. Keating has maintained that all
of the cash payments he accepted were campaign contributions - not bribes.

The jury has heard a tape made as Nicholas went to Keating's Cherry Hill home in
June of 1992 to deliver $5,000 that prosecutors say was a bribe. Keating's
lawyer, M.W. Pinsky, has told the jury the money was for a political
fund-raising event.

Pinsky has vowed to attack the credibility of Fernandez, who agreed to cooperate
with authorities after they promised not to prosecute him for the alleged
bribery scheme and for unspecified tax violations. He is expected to press
Fernandez for further details about his finances as testimony resumes today.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             272 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 8, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Former Highland Park Police Officer Sentenced to Prison for Taking a
$10,000 Bribe

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former Highland Park police officer was sentenced to prison today for taking a
$10,000 bribe and for conspiring with three other police officers to protect
shipments of cocaine, U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today.

McQuade was joined in the announcement by FBI Special Agent in Charge Paul M.
Abbate.

During a hearing today before U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn, Price Montgomery,
40, of Detroit, Michigan, was sentenced to 18 months in prison and two years of
supervised release based on his plea of guilty to conspiring to accept bribes
and to commit extortion. Montgomery, an officer with the Highland Park Police
Department for two years, accepted a $10,000 bribe from a man he had arrested on
gun charges in return for agreeing not to appear as a witness at the man's
November 2012 criminal trial. Montgomery accepted the bribe with his partner,
former police officer Anthony Bynum. Montgomery and Bynum failed to appear at
the trial, and the charges were dismissed. Later, Montgomery, Bynum, and two
other Highland Park police officers accepted cash from an FBI informant in
exchange for protecting a shipment that contained what the officers believed
were four kilograms of cocaine. The officers used their police guns and badges
to protect the shipment.

The sentencing of Montgomery completes the case against the four former Highland
Park police officers. Defendant Craig Clayton was sentenced to 12 months in
prison on June 27, 2013. Defendant Shawn Williams was sentenced to 15 months in
prison on October 8, 2013. Defendant Bynum was sentenced to 18 months in prison
on November 7, 2013.

United States Attorney McQuade said, "The court's sentence today sends a strong
message that public officials who use their positions of trust to personally
profit will be punished. Police officers who take bribes and use their badges to
make money will go to prison."

"Government officials who breach the public trust for their own selfish
purposes--regardless of who they are--will be pursued aggressively and brought
to justice," said Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit
Field Office. "Today's sentence sends another message that corrupt police
officers who accept bribes and use their positions for personal financial gain
will be punished."

The case was investigated by agents of the FBI. It is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys David A. Gardey.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             273 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 7, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Highland Park Police Officer Sentenced to Prison for Taking a
$10,000 Bribe

LENGTH: 425  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former Highland Park police officer was sentenced to prison today for taking a
$10,000 bribe and for conspiring with three other police officers to protect
shipments of cocaine, U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today.

McQuade was joined in the announcement by FBI Special Agent in Charge Paul M.
Abbate.

During a hearing today before U.S. District Judge Avern Cohn, Price Montgomery,
40, of Detroit, Michigan, was sentenced to 18 months in prison and two years of
supervised release based on his plea of guilty to conspiring to accept bribes
and to commit extortion. Montgomery, an officer with the Highland Park Police
Department for two years, accepted a $10,000 bribe from a man he had arrested on
gun charges in return for agreeing not to appear as a witness at the man's
November 2012 criminal trial. Montgomery accepted the bribe with his partner,
former police officer Anthony Bynum. Montgomery and Bynum failed to appear at
the trial, and the charges were dismissed. Later, Montgomery, Bynum, and two
other Highland Park police officers accepted cash from an FBI informant in
exchange for protecting a shipment that contained what the officers believed
were four kilograms of cocaine. The officers used their police guns and badges
to protect the shipment.

The sentencing of Montgomery completes the case against the four former Highland
Park police officers. Defendant Craig Clayton was sentenced to 12 months in
prison on June 27, 2013. Defendant Shawn Williams was sentenced to 15 months in
prison on October 8, 2013. Defendant Bynum was sentenced to 18 months in prison
on November 7, 2013.

United States Attorney McQuade said, "The court's sentence today sends a strong
message that public officials who use their positions of trust to personally
profit will be punished. Police officers who take bribes and use their badges to
make money will go to prison."

"Government officials who breach the public trust for their own selfish
purposes--regardless of who they are--will be pursued aggressively and brought
to justice," said Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit
Field Office. "Today's sentence sends another message that corrupt police
officers who accept bribes and use their positions for personal financial gain
will be punished."

The case was investigated by agents of the FBI. It is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys David A. Gardey.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             274 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   October 29, 1983, Saturday, Final Edition

North Carolina Official Is Absolved of Bribery

BYLINE: From news services and staff reports

SECTION: First Section; Around The Nation; A3

LENGTH: 145 words

DATELINE: RALEIGH


A jury took only two hours yesterday to acquit North Carolina Lt. Gov. Jimmy
Green on charges that he agreed to accept bribes of up to $10,000 a month and
received a $2,000 payoff from an FBI undercover agent.

Green, who had been expected to be a Democratic candidate for governor in 1984,
promised a statement on his political plans "in a short time."

Gov. James B. Hunt, a fellow Democrat, immediately issued a statement commending
Green for his "fine leadership throughout his career in public life."

Green, 62, was indicted June 20 on charges of twice consenting to receive a
bribe of $10,000 a month, consenting to receive a $2,000 bribe and receiving a
$2,000 bribe.

Green was the second person acquitted among 40 charged in the FBI's Columbus
County Corruption (Colcor) investigation of corruption in North Carolina, South
Carolina and Tennessee.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, North Carolina Lt. Gov. Jimmy Green links arms with his
attorneys as the verdict by a jury was read which pronounced him not guilty on
charges that he accepted bribes. AP

                       Copyright 1983 The Washington Post


                             275 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Odessa American (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 26, 2013 Thursday

Man pleads in bribery case

BYLINE: Odessa American, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 375 words


Sept. 26--A man accused of giving more than $20,000 in bribes to police officers
in the Permian Basin has pleaded guilty to one of the charges in his federal
case.

Huy Nguyen, who was arrested July 8 on two counts of bribery of official, was
accused of giving the bribes to Fort Stockton Police Chief Art Fuentes and
Odessa Police Department Sgt. Matt Davidson, who were both undercover in the
operation.

According to criminal complaints, Nguyen originally reached out to the officers
and offered them bribes to keep his gambling businesses in various local
communities immune from routine busts.

First, he gave Fuentes a $200 gift certificate to a local salon, and the bribes
increased as time went on, with up to $7,000 being paid in one visit.

Fuentes and Davidson both immediately turned over all bribes given them to the
FBI, according to the complaint.

Nguyen also asked Fuentes for help in finding law enforcement officers in
Midland, Odessa and Monahans who would be willing to accept cash to help keep
his gambling establishments safe, according to the complaint.

According to the federal statute, Nguyen could face a fine and/or up to 10 years
in prison.

In another federal case, Andrews man Harold Bruce Callaway pleaded guilty to
four counts of production of child pornography and two counts of production of
obscene visual depiction of sexual abuse of a child.

Callaway was arrested April 7 in Andrews County on a state charge of possession
or promotion of child pornography, and was charged federally on June 26.

A boy related to Callaway found a cell phone in the man's bedroom with
inappropriate pictures of a 6-year-old girl related to Callaway, according to a
federal complaint.

Callaway could face between 15 and 30 years for each of the first four counts
and between 5 and 20 years in the fifth and sixth counts. He could also receive
a fine up to $250,000.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Austin Berry is prosecuting the case and Ray Fivecoat is
the defense attorney.

Follow Odessa American on twitter @OdessaAmerican, like us on Facebook at Odessa
American or call 432-333-7714 for the main newsroom line.

___ (c)2013 the Odessa American (Odessa, Texas) Visit the Odessa American
(Odessa, Texas) at www.oaoa.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130926-OD-Man-pleads-in-bribery-case-0926-20130926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OD


                         Copyright 2013 Odessa American


                             276 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: GOP Congressman-Elect Grothman: Low-Income Programs A 'Bribe' To
'Not Work That Hard'

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: Washington


People For the American Way has issued the following news release:

In an interview this weekend with Milwaukee's WISN, Republican congressman-elect
Glenn Grothman of Wisconsin said that one of his priorities in the U.S. House
will be to cut aid to low-income families, which he called "a bribe not to work
that hard or a bribe not to marry someone with a full-time job" and "a strong
incentive not to raise children in wedlock."

"A single parent with a couple of kids can easily get $35,000 a year in total
benefits between the health care and the earned income credit and the food share
and the low-income housing and what have you," he said.

"When you look at that amount of money, which is in essence a bribe not to work
that hard or a bribe not to marry someone with a full-time job, people
immediately realize you have a problem."

Grothman told host Mike Gousha that he has hopes to "make a big change" on the
issue under a "better president" than Obama.

Before his run for Congress, Grothman gained national attention for introducing
a bill in the state legislature to list single parenthood as "a contributing
factor for child abuse and neglect."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             277 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: GOP Congressman-Elect Grothman: Low-Income Programs A 'Bribe' To
'Not Work That Hard'

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: Washington


People For the American Way has issued the following news release:

In an interview this weekend with Milwaukee's WISN, Republican congressman-elect
Glenn Grothman of Wisconsin said that one of his priorities in the U.S. House
will be to cut aid to low-income families, which he called "a bribe not to work
that hard or a bribe not to marry someone with a full-time job" and "a strong
incentive not to raise children in wedlock."

"A single parent with a couple of kids can easily get $35,000 a year in total
benefits between the health care and the earned income credit and the food share
and the low-income housing and what have you," he said.

"When you look at that amount of money, which is in essence a bribe not to work
that hard or a bribe not to marry someone with a full-time job, people
immediately realize you have a problem."

Grothman told host Mike Gousha that he has hopes to "make a big change" on the
issue under a "better president" than Obama.

Before his run for Congress, Grothman gained national attention for introducing
a bill in the state legislature to list single parenthood as "a contributing
factor for child abuse and neglect."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             278 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 29, 2015 Tuesday

Police: Man hoped to bribe Customs to smuggle Brazilians

BYLINE: Jonathan Austin, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 992 words


Dec. 29--ST. THOMAS -- Federal agents arrested a man on St. Thomas and said he
tried to bribe a U.S. Customs agent in an effort to smuggle five Brazilians
through King Airport to New York.

A second man, a U.S. citizen from Puerto Rico, was charged with assisting with
the effort.

U.S. Magistrate Judge Ruth Miller also has been asked to order the detainment of
one of the illegal aliens in the territory as a material witness.

According to a criminal complaint by Homeland Security special agent Michael
Rodrigues, Miguel Emilio Rodriguez Ramirez, who is from the Dominican Republic
but lives in Puerto Rico as a lawful permanent resident of the U.S., tried to
bribe U.S. Customs and Border Protection Officer Oscar Sanchez of Puerto Rico by
using the officer's brother-in-law as an intermediary.

After what federal agents said was months to set up the smuggling deal,
Rodriguez Ramirez was arrested at King Airport on Dec. 21.

Sanchez reported a possible bribe solicitation by Rodriguez Ramirez on April 29,
and in July, agents from the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Office of
Professional Responsibility interviewed the officer.

According to the criminal complaint, Rodriguez Ramirez had told Sanchez's
brother-in-law that he was "looking for a Customs and Border Patrol employee
from St. Thomas to facilitate the movement of illegal aliens with his
counterfeit documents through the St. Thomas airport."

Sanchez told the investigators that Rodriguez Ramirez has previously solicited
the brother-in-law "to be an internal carrier of drugs on flights from Santo
Domingo, Dominican Republic, to San Juan."

The officer told the investigators that "it was also common knowledge that
Rodriguez Ramirez sells counterfeit identification documents."

He told them that Rodriguez Ramirez "travels to St. Thomas to coordinate the
movement of illegal aliens from St. Thomas to San Juan," and that Sanchez "could
make money if he could facilitate this, since he was previously assigned in St.
Thomas."

Sanchez set up a meeting with Rodriguez Ramirez at a Taco Bell in San Juan in
October while being recorded and monitored by other federal agents.

At the meeting, Rodriguez Ramirez "offered to pay $1,500 for each alien that
Sanchez could let pass through the Customs and Border Patrol checkpoint at the
St. Thomas airport."

Told that the effort would require "another person at the airport to work with
him to get the aliens sent to him for processing," Rodriguez Ramirez agreed to
pay an additional $500 per person, and "said he had five aliens standing by in
St. Thomas to be smuggled."

At another Taco Bell rendezvous in November, Rodriguez Ramirez agreed to pay a
total $2,500 for each alien passed through St. Thomas, and said "he had five to
six aliens going to New York City," according to the complaint.

Delays ensued, but according to the complaint, Rodriguez Ramirez met with
Sanchez and an undercover special agent on Dec. 17 in the Taco Bell, where
Rodriguez Ramirez gave the other agent $1,000 cash as a prepayment for the
movement of two aliens through the checkpoint on Dec. 21.

The three met again at the Scoop & Brew restaurant in the Crown Bay Marina on
Dec. 20, where Rodriguez Ramirez handed over another $1,000 to the agents, the
complaint says.

Rodriguez Ramirez was arrested Dec. 21 "after paying the sum of $10,080 in cash
for the smuggling of five illegal aliens" through the customs checkpoint at King
Airport.

The five aliens turned out to be "Brazilians with no status in the United
States," according to the complaint. They were identified as Sergio Ramos
Pinheiro Santos; Edem Martins De Paula; Jaime da Cruz; Carlos Paulo Bueno; and
Jonas Jovencia Dias.

At King Airport, agents also arrested Angel de Jesus Marrero and said he tried
to move the aliens illegally into the country.

The complaint against Marrero says that after his arrest he told agents that he
had worked at the Puerto Rico airport where "he had assisted Rodriguez Ramirez
in checking in other illegal aliens at the ticket kiosk."

The federal agent, Rodrigues, argued in a motion for detention that Marrero
should be held in custody because he posed a serious risk of flight and a danger
to the community.

"This matter involves the bribery of a U.S. Customs and Border Protection
officer and the smuggling of aliens," Rodrigues said. "The weight of the
evidence is clear that the defendant was involved in facilitating the movement
of illegal immigrants to the continental United States from the Virgin Islands."

On Dec. 22, Rodrigues appeared before Miller with a criminal complaint asking
that Santos -- one of the five illegal aliens -- be held in custody as a
material witness.

"Santos freely and willingly identified Rodriguez Ramirez as the person he paid
for passage through the airport in order to board a flight from St. Thomas to
New York," according to the complaint. "Santos was able to provide explicit
details pertaining to the arrangements he made to gain passage through the Cyril
E. King Airport in St. Thomas," the complaint reads.

Rodrigues said that Rodriguez Ramirez was "the person who provided the illegal
aliens with matching T-shirts as a code for passage through the airport" and
that "Rodriguez Ramirez was responsible for purchasing his ticket for travel to
New York."

Rodrigues told Miller that Santos "is material to the prosecution of Rodriguez
Ramirez" and must be held "because of the potential for his deportation from the
United States," which could make it impracticable to secure his presence by
subpoena."

A detention hearing for Santos has been scheduled for Dec. 29 before Miller in
federal court in St. Thomas.

The Daily News could not confirm the outcome of Marrero's detention hearing.

- Contact Jonathan Austin at 714-9104 or email jaustin@dailynews.vi

___ (c)2015 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151229-1VI-Police-Man-hoped-to-bribe
-Customs-to-smuggle-Brazilians-1229-20151229

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2015 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                             279 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                      IBNS

                     February 27, 2014 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

US: Doctor admits taking bribes

BYLINE: India Blooms News Service

LENGTH: 250  words


Newark, Feb 27 (IBNS) An internist with a practice in Montclair, New Jersey,
admitted on Wednesday accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of
a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS),
of Parsippany, New Jersey; its president; and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Charles Goldberg, 60, of West Orange, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including Goldberg, 23 people-12 of them physicians-have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in these and related cases and statements made in
court:

Goldberg admitted accepting bribes of $1,800 per month through a sham lease
agreement with BLS, which identified the waiting room, bathroom, and one
examination room in Goldberg's office as being leased.

The bribery count to which Goldberg pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. He will be sentenced on a
date to be determined. As part of his guilty plea, Goldberg agreed to forfeit
$58,000, representing the bribes he received from BLS.

The BLS investigation has recovered more than $7 million to date through
forfeiture.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


            Copyright 2014 India Blooms., distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             280 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Ex-FIFA executive detailed bribes in 2013 secret guilty plea

LENGTH: 449  words


A former executive committee member of soccer's global governing body FIFA told
a US judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in
connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments.

NEW YORK - A former executive committee member of soccer's global governing body
FIFA told a US judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in
connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments.

Chuck Blazer, a US citizen, secretly pleaded guilty to 10 criminal counts in New
York as part of an agreement with US prosecutors, according to a partially
blacked out transcript of the hearing released on Wednesday.

According to US officials, Blazer's cooperation helped build a sprawling
corruption case that has led to charges against top FIFA figures and prompted
the resignation on Tuesday of longtime president Sepp Blatter.

Blazer served as an executive committee member of FIFA from 1997 to 2013 and was
the general secretary of CONCACAF, soccer's governing body in North and Central
America and the Caribbean, from 1990 to 2011.

"Among other things, I agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation
for the 1998 World Cup," Blazer told US District Judge Raymond Dearie during a
closed-door proceeding in Brooklyn federal court on the morning of Nov. 25,
2013, according to the transcript.

Though France won the bidding to host the tournament, separate court documents
claim Morocco paid the bribe in connection with the 1998 World Cup.

Blazer added that from 2004 to 2011, "I and others on the FIFA executive
committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of South
Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup."

US authorities have said South Africa paid a $10 million bribe while bidding to
be the 2010 World Cup host. The country has confirmed the payment but said it
was a donation to support soccer development in the Caribbean, not a bribe.

Blazer also admitted to taking kickbacks related to five different editions of
CONCACAF's premier event, the Gold Cup, between 1996 and 2003.

"I knew my actions were wrong at the time," he said.

A lawyer for Blazer declined to comment.

Many of the details were revealed in documents released by US authorities last
week, when they announced indictments for 14 people, including nine FIFA
officials.

Blazer, 70, is one of four defendants in the case who pleaded guilty in secret
and agreed to assist US investigators.

During his plea, he said he suffered from health problems. Friends of Blazer say
he is currently hospitalized and unable to speak due to a breathing tube.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             281 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Ex-FIFA executive detailed bribes in 2013 secret guilty plea

LENGTH: 449  words


A former executive committee member of soccer's global governing body FIFA told
a US judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in
connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments.

NEW YORK - A former executive committee member of soccer's global governing body
FIFA told a US judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in
connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments.

Chuck Blazer, a US citizen, secretly pleaded guilty to 10 criminal counts in New
York as part of an agreement with US prosecutors, according to a partially
blacked out transcript of the hearing released on Wednesday.

According to US officials, Blazer's cooperation helped build a sprawling
corruption case that has led to charges against top FIFA figures and prompted
the resignation on Tuesday of longtime president Sepp Blatter.

Blazer served as an executive committee member of FIFA from 1997 to 2013 and was
the general secretary of CONCACAF, soccer's governing body in North and Central
America and the Caribbean, from 1990 to 2011.

"Among other things, I agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation
for the 1998 World Cup," Blazer told US District Judge Raymond Dearie during a
closed-door proceeding in Brooklyn federal court on the morning of Nov. 25,
2013, according to the transcript.

Though France won the bidding to host the tournament, separate court documents
claim Morocco paid the bribe in connection with the 1998 World Cup.

Blazer added that from 2004 to 2011, "I and others on the FIFA executive
committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of South
Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup."

US authorities have said South Africa paid a $10 million bribe while bidding to
be the 2010 World Cup host. The country has confirmed the payment but said it
was a donation to support soccer development in the Caribbean, not a bribe.

Blazer also admitted to taking kickbacks related to five different editions of
CONCACAF's premier event, the Gold Cup, between 1996 and 2003.

"I knew my actions were wrong at the time," he said.

A lawyer for Blazer declined to comment.

Many of the details were revealed in documents released by US authorities last
week, when they announced indictments for 14 people, including nine FIFA
officials.

Blazer, 70, is one of four defendants in the case who pleaded guilty in secret
and agreed to assist US investigators.

During his plea, he said he suffered from health problems. Friends of Blazer say
he is currently hospitalized and unable to speak due to a breathing tube.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             282 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  China Daily

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Ex-FIFA executive detailed bribes in 2013 secret guilty plea

LENGTH: 449  words


A former executive committee member of soccer's global governing body FIFA told
a US judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in
connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments.

NEW YORK - A former executive committee member of soccer's global governing body
FIFA told a US judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in
connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments.

Chuck Blazer, a US citizen, secretly pleaded guilty to 10 criminal counts in New
York as part of an agreement with US prosecutors, according to a partially
blacked out transcript of the hearing released on Wednesday.

According to US officials, Blazer's cooperation helped build a sprawling
corruption case that has led to charges against top FIFA figures and prompted
the resignation on Tuesday of longtime president Sepp Blatter.

Blazer served as an executive committee member of FIFA from 1997 to 2013 and was
the general secretary of CONCACAF, soccer's governing body in North and Central
America and the Caribbean, from 1990 to 2011.

"Among other things, I agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation
for the 1998 World Cup," Blazer told US District Judge Raymond Dearie during a
closed-door proceeding in Brooklyn federal court on the morning of Nov. 25,
2013, according to the transcript.

Though France won the bidding to host the tournament, separate court documents
claim Morocco paid the bribe in connection with the 1998 World Cup.

Blazer added that from 2004 to 2011, "I and others on the FIFA executive
committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of South
Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup."

US authorities have said South Africa paid a $10 million bribe while bidding to
be the 2010 World Cup host. The country has confirmed the payment but said it
was a donation to support soccer development in the Caribbean, not a bribe.

Blazer also admitted to taking kickbacks related to five different editions of
CONCACAF's premier event, the Gold Cup, between 1996 and 2003.

"I knew my actions were wrong at the time," he said.

A lawyer for Blazer declined to comment.

Many of the details were revealed in documents released by US authorities last
week, when they announced indictments for 14 people, including nine FIFA
officials.

Blazer, 70, is one of four defendants in the case who pleaded guilty in secret
and agreed to assist US investigators.

During his plea, he said he suffered from health problems. Friends of Blazer say
he is currently hospitalized and unable to speak due to a breathing tube.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1493


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             283 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BRIBERY CONVICTION NETS 5-YEAR TERM

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATIONAL BRIEFS; Pg. A-6

LENGTH: 552 words


AKRON, Ohio -- The former chief financial officer of the Ohio workers'
compensation agency was sentenced yesterday to more than five years in federal
prison for accepting bribes in an investment scandal widely blamed for state
Republican losses in last year's election.

Terrence Gasper, 60, pleaded guilty last June to accepting the bribes to dole
out millions of dollars in agency investment business. The state lost $13
million in investments in rare coins and collectibles handled by coin dealer Tom
Noe.

Mr. Gasper said he received $25,000 from Mr. Noe as a bribe in return for state
business.

Later yesterday in Columbus, Mr. Gasper was sentenced on similar state charges
to five years in prison, which he will serve at the same time as the federal
sentence.

Wildfire Near L.A. Park

LOS ANGELES -- Firefighters made progress yesterday against a wildfire blazing
over Dante's View in the brush-covered hills behind the city's iconic Griffith
Observatory. Animals at the nearby Los Angeles Zoo were moved indoors, and
dozens of homes were evacuated.

The 800-acre blaze in sprawling Griffith Park was just one firefighters were
battling across the nation. A wildfire in northern Minnesota had already
destroyed 40 homes and buildings, and brush fires in Georgia and northern
Florida have charred more than 200 square miles.

Early Atlantic storm

MIAMI -- The first named storm of the year formed yesterday off the southeastern
U.S. coast, more than three weeks before the official start of the Atlantic
hurricane season, forecasters said.

Subtropical Storm Andrea had top sustained winds around 45 mph yesterday
afternoon and didn't appear to be much of a threat, the National Hurricane
Center in Miami said. Still, a tropical storm watch was issued for parts of
Georgia and Florida, meaning tropical storm conditions are possible within 36
hours.

Ex-Teacher's Sodomy Case

TOMPKINSVILLE, Ky. -- A former teacher charged with having sex with a
14-year-old middle school student and running off to Mexico with him pleaded
guilty yesterday to a sodomy charge.

Police said Angela Renee Comer, 28, had a sexual affair with the boy, who is now
16, and took him without his guardian's permission. Authorities found Ms. Comer,
her young son and the teen in Nuevo Laredo, Mexico, on Jan. 10, 2006.

HBO Chief Steps Down

LOS ANGELES -- Chris Albrecht was forced to resign as head of Home Box Office
yesterday in the wake of his arrest Sunday for battery of his girlfriend and
subsequent revelations that he had physically attacked a female subordinate.

The Los Angeles Times, citing four people familiar with the matter, reported
yesterday that in 1991 the cable network had paid a settlement of at least
$400,000 to a female subordinate who alleged that Mr. Albrecht had shoved and
choked her at the cable channel's Los Angeles office. HBO is a unit of Time
Warner Inc.

Student-Loan Overhaul

WASHINGTON -- The House yesterday approved legislation intended to make the
federal student-loans system more transparent and prevent conflicts of interest
between lenders and universities.

The compromise measure, approved today by a 414-3 vote, bans revenue sharing
between lenders and universities, and imposes disclosure requirements when
companies offer student loans that aren't federally backed. The Senate is
considering similar legislation.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             284 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Turkish Government News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Diplomat pleads guilty in UN bribery scheme

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Ankara: The Turkish Government has issued the folloawing press release:





  <h3>
   Francis Lorenzo, former deputy UN ambassador from the Dominican Republic,
exits the Manhattan US District Courthouse in New York on March 16, 2016</h3>




    A US citizen who served as a UN diplomat from the Dominican Republic pleaded
guilty on Wednesday to charges of being part of a bribery scheme in a move to
cooperate with US government against co-defendants who include a former UN
General Assembly president and a Chinese billionaire.



    Forty-eight-year-old Francis Lorenzo, who was suspended as a deputy
ambassador from the Dominican Republic, entered the plea in Manhattan federal
court.

    Lorenzo admitted he facilitated bribe payments from Ng Lap Seng, a
billionaire real estate developer in Macau, to John Ashe, a former UN ambassador
from Antigua and Barbuda and who served as General Assembly president from 2013
to 2014.

    Those bribes, Lorenzo admitted, were paid to Ashe to seek UN support of a
UN-sponsored conference center in Macau. Lorenzo, who prosecutors said received
bribes himself from Ng, said payments were also made to other unnamed foreign
officials.

    "I understand what I was doing, as I described it, was wrong," he said in
court.

    Lorenzo is the third defendant to plead guilty to charges arising out of a
case US prosecutors announced in October involving a scheme starting in 2011 to
pay more than $1.3 million in bribes to Ashe.

    Prosecutors said the bribes included more than $500,000 in payments that Ng
made through intermediaries including Lorenzo and Jeff Yin, Ng's assistant.

    Ashe also received more than $800,000 from Chinese businessmen to support
their interests within the United Nations and Antigua, prosecutors said.

    Those bribes were arranged through Sheri Yan, who was the Global
Sustainability Foundation's chief executive, and Heidi Hong Piao, the
foundation's finance director, prosecutors said. Both women pleaded guilty in
January.

    Ashe, Ng and Yin have pleaded not guilty. Benjamin Brafman, Ng's lawyer,
said outside of court that Lorenzo's plea would not affect the billionaire's
determination to go to trial, saying he "maintains he is personally innocent."

    Stephane Dujarric, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's spokesman, told
reporters on Wednesday that audits the United Nations launched as a result of
the bribery case were expected to be completed by the end of the month.

    Dujarric also said the case revealed "some structural flaws" in how the
office of the General Assembly president had been organised.

    A task force established by Ban looking at the issue will within 10 days
publish recommendations on how to "strengthen" and improve transparency of the
office to avoid a repeat of the scandal, Dujarric said.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             285 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                              April 8, 2011 Friday

Federal officials: Two LA building inspectors -- including Altadena man --
allegedly took bribes in exchange for construction work OK

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 241 words


LOS ANGELES -- A 59-year-old Altadena man and 49-year-old Eagle Rock man, both
of them building inspectors for the city of Los Angeles, were arrested Friday
for allegedly taking bribes.

Raoul Joseph Germain, 59, of Altadena, and Hugo Joel Gonzalez, 49, of Eagle
Rock, were charged with federal bribery charges for allegedly taking thousands
of dollars in bribes in exchange for approving work done at residential
construction sites in South Los Angeles.

Federal officials said the two never inspected the work and, in some cases, had
never been to the job sites.

The arrests culminated an investigation that began this past summer, when FBI
agents got information from a work-site foreman that two Los Angeles Department
of Building and Safety inspectors took cash bribes in exchange for necessary
permit approvals on residential construction projects, the U.S. Attorney's
Office said in a news release.

FBI agents began an undercover investigation that ended with Germain's arrest
after he allegedly accepted $6,000 in bribes from the undercover agent. Gonzalez
is alleged to have accepted a $9,000 bribe in the sting operation, according to
the news release.

A criminal complaint against both men was filed in federal court on Thursday.
The two were expected to make an initial appearance Friday afternoon in United
States District Court.

The charge of bribery carries a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in
federal prison, federal officials said.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             286 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Jury Convicts Former Detroit City Treasurer, Pension Officials of
Conspiring to Defraud Pensioners Through Bribery

LENGTH: 1113  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former Treasurer of the City of Detroit and two former pension officials
were convicted by a federal jury of conspiring to defraud retirees through
bribery and kickbacks, U.S. Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today.

Joining McQuade in the announcement was Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge
of the Federal Bureau of Investigation in Detroit, Jarod Koopman, Special Agent
in Charge of the Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigations, and James
Vanderberg, Special Agent in Charge, Department of Labor, Office of Labor
Racketeering and Fraud Investigations, Chicago Regional Office.

Jeffrey Beasley, 45, of Chicago, Illinois, the former Treasurer of the City of
Detroit, Ronald Zajac, 70, of Northville, Michigan, the former General Counsel
of Detroit's two pension systems for more than 30 years, and Paul Stewart, 57 of
Detroit, a trustee of Detroit's Police and Fire Retirement System, were
convicted following a two-month jury trial before U.S. District Judge Nancy G.
Edmunds. All three defendants were convicted of conspiring to defraud the city's
pensioners of the honest services to which they were entitled by accepting
bribes. In addition, Beasley was convicted of two counts of extortion and one
count of bribery. Beasley was acquitted on three other counts of extortion.

The evidence at trial showed that Detroit's two retirement systems lost more $97
million on pension deals corrupted by bribes and kickbacks taken or paid by the
defendants. Beasley, Zajac, and Stewart conspired with each other and with
former Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and others to take bribes and kickbacks in
return for votes on investment decisions made by the boards of trustees of
Detroit's two pension systems.

Beasley forced investment sponsors and consultants to pay Bernard Kilpatrick
hundreds of thousands of dollars in exchange for his support of their proposed
pension investments. Beasley also accepted tens of thousands of dollars in cash
from investment sponsors and consultants in exchange for his support of their
pension deals.

As part of the conspiracy, Zajac organized so-called "birthday parties" for
Beasley, Stewart, and another trustees. At the parties, people having business
before the pension systems gave each trustee thousands of dollars in cash. Zajac
also directed investment sponsors and pension consultants to give thousands of
dollars in cash and entertainment to Beasley and Stewart. Zajac also demanded
that an investment sponsor pay for a trip to London for Zajac and a pension
trustee in exchange for a $10 million investment in Detroit pension money.

During the conspiracy, Stewart accepted more than $48,000 in cash, trips, meals,
drinks and other things of value in return for his support on pension deals
proposed by the givers of the bribes. Among other things, Stewart accepted a
Christmas basket stuffed with cash, a $5,000 Greektown casino chip, and a $4,000
trip to the Ritz-Carlton in Naples, Florida.

McQuade said, "These defendants breached their duties to retirees by basing
their investment decisions on bribes. Their greed cost retirees almost $100
million in losses to pension funds. In light of all of the sacrifices made by
Detroit retirees, we are gratified that the jury has brought these corrupt
pension officials to justice." "The perpetrators in this case criminally
conspired with one another to sell their influence over the city's pension
systems," stated Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit
Field Office. "Their breach of the public's faith and their fiduciary
responsibilities to Detroit retirees resulted in nearly $100 million in losses.
The FBI, along with its law enforcement partners, will continue to aggressively
pursue and bring to justice those who abuse the public's trust and enrich
themselves at the cost of our communities."

Based on the jury's guilty verdicts for conspiring to engage in honest services
mail and wire fraud, Beasley, Zajac, and Stewart each face a maximum of twenty
years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. In addition, Beasley also faces an
additional twenty years in prison and a fine of $250,000 for each of his two
convictions for extortion, and an additional ten years in prison and a fine of
$250,000 for his bribery conviction. Their sentences will be based on sentencing
guidelines and other statutory factors

In addition, a number of other defendants have been convicted in relation to the
pension fund investigation, including:

Roy Dixon, an investment sponsor convicted of conspiring with Beasley, Zajac,
and Stewart to pay bribes;
 Monica Conyers, a former Trustee of the General Retirement System and former
member of the Detroit City Council, for conspiracy to take bribes, including
bribes relating to a proposed multi-million dollar pension fund investment in
Wireless Resources and a $10,000 extortion payment relating to the Police and
Fire Retirement System's investment in the Romulus Deep Injection Waste Well;
 Samuel L. Riddle, Conyers' Chief of Staff, for conspiracy to commit bribery and
extortion relating to the Wireless Resources and Romulus Deep Injection Well
investments;
 DeDan Milton, a former Trustee of Detroit's two pension funds;
 Andrew Park, an owner of Asian Village, who paid a bribe to obtain a $2.75
million loan from Detroit's General Retirement System;
 Derrick Miller, former Chief Information Officer of Detroit, who accepted the
bribe from Park and who took a kickback of more than $500,000 on a $44 million
investment by Detroit's two pension funds;
 Chauncey Mayfield, for conspiracy to commit bribery with Treasurer Beasley by
supplying Beasley and Kwame Kilpatrick with tens of thousands of dollars in
hotel, entertainment, and private jet flights, as well as a job for Beasley's
paramour and significant contributions to the Kilpatrick Civic Fund, all in
return for maintaining Mayfield's position as an investment advisor controlling
more than $200 million in pension fund money; andGeorge Stanton, the former
Chief of Staff of a pension trustee, who accepted a $15,000 cash bribe from
Dixon relating to a proposed investment in the Turks and Caicos Islands.

The case was investigated by agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the
Internal Revenue Service, and the Department of Labor, Office of Inspector
General, Office of Labor Racketeering and Fraud Investigations. It is being
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Robert Cares, David A. Gardey,
and Stephanie Dawkins Davis.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             287 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             March 28, 2014 Friday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Dirty Deeds Done Democratic

SECTION: ISSUES & INSIGHTS; IBD EDITORIALS; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 530 words


Public Graft: Democrats love to lecture CEOs and the "one percent" about
"greed," but recent busts of Democrat pols show they're the ones on the take.
Perhaps the party should clean up its own act.

On Wednesday, the FBI raided the offices of three Democrat politicians
coast-to-coast on corruption charges.

They include Charlotte Mayor Patrick Cannon, a Friend of Barack, who allegedly
took more than $48,000 in bribes -- including $20,000 in cash from an undercover
agent, who delivered the bribe, "American Hustle"-style, inside a briefcase in
the mayor's office.

During another payoff, Cannon, who helped bring the 2012 Democratic National
Convention to Charlotte, "placed the money near his ear and fanned the bills,"
the federal complaint says.

It doesn't get much sleazier.

The next day, when New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin (another Democrat) was indicted
on bribery and money-laundering charges, Cannon called the undercover agent and
tried to characterize the bribe as a business investment. Then, a la Jesse
Jackson Jr., he arranged part of a future bribe as "spending money" for his wife
on a trip to Vegas.

Most disturbing, Cannon traded on his connections to the White House. According
to the complaint, Cannon told an agent posing as a real estate developer: "So,
you know, Friday I'm meeting with the president . . . I'm taking the missus with
me. We're gonna do a holiday party with the president and his wife."

While the FBI was bribing Cannon, President Obama tapped his best pal on the
Charlotte city council, Anthony Foxx, as his transportation chief. The FBI says
Cannon was not the only target of its investigation, which involves other
officials and is still active.

At almost the same time Cannon was hauled in, a powerful California Democrat,
state Sen. Leland Yee, was arrested on charges of theft, bribery and extortion.

Yee, who's tied to Chinese gangster Raymond "Shrimp Boy" Chow and convicted
Hillary Clinton bundler Norman Hsu, sought the job of state secretary, the
office that runs California's elections.

An outspoken advocate of gun control, Yee conspired to traffic in high-powered
weapons in exchange for campaign cash, the FBI affidavit says, taking Democrat
hypocrisy to new heights.

Yee's bust follows last month's conviction of Democrat colleague Sen. Rod Wright
on voter fraud and perjury charges, and June's arrest of another Democratic
powerhouse from California -- state Sen. Ron Calderon. He was caught in a
similar FBI sting taking $100,000 in bribes, lavish trips and no-show jobs for
his kids in exchange for legislative favors.

Also on Wednesday, FBI agents raided the Albany, N.Y., offices of Queens
Democratic Assemblyman Bill Scarborough. Just five days earlier, the FBI raided
the offices of Rhode Island House Speaker Gordon Fox, also a Democrat.

It's plain Democrats have a serious ethics and image problem, but you'd never
know it from media coverage. The mono-partisan media are doing their best to
divorce the perps from their party.

These supposed watchdogs on public graft can't bear to report that Democrats who
have long championed government as a force for good are doing a lot of rotten
things that make government look worse than ever.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2014 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             288 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   November 20, 1986, Thursday, Final Edition

N.Y. Corruption Trial Nears End;
Proceedings Spotlighted Mixture of Politics and Business

BYLINE: Margot Hornblower, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A3

LENGTH: 881 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, Conn., Nov. 19, 1986


A tale of "plunder," "a cesspool of corruption," a story of "the buying and
selling of public office."

That is how U.S. Attorney Rudolph W. Giuliani this week described the
racketeering and bribery cases against three former New York City officials and
a businessman.

In closing arguments today, defense attorneys conceded the corruption of the
city's Parking Violations Bureau but said the government's witnesses, not their
clients, were responsible.

For eight weeks in a federal courthouse here, the major trial stemming from New
York City's yearlong corruption scandal has unfolded, revealing an unsavory
portrait of how business and politics intersect in the nation's largest city.

The case, expected to go to the jury this week, has reached far beyond specific
allegations of bribery over contracts issued by the parking bureau. Stanley
Friedman, chairman of the Bronx Democratic Party and one of the city's most
powerful political leaders, took the stand in his defense and graphically
described how he wielded influence with the city government.

When Giuliani noted on cross-examination that, with just two phone calls to city
officials on behalf of a developer, former deputy mayor Friedman had earned $
10,000, Friedman corrected him. "One phone call," he said.

But Friedman's attorney, Thomas Puccio, denied today that Friedman was "a bribe
broker," as Giuliani described him, passing payments to city officials from
clients who dealt with the parking bureau.

Friedman, he said, "is brash, he's outspoken, tough-minded, savvy . . . . " But,
he said, "the charge is not whether Stanley Friedman had any influence . . . .
He is not on trial for being involved in the politics of the Bronx" or for
exercising influence in awarding cable-television contracts or for lobbying for
the taxi industry, two areas about which Friedman has testified.

"The system is not on trial," Puccio said.

The corruption scandal surfaced in January when Queens borough president and
Democratic leader Donald Manes slashed his wrists after learning that the
Federal Bureau of Investigation was probing bribes at the parking bureau.

Geoffrey Lindenauer, deputy director of the parking bureau, testified that
Manes, who controlled the bureau through patronage, received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in bribes through him.

After Lindenauer decided to plead guilty and become the government's chief
witness last March, Manes killed himself by plunging a knife into his heart.

The trial, moved here because of extensive publicity in New York City, turns on
the credibility of Lindenauer, who admitted taking $ 250,000 in bribes, and
Joseph A. Delario, head of Datacom Systems Corp., the city's largest parking
ticket collection agency, who was offered complete immunity.

Delario testified that Friedman asked him for a $ 35,000 bribe to be passed to
Lindenauer and Manes and that he paid the bribe through a company owned by
defendant Marvin Kaplan. Kaplan has pleaded not guilty to corruption charges.

The bribery began in 1979 when defendant Michael Lazar, a well-known real estate
developer and the city's former transportation commissioner, met with Lindenauer
in Lazar's home, pulled $ 500 from his bathrobe pocket and handed it to
Lindenauer on behalf of Datacom, Giuliani said Tuesday.

From there, the bribery scheme, masterminded by Manes, mushroomed into a
multimillion-dollar operation involving executives from more than half a dozen
companies, according to the government.

Friedman, Lazar, Kaplan and parking Director Lester Shafran, who also has
pleaded not guilty, "used the parking violations bureau as their private gold
mine," Giuliani said in a five-hour summation. He described intricate
relationships involving hidden stock interests, phony agreements, bribes passed
in men's rooms and cash hidden in paper bags.

Giuliani described "a conspiracy of silence" in which a cautious Friedman would
refrain from discussing bribes but would write an amount on a small piece of
paper, hold it up to a coconspirator, then burn it in his ashtray.

"I think Humphrey Bogart did that once," Puccio said with a scoff. "Do you
think," he asked jurors incredulously, that Friedman, in a glass office with a
secretary nearby, "turned into New York's leading pyromaniac?"

In relying on Lindenauer, the government made "a deal with the Devil," Puccio
said. Lindenauer, he noted, testified to a long history of lying and
manipulating friends and associates, to purchasing a phony doctoral degree and
using it to establish a psychotherapy practice in which he had sex with four of
his patients.

"You wouldn't believe Geoffrey Lindenauer if he told you what day it was," he
told the jury. Lindenauer also was deceived by Manes, he said, when Manes told
him that Friedman was holding stock for him and Manes in a company that won a $
22 million computer contract with the parking bureau.

The trial has provided continuing drama in the clash of two well-known
attorneys. Puccio is the former Abscam prosecutor who gained notoriety as a
defense attorney when he won acquittal for Claus von Bulow, accused of
attempting to kill his heiress wife.

Giuliani, New York City's high-profile prosecutor, is trying a case personally
for the first time since becoming U.S. attorney.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1986 The Washington Post


                             289 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             March 22, 2011 Tuesday

Kallas sent to prison

BYLINE: Will Bigham, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 384 words


LOS ANGELES - A U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement attorney from Rancho
Cucamonga was sentenced to nearly 18 years in prison Monday for taking hundreds
of thousands of dollars in bribes from immigrants.

Constantine Peter Kallas, 40, an assistant chief counsel at the agency, accepted
bribes in exchange for taking steps to keep illegal immigrants from being
deported, according to a news release from the U.S. Department of Justice.

"Mr. Kallas has received one of the longest sentences ever seen in a public
corruption case," said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte Jr.

"Mr. Kallas took in hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes - money he
obtained by exploiting his knowledge of the immigration system," Birotte
continued. "The lengthy sentence reflects the seriousness of the crimes, which
were a wholesale violation of the public trust."

In the course of his scheme, Kallas stole numerous immigration files and in one
instance asked a judge to dismiss removal proceedings against an illegal
immigrant without authorization, according to the news release.

Kallas was arrested in June 2008 after taking a $20,000 bribe from an immigrant
at San Manuel Indian Bingo and Casino near San Bernardino.

The transaction was captured by casino security cameras.

In the five years before his arrest, Kallas took at least $425,000 in bribes
from immigrants, according to the news release.

When Kallas' home was searched, investigators discovered a floor safe that
contained two dozen immigration files and more than $177,000 in cash.

A federal jury convicted Kallas in April on 36 felony counts, including
conspiracy, bribery, fraud, tax evasion and numerous other crimes.

In addition to being sentenced to prison, Kallas was ordered by U.S. District
Judge Terry J. Hatter Jr. to pay nearly $300,000 in restitution.

One of Kallas' methods of shielding immigrants from deportation was to submit
false labor applications that listed the immigrants as employees in fictitious
companies created by Kallas.

Kallas also profited through workers compensation fraud and tax evasion.

He claimed "total disability" and listed his income as zero, according to the
news release.

Bank records show that besides Kallas' salary, about $950,000 was deposited in
Kallas' and his wife's bank accounts since 2000, according to the news release.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             290 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Employee of U.S. Contractor in Afghanistan Indicted for
Bribery

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former employee of a U.S. contractor was indicted today in the Eastern
District of Texas for allegedly soliciting and accepting bribes in exchange for
his influence in awarding U.S. government-funded contracts in Afghanistan,
announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney John Malcolm Bales of the
Eastern District of Texas.

George E. Green, 57, of Carrollton, Texas, was charged with conspiracy to
structure financial transactions to avoid currency transaction reporting
requirements, wire fraud and receipt of bribes in connection with a program
receiving federal funds.

According to the indictment, Green was the former director of contracts,
procurement and grants for International Relief and Development Inc. (IRD), and
was part of a cooperative agreement between IRD and the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID) that sought to promote long-term agricultural
development in specific areas in Afghanistan.

The indictment alleges that while working for IRD in Afghanistan, Green
solicited and received bribes totaling $66,000 from a representative of an
Afghan firm that contracted with IRD. Some of those bribe payments were
allegedly wired directly to an Italian automobile dealer for Green's benefit.
After returning to Texas, Green allegedly attempted to conceal the bribe
proceeds by engaging in a conspiracy to structure cash deposits into his bank
and credit card accounts to avoid mandatory cash reporting requirements.
Additionally, even after leaving IRD, Green allegedly continued to solicit
bribes from the Afghan firm by falsely claiming that he still had the ability to
influence the contracting process.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the Office of Special Inspector General for
Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), FBI and USAID Office of Inspector General.
The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Mark H. Dubester on detail to the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section from SIGAR and Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin
McClendon of the Eastern District of Texas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             291 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Former Employee of U.S. Contractor in Afghanistan Indicted for
Bribery

LENGTH: 404  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former employee of a U.S. contractor was indicted today in the Eastern
District of Texas for allegedly soliciting and accepting bribes in exchange for
his influence in awarding U.S. government-funded contracts in Afghanistan,
announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney John Malcolm Bales of the
Eastern District of Texas.

George E. Green, 57, of Carrollton, Texas, was charged with conspiracy to
structure financial transactions to avoid currency transaction reporting
requirements, wire fraud and receipt of bribes in connection with a program
receiving federal funds.

According to the indictment, Green was the former director of contracts,
procurement and grants for International Relief and Development Inc. (IRD), and
was part of a cooperative agreement between IRD and the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID) that sought to promote long-term agricultural
development in specific areas in Afghanistan.

The indictment alleges that while working for IRD in Afghanistan, Green
solicited and received bribes totaling $66,000 from a representative of an
Afghan firm that contracted with IRD. Some of those bribe payments were
allegedly wired directly to an Italian automobile dealer for Green's benefit.
After returning to Texas, Green allegedly attempted to conceal the bribe
proceeds by engaging in a conspiracy to structure cash deposits into his bank
and credit card accounts to avoid mandatory cash reporting requirements.
Additionally, even after leaving IRD, Green allegedly continued to solicit
bribes from the Afghan firm by falsely claiming that he still had the ability to
influence the contracting process.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the Office of Special Inspector General for
Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), FBI and USAID Office of Inspector General.
The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Mark H. Dubester on detail to the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section from SIGAR and Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin
McClendon of the Eastern District of Texas.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             292 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

Washington: New Jersey Doctor Sentenced to More Than Three Years in Prison for
Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals Scheme Involving New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with an office in North Arlington, New Jersey, was sentenced today to
37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part
of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC
(BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president, and numerous associates, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Angelo Calabrese, 57, of Pine Brook, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.

Including Calabrese, 37 people--25 of them physicians--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

Calabrese admitted accepting more than $130,000 in bribes to refer at least
$600,000 in lab business to BLS. From 2010 through 2013, Calabrese received over
$4,500 per month from BLS through sham consulting and rental agreements.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Calabrese to serve one
year of supervised release and ordered him to pay a fine of $5,000. As part of
his guilty plea, Calabrese must forfeit $334,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             293 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             June 27, 2013 Thursday

Bonuses went to accused VA chief;
Records say Montague got more than $82K.He accepted $200K in bribes from Texas
company, feds claim.;
INVESTIGATION

BYLINE: By Andrew J. Tobias

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 648 words


William Montague got thousands in bonuses as director of Dayton's VA Medical
Center, records show.

COLUMBUS - The former director of the Dayton VA medical center received
thousands of dollars in bonuses during the same time period he is accused of
accepting bribes, seeking kickbacks from VA contractors and using his position
to benefit business clients, records obtained by an investigative reporting
nonprofit show.

According to VA data obtained by the Center for Investigative Reporting, William
Montague received a bonus of $8,195 in 2011, the year he came out of retirement
to temporarily run the Dayton Veterans Affairs Medical Center following a
scandal surrounding a former VA dentist's unsanitary practices.

Montague also received bonuses totaling $73,000 between 2007 and 2010, when he
retired from heading up the Cleveland VA medical center, according to the CIR.

The Dayton VA Medical Center serves 16 counties in southwest Ohio, and also
operates community clinics in Springfield, Middletown, Lima and Richmond, Ind.

Federal o?cials allege that between March 2010 and May 2012 Montague received
$200,000 worth of bribes from an unidentified Texas company and a company
connected to the currently imprisoned Cleveland developer Michael Forlani.

In exchange, Montague used his current and former positions to in?uence VA
decisions to help Forlani and others arrange meetings with VA o?cials and share
inside VA information with clients who had hired him as a consultant, federal
o?cials allege.

That includes directing Dayton VA Medical Center employees in 2011 to do
research that he shared with his clients, according to a federal indictment that
charges him with 36 counts including wire fraud, accepting bribes and money
laundering.

They also allege that starting in 2007, Montague asked for a fee for helping
arrange a meeting between an unidentified Virginia-based business with a
Cleveland branch and a VA o?cial in South Carolina. That company entered into a
consulting contract with Montague in 2008 that would have paid him at least
$60,000. But Montague never billed the company after the FBI raided Forlani's
o?ce, according to a federal indictment.

Forlani is serving eight years on bribery convictions following a massive FBI
investigation into corruption in Cuyahoga County.

Montague has pleaded not guilty, and has been free since June 19, the day he was
arrested, after posting a $100,000 bond. A court hearing to set a trial date is
scheduled for 10 a.m. Friday in Cleveland, court records show.

"If true, the accusations against former Day-ton VA Director William Montague
are highly troubling ... It is shameful that anyone would seek to enrich
themselves to the detriment of our veterans and hardworking taxpayers," U.S.
Rep. Mike Turner, R-Dayton, said in an email.

Darrel Clay and Ralph Cascarilla, who are listed in federal court records as
Montague's attorneys, have not returned messages seeking comment. Dayton VA
spokeswoman Kim Frisco directed inquiries to the U.S. Attorney's O?ce in
Cleveland, which did not return a phone message Wednesday.

The Center for Investigative Reporting gathered the records as part its
reporting on the growing VA backlog in processing disabilities claims
nationwide. The CIR reported in April that between 2007 and 2011, the agency
handed out $16.8 million in extra compensation to 463 senior o?cials.

During this time period, the VA's disability claims backlog worsened. The U.S.
Government Accountability O?ce found in December 2011 that the number of VA
claims taking more than 125 days to process had more than tripled since 2009.
The GAO reported in March the average length of time it takes to resolve a claim
had grown from 116 days in 2009 to 254 days in 2012.

On average, it takes 278 days in Ohio to complete a veteran's disability claim,
the Dayton Daily News reported last January.

Contact this reporter at 614-583-3457.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             294 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          September 21, 2006 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

English Soccer Officials Probe Report of Bribes

SECTION: Sports; E02

LENGTH: 407 words


English soccer officials opened an investigation yesterday into a television
report that a Premier League manager and others took bribes from soccer agents.

The Football Association and the Premier League said they would ask the BBC to
provide details from Tuesday night's program, "Undercover: Football's Dirty
Secrets."

"These are serious allegations . . . and we are determined to investigate them
fully," FA Chief Executive Brian Barwick said. "It is vital for the integrity of
the game and for every football supporter that we do this."

Three soccer agents secretly filmed by the BBC said Bolton Manager Sam Allardyce
took bribes from agents to complete lucrative transfer deals.

Allardyce, who was a top candidate to become manager of England's national team,
denied all the accusations and said he was taking legal action against the
British broadcaster. . . .

Taylor Twellman and Andy Dorman scored goals to give the visting New England
Revolution a 2-0 win over the New York Red Bulls and hurt the Red Bulls'
playoffs hopes.

*  COLLEGE FOOTBALL: Florida defensive tackle Marcus Thomas has been suspended
five games for failing a second drug test, according to several radio and
newspaper reports. Thomas, a senior from Jacksonville, Fla., leads the
fifth-ranked Gators with three sacks . . . .

The instant replay official whose failure to overturn a bad call helped Oregon
beat Oklahoma has been granted a leave of absence for the rest of the season by
the Pacific-10. The league announced that official Gordon Riese, who has already
been suspended for a game by the Pac-10, requested a leave of absence. . . .

Indiana Coach Terry Hoeppner plans to rejoin the team Sunday, less than two
weeks after brain surgery.

*  PRO HOCKEY: Evgeni Malkin was injured during his first NHL exhibition game
when he collided with Pittsburgh teammate John LeClair. The team said the
Russian rookie center was taken to a hospital for further evaluation of an
upper-body injury. Penguins veteran winger Mark Recchi also was sent to hospital
after he was hit with a high stick. . . .

Columbus Blue Jackets center Sergei Fedorov will be out four to six weeks after
injuring his left shoulder during an exhibition game.

*  BASKETBALL: Candace Parker had 18 points and six rebounds to help the United
States rout Lithuania, 90-56, in the quarterfinals of the Women's World
Basketball Championship in Sao Paulo, Brazil.

--  From News Services

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                             295 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   July 19, 2000 Wednesday PENINSULA EDITION

COUNCILMAN LINKED TO MORE BRIBE CLAIMS EVIDENCE AIRED IN EAST P.A. CASE

BYLINE: THAAI WALKER, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 709 words


Court documents released by federal prosecutors Tuesday portray R.B. Jones, the
East Palo Alto city councilman indicted in May on felony corruption and
extortion charges, as a man on the take who once boasted he had learned "how to
conceal bribe payments."

Among the evidence released by the U.S. Attorney's Office late Tuesday are
allegations that in addition to accepting payments from two potential city
contractors, for which he has been indicted, Jones solicited additional bribes
from a taxicab company owner and two concrete companies.

Federal prosecutors also have evidence, according to court records, that Jones
told one person seeking to do business in East Palo Alto that he "had visited
the mayor of a medium-size Midwestern city and learned how to conceal bribe
payments."

The allegations came to light as part of the prosecutors' response to a request
by Jones' attorney to release the general nature of the evidence they intend to
introduce during the trial.

Harold Rosenthal, Jones' attorney, said the allegations are "obviously ugly" and
untrue.

"This is nonsense. It's not true and they are playing dirty," Rosenthal said.
"All we have so far is a bunch of statements by unnamed people. It's just a
bunch of unattributed gossip."

U.S. Attorney John Hemann would not comment on the documents.

On May 2, Jones was arrested and arraigned on charges of bribery and extortion
after an April 26 grand jury indictment.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation and San Mateo County authorities began
investigating Jones after an employee of the California Water Services Co. told
them last fall that Jones had solicited a bribe. Law enforcement sources said
the FBI subsequently videotaped Jones apparently accepting a $5,000 bribe during
a December meeting.

Jones also is charged with soliciting and accepting $7,000 in November 1998 from
Viviano Trucking Co. of Newark in exchange for a promise to help the company
obtain a permit from the city to install and operate a concrete crusher. The
company has declined to comment other than to deny involvement with East Palo
Alto.

So far, prosecutors have not brought any additional charges against Jones. But
the allegations outlined in the government's documents filed Tuesday provide a
glimpse of the full case prosecutors plan to bring against Jones.

In the documents, Hemann stated that during the trial he intends to call the
owner of a Redwood City taxicab company from whom, Jones allegedly admitted in
an interview with FBI agents, Jones had accepted a bribe.

The cab company owner, who is not named in the court records, told prosecutors
that Jones solicited a $5,000 bribe from him and took $1,000 in exchange for a
promise from Jones to help the taxicab company obtain a use permit from the city
to operate a taxicab yard and dispatch center, Hemann alleges. The taxicab
company never obtained a permit, according to the court documents.

Instead of testifying before the grand jury, the owner struck a deal with the
U.S. Attorney's Office. In exchange for the cab company owner's testimony
against Jones during the trial, prosecutors agreed to not use his statements
against him.

The government released the documents in response to a request by Jones'
attorney that the judge throw out statements Jones made in an interview that
took place at his home the day he was arrested by FBI agents. The lawyer,
Rosenthal, contends that agents continued to question Jones after he had signed
a form stating that he did not want to be interviewed without a lawyerpresent.

Hemann states in court documents that agents did not notice that Jones had
written the word "not" next to a sentence on a form that reads "At this time I
am willing to answer questions without a lawyer present." Failure to notice the
written word "not" was an unintentional mistake on the part of agents, Hemann
states.

On Aug. 7, U.S. District Judge Marilyn Patel will decide the issue of whether
Jones' interview with the agents should be thrown out.

Jones, who has maintained his innocence, returned to the city council this month
after a six-week leave of absence that he said he took in order to prepare for
his defense. His case is set to go to trial on Sept. 12.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE EVIDENCE
Federal prosecutors said they may offer the following evidence at trial in the
case of East Palo Alto City Councilman R.B. Jones:
* Jones allegedly solicited a $14,000 bribe from an East Palo Alto trucking
contractor who was promised that if he paid the bribe, Jones would assist him in
obtaining a trucking contract.
* Jones allegedly solicited and accepted a $1,000 bribe from the owner of a
taxicab company and allegedly promised the cab company owner that he would help
him obtain approval to put a taxicab yard and dispatch center in East Palo Alto.

* Jones allegedly solicited a $20,000 bribe from an owner of a San Jose concrete
company and suggested that he would help the owner obtain contracts for work in
East Palo Alto in exchange for the payment.
* Jones allegedly stated to a person seeking to do business in East Palo Alto
that he had visited the mayor of a medium-size Midwestern city and learned how
to conceal bribe payments.
* While mayor, Jones allegedly called an East Palo Alto police lieutenant and
threatened him after East Palo Alto police officers closed a social club. Jones
allegedly told the lieutenant he didn't care whether social clubs were operating
illegally and the police department "was to leave them alone."
* Jones allegedly solicited $4,500 and accepted a $1,000 bribe from a person
seeking a permit to open a nightclub in East Palo Alto.
Source: U.S. Attorney's Office, San Francisco

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: Jones
[000719 FR 1A]

                     Copyright 2000 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             296 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Former Post Office Manager Sentenced in Bribe Scheme

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

U.S. District Judge Ellen L. Hollander sentenced former U.S. Postal Service
station manager Richard Lewis Wright, III, age 47, of Baltimore, today to 40
months in prison followed by three years of supervised release for bribery in
connection with a scheme to obtain U.S. Postal Service contracts in exchange for
bribe payments. Judge Hollander also entered an order that Wright forfeit and
pay restitution of $501,791.

The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Paul Bowman of the U.S.
Postal Service Office of Inspector General; and Special Agent in Charge Stephen
E. Vogt of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

According to his plea agreement and court documents, Wright was the USPS station
manager of the Waverly Station in Baltimore. Co-defendant Kimberly Parnell was
the USPS station manager of the Pikesville Station in Pikesville, Maryland. As a
station manager, Wright and Parnell had authority to contract for landscaping,
snow removal and cleaning services at the post offices they managed, and bill
those services to USPS for payment.

Beginning in 2007 for Wright and 2010 for Parnell, and continuing until July
2013, Wright and Parnell created, approved and submitted inflated invoices for
maintenance work allegedly performed at their post offices. They split the
proceeds with the providers of the services, including Shane Anderson and
others.

For example, Wright and Parnell initially accepted bribes from a co-conspirator
who owned a landscaping company. In July 2013, after becoming increasingly
frustrated with the co-conspirator's slow payment of bribes, Parnell recruited
Shane Anderson, who operated a landscaping company in Baltimore called Youthful
Minds Lawn Care. The co-conspirators agreed that Wright and Parnell would submit
inflated invoices from Youthful Minds Lawn Care for landscaping services in
exchange for a percentage of the proceeds paid to Youthful Minds by the USPS.

Similarly, beginning in August 2010, Wright also solicited and received bribes
from Ladeena Sketers-Anderson, who operated Keep U Clean cleaning service.
Sketers-Anderson received USPS payments, approved by Wright for services
allegedly provided at Wright's Post Office. Sketers-Anderson then issued checks
to a cleaning company owned by Wright, which Wright cashed.

In all, Wright submitted $591,791 worth of invoices in exchange for bribes.

Kimberly A. Parnell, age 44, and Shane Anderson, age 38, both of Baltimore, and
Ladena D. Sketers-Anderson, age 47, of Randallstown, Maryland, previously
pleaded guilty to their roles in the scheme. Parnell, who admitted to
submitting$50,470 worth of invoices in exchange for bribe payments, was
sentenced to 20 months in prison. Both Shane Anderson and Ladena
Sketers-Anderson were sentenced to 15 months in prison.

The National Procurement Fraud Task Force was formed in October 2006 to promote
the early detection, identification, prevention and prosecution of procurement
fraud associated with the increase in government contracting activity for
national security and other government programs. The Procurement Fraud Task
Force includes the United States Attorneys' Offices, the FBI, the U.S.
Inspectors General community and a number of other federal law enforcement
agencies. This case, as well as other cases brought by members of the Task
Force, demonstrates the Department of Justice's commitment to helping ensure the
integrity of the government procurement process.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the USPS-Office of Inspector
General and FBI for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant United States Attorney Leo J. Wise, who prosecuted the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             297 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday
                             Print & First Editions

Bribe charges against Rio's Guinean accuser

BYLINE: Peter Ker

SECTION: COMPANIES AND MARKETS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 460 words


The former Guinean mining minister who accused Rio Tinto of offering him bribes
has been charged in the US with laundering bribes from a Chinese company.

US prosecutors charged Mahmoud Thiam in Manhattan federal court on Tuesday after
he was accused of laundering bribes he received as part of a scheme to help the
Chinese company win "near total control" of Guinea's mining sector.

The Chinese company has not been named.

The US claims Mr Thiam was paid $US8.5 million ($11.3 million) by the company,
which was seeking exclusive rights to "a wide range of sectors of the Guinean
economy" in addition to control of mining in the country.

Mr Thiam allegedly lied about his occupation to open an account in Hong Kong,
which he used to transfer millions in bribe money.

He then moved it to an account in New York belonging to him and his wife,
according to the US. He also moved money from Hong Kong to a Malaysian company
he used to hide the purchase of a $US3.75 million estate in New York's Dutchess
County and tuition payments to private schools for his children, according to a
complaint by the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

He also sent money to at least one other West African government official, who
was not named in the FBI complaint.

Mr Thiam made headlines in November when he claimed a Rio Tinto employee offered
him bribes in 2010 as part of Rio's efforts to win back control of Guinea's
Simandou iron ore project.

The US charges against Mr Thiam are a blow to Israeli mining entrepreneur Beny
Steinmetz, who this week accused Rio of working to oust his company BSG
Resources from two Simandou tenements. BSG has threatened to take legal action
against Rio seeking billions of dollars in damages.

In a 14-page letter sent to Rio chief Jean-Sebastien Jacques and chairman Jan du
Plessis, BSG makes several references to Mr Thiam and his claims that Rio
lobbied him over Simandou between 2009 and 2012.

BSG's letter contains an excerpt from a letter Mr Thiam sent to Rio, where he
accused Rio of running a defamation case against the Guinean state that was
"dangerously approaching an attempt at 'destabilising civil peace'."

The charges against Mr Thiam come almost three years after a man who allegedly
worked as an intermediary for BSG in Guinea was jailed in the US after pleading
guilty to a charge of obstructing a US investigation into the Simandou saga.

The alleged intermediary, Frederic Cilins, served jail time in the US before
being deported in 2015 to his native France.

Rio struck a preliminary deal in October to sell its Simandou stake to Chinese
company Chinalco. The final value of the sale is not yet known.

Rio continues to have a 23.46 per cent stake in a Guinean bauxite business
called Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinee (CBG).

WITH BLOOMBERG

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2016 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             298 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Albany Herald (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Georgia corrections officers, contract workers face corruption charges

BYLINE: The Albany Herald, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 672 words


Feb. 12--ATLANTA -- Forty-nine current and former Georgia corrections officers
and contract employees, including some from Southwest Georgia, have been
arrested have been charged in seven separate federal indictments with smuggling
contraband into prisons and with accepting bribe payments in exchange for
providing protection for drug deals that were part of a federal undercover
operation.

"It's troubling that so many officers from state correctional institutions
across Georgia were willing to sell their badges for personal payoffs from
purported drug dealers," U. S. Attorney John Horn said Thursday. "They not only
betrayed the institutions they were sworn to protect, but they also betrayed the
ideals that thousands of honest, hard-working correctional officers uphold every
day."

According to Horn, the indictments and other information presented in court, the
FBI investigation of Georgia Department of Corrections employees and inmates
revealed that correctional officers were smuggling contraband, such as liquor,
tobacco and cellphones, into the prisons, with many of the cellphones being used
by inmates to commit wire fraud, money laundering, identity theft and drug
trafficking. Numerous corrections officers also were willing to use their law
enforcement credentials to protect what they thought were drugs deals involving
methamphetamine and cocaine.

Prosecutors say the officers usually wore their uniforms or had their
corrections department badges with them during the undercover deals to avoid
scrutiny, and that they were paid thousands of dollars in bribes.

"While the vast majority of those working within Georgia's correctional
facilities are dedicated and loyal officers and employees, today's FBI led an
operation focused on the apprehension of those who strayed," said J. Britt
Johnson, special agent in charge of the FBI Atlanta Field Office. "These arrests
represent an extensive FBI Atlanta and Georgia Department of Corrections'
investigation which initially focused on inmate criminal activities but also
revealed a significant public corruption problem within eleven of the 35 Georgia
Department of Corrections facilities,"

State Corrections Commissioner Homer Bryson said he appreciated the "swift
response to our request for assistance from our partners at the FBI. We stand
committed in our continuing efforts to bring to justice to those who pose a
threat to the safety of the public and to the operations of our facilities.
Shedding light on individuals involved in this type of corruption will remain
our focus, and we will seek prosecution to the fullest extent of the law."

Among those arrested in the case were:

-- Sarne Sylvester, 28, of Albany, former correctional officer at Autry State
Prison, charged with accepting bribe payments to smuggle contraband into a
prison;

-- Christopher Clayton, 28, of Americus, former correctional officer at Macon
State Prison, charged with accepting bribe payments to protect drug transactions
and with attempted drug trafficking;

-- Chasity Coleman, 22, of Cordele, former correctional officer at Dooly State
Prison, charged with accepting bribe payments to protect drug transactions and
with attempted drug trafficking;

-- Cortavius Henderson, 23, of Cordele, former correctional officer at Dooly
State Prison, charged with accepting bribe payments to protect drug transactions
and with attempted drug trafficking;

-- Branden Wiley, 24, of Cordele, correctional officer at Dooly State Prison,
charged with accepting bribe payments to protect drug transactions and with
attempted drug trafficking.

The Georgia Department of Corrections oversees the operations of the Georgia
state prison system and its more than 50,000 inmates. Combined with previous
announcements in September 2015 and in January, the FBI operation has resulted
in about 130 prison employees, inmates and non-incarcerated co-conspirators
facing various charges.

___ (c)2016 The Albany Herald, Ga. Visit The Albany Herald, Ga. at
www.albanyherald.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160212-1AH-Georgia-corrections-officers-contract-workers-face-corruption-charg
es-0212-20160212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AH


                        Copyright 2016 The Albany Herald


                             299 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 30, 2014 Monday

Press Release: Stop County "Bribes" to California State Judges Now: Here's How!

LENGTH: 271  words


Los Angeles (6/28/2014)- Richard I. Fine, Ph.D., Founder and Chairman of the
Campaign for Judicial Integrity (CFJI) stated: "Presently, approximately 34 of
the 58 California counties still make illegal payments ["bribes"] to
approximately 90% of California's current judges. The LA County 2014-2015
Proposed Budget (Vol. 1, pp. 58.1-4) shows approximately $29 million in payments
to 430 state judges in the LA Superior Court judges as "judicial benefits" in
addition to the judges' state salary of over $181,000.00 per year plus state
benefits. The Proposed Budget admits these payments are imposed by the judges on
the people appearing before them in cases at page 58.1: "Revenue from court
fines and fees is used to partially finance the MOE obligation to the State and
other court-related expenditures [payments to judges in addition to their state
compensation].


Fine continued: "The U.S. Supreme Court case of Tumey v. Ohio prohibits judges
being paid from fines and fees that they assess on people appearing before them.
Federal and State criminal laws prohibit a party appearing before a judge [such
as the county] to pay money to the judge, i.e., a "bribe"."
Fine added: "Visit http://www.campaignforjudicialintegrity.org to see Counties
paying "bribes" to judges. In 2009, California enacted SBX 2 11 giving 90% of
California's judge's immunity from California criminal prosecution for taking
illegal payments ["bribes"] from California counties and courts appearing before
them in cases. Watch how this judicial corruption affects you.
© 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide. Provided by SyndiGate Media Inc.
(Syndigate.info).

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             300 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Former Employee of U.S. Contractor in Afghanistan Indicted for Bribery

LENGTH: 403  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:

A former employee of a U.S. contractor was indicted today in the Eastern
District of Texas for allegedly soliciting and accepting bribes in exchange for
his influence in awarding U.S. government-funded contracts in Afghanistan,
announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney John Malcolm Bales of the
Eastern District of Texas.

George E. Green, 57, of Carrollton, Texas, was charged with conspiracy to
structure financial transactions to avoid currency transaction reporting
requirements, wire fraud and receipt of bribes in connection with a program
receiving federal funds.

According to the indictment, Green was the former director of contracts,
procurement and grants for International Relief and Development Inc. (IRD), and
was part of a cooperative agreement between IRD and the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID) that sought to promote long-term agricultural
development in specific areas in Afghanistan.

The indictment alleges that while working for IRD in Afghanistan, Green
solicited and received bribes totaling $66,000 from a representative of an
Afghan firm that contracted with IRD.  Some of those bribe payments were
allegedly wired directly to an Italian automobile dealer for Green's benefit.
After returning to Texas, Green allegedly attempted to conceal the bribe
proceeds by engaging in a conspiracy to structure cash deposits into his bank
and credit card accounts to avoid mandatory cash reporting requirements.
Additionally, even after leaving IRD, Green allegedly continued to solicit
bribes from the Afghan firm by falsely claiming that he still had the ability to
influence the contracting process.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

This case is being investigated by the Office of Special Inspector General for
Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR), FBI and USAID Office of Inspector General.
The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Mark H. Dubester on detail to the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section from SIGAR and Assistant U.S. Attorney Kevin
McClendon of the Eastern District of Texas.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             301 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Virginia Subcontractor Sentenced for Conspiracy to Bribe
Officials at the United States Navy Military Sealift Command

LENGTH: 746  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former employee of a government contracting company was sentenced today to 36
months in prison to be followed by three years of supervised release for
conspiracy to bribe public officials at the United States Navy Military Sealift
Command in exchange for favorable treatment in connection with U.S. government
contract work.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Special Agent in Charge
Susan Triesch of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Norfolk Field
Office, and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field
Office made the announcement today after McPhail's sentencing before United
States Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

Michael P. McPhail, 49, pleaded guilty to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to commit bribery on Feb. 19 2014. According to his plea
documents, McPhail is a former employee of a Chesapeake, Virginia, government
contracting company, referred to as Company A, which sought contracting business
from the Military Sealift Command, the leading provider of transportation for
the United States Navy. At his plea hearing, McPhail admitted that from March
2005 to January 2007, he contributed approximately $45,000 of his salary toward
bribe payments made to two public officials working for the Military Sealift
Command to influence them to provide favorable treatment to Company A in
connection with United States government contracting work.

Specifically, McPhail and other Company A employees, including Roderic J. Smith,
the former president of Company A; Dwayne A. Hardman, the co-founder of Company
A; and Adam C. White, a former vice president at Company A provided monthly cash
bribes to two Military Sealift Command public officials. The bribery conspiracy
resulted in the payment of more than $265,000 in cash bribes, among other things
of value, to Kenny E. Toy, the former Afloat Programs Manager for the Military
Sealift Command's N6 Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Systems
Directorate, and Scott B. Miserendino, Sr., a former government contractor who
performed work for the Military Sealift Command. In addition his prison
sentence, McPhail was ordered to forfeit $57,000.

Earlier this year, four other individuals pleaded guilty in connection with the
bribery scheme. On Feb. 12, 2014, Toy pleaded guilty to accepting bribes from
Company A employees. On Feb. 18, 2014, Hardman pleaded guilty to providing
bribes to Toy and Miserendino. On March 5, 2014, Smith pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to bribe public officials. On April 4, 2014, White pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit bribery.

On June 23, 2014, United States District Judge Henry Coke Morgan sentenced Smith
to 48 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $175,000. On July 9, 2014,
Judge Smith sentenced Hardman to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit
$144,000. On July 11, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced White to 24 months in prison
and ordered him to forfeit $57,000. On July 29, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced Toy
to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $100,000.

On May 23, 2014, a grand jury in the Eastern District of Virginia indicted
Miserendino and Timothy S. Miller, a businessman whose company sought
contracting business from the Military Sealift Command. The indictment charges
Miserendino with one count of conspiracy to commit bribery, one count of
bribery, one count of conspiracy to commit obstruction of criminal
investigations and to commit tampering with a witness, and one count of
obstruction of criminal investigations. The indictment charges Miller with one
count of conspiracy to commit bribery and two counts of bribery. Trial is set
for Sept. 30, 2014, before Judge Smith.

Charges contained in an indictment are merely allegations, and a defendant is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI, NCIS, and DCIS. The case was prosecuted by
Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             302 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Virginia Subcontractor Sentenced for Conspiracy to Bribe
Officials at the United States Navy Military Sealift Command

LENGTH: 746  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former employee of a government contracting company was sentenced today to 36
months in prison to be followed by three years of supervised release for
conspiracy to bribe public officials at the United States Navy Military Sealift
Command in exchange for favorable treatment in connection with U.S. government
contract work.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Special Agent in Charge
Susan Triesch of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Norfolk Field
Office, and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field
Office made the announcement today after McPhail's sentencing before United
States Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

Michael P. McPhail, 49, pleaded guilty to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to commit bribery on Feb. 19 2014. According to his plea
documents, McPhail is a former employee of a Chesapeake, Virginia, government
contracting company, referred to as Company A, which sought contracting business
from the Military Sealift Command, the leading provider of transportation for
the United States Navy. At his plea hearing, McPhail admitted that from March
2005 to January 2007, he contributed approximately $45,000 of his salary toward
bribe payments made to two public officials working for the Military Sealift
Command to influence them to provide favorable treatment to Company A in
connection with United States government contracting work.

Specifically, McPhail and other Company A employees, including Roderic J. Smith,
the former president of Company A; Dwayne A. Hardman, the co-founder of Company
A; and Adam C. White, a former vice president at Company A provided monthly cash
bribes to two Military Sealift Command public officials. The bribery conspiracy
resulted in the payment of more than $265,000 in cash bribes, among other things
of value, to Kenny E. Toy, the former Afloat Programs Manager for the Military
Sealift Command's N6 Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Systems
Directorate, and Scott B. Miserendino, Sr., a former government contractor who
performed work for the Military Sealift Command. In addition his prison
sentence, McPhail was ordered to forfeit $57,000.

Earlier this year, four other individuals pleaded guilty in connection with the
bribery scheme. On Feb. 12, 2014, Toy pleaded guilty to accepting bribes from
Company A employees. On Feb. 18, 2014, Hardman pleaded guilty to providing
bribes to Toy and Miserendino. On March 5, 2014, Smith pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to bribe public officials. On April 4, 2014, White pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit bribery.

On June 23, 2014, United States District Judge Henry Coke Morgan sentenced Smith
to 48 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $175,000. On July 9, 2014,
Judge Smith sentenced Hardman to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit
$144,000. On July 11, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced White to 24 months in prison
and ordered him to forfeit $57,000. On July 29, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced Toy
to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $100,000.

On May 23, 2014, a grand jury in the Eastern District of Virginia indicted
Miserendino and Timothy S. Miller, a businessman whose company sought
contracting business from the Military Sealift Command. The indictment charges
Miserendino with one count of conspiracy to commit bribery, one count of
bribery, one count of conspiracy to commit obstruction of criminal
investigations and to commit tampering with a witness, and one count of
obstruction of criminal investigations. The indictment charges Miller with one
count of conspiracy to commit bribery and two counts of bribery. Trial is set
for Sept. 30, 2014, before Judge Smith.

Charges contained in an indictment are merely allegations, and a defendant is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI, NCIS, and DCIS. The case was prosecuted by
Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             303 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Former Virginia Subcontractor Sentenced for Conspiracy to Bribe
Officials at the United States Navy Military Sealift Command

LENGTH: 746  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former employee of a government contracting company was sentenced today to 36
months in prison to be followed by three years of supervised release for
conspiracy to bribe public officials at the United States Navy Military Sealift
Command in exchange for favorable treatment in connection with U.S. government
contract work.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Special Agent in Charge
Susan Triesch of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Norfolk Field
Office, and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field
Office made the announcement today after McPhail's sentencing before United
States Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

Michael P. McPhail, 49, pleaded guilty to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to commit bribery on Feb. 19 2014. According to his plea
documents, McPhail is a former employee of a Chesapeake, Virginia, government
contracting company, referred to as Company A, which sought contracting business
from the Military Sealift Command, the leading provider of transportation for
the United States Navy. At his plea hearing, McPhail admitted that from March
2005 to January 2007, he contributed approximately $45,000 of his salary toward
bribe payments made to two public officials working for the Military Sealift
Command to influence them to provide favorable treatment to Company A in
connection with United States government contracting work.

Specifically, McPhail and other Company A employees, including Roderic J. Smith,
the former president of Company A; Dwayne A. Hardman, the co-founder of Company
A; and Adam C. White, a former vice president at Company A provided monthly cash
bribes to two Military Sealift Command public officials. The bribery conspiracy
resulted in the payment of more than $265,000 in cash bribes, among other things
of value, to Kenny E. Toy, the former Afloat Programs Manager for the Military
Sealift Command's N6 Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Systems
Directorate, and Scott B. Miserendino, Sr., a former government contractor who
performed work for the Military Sealift Command. In addition his prison
sentence, McPhail was ordered to forfeit $57,000.

Earlier this year, four other individuals pleaded guilty in connection with the
bribery scheme. On Feb. 12, 2014, Toy pleaded guilty to accepting bribes from
Company A employees. On Feb. 18, 2014, Hardman pleaded guilty to providing
bribes to Toy and Miserendino. On March 5, 2014, Smith pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to bribe public officials. On April 4, 2014, White pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit bribery.

On June 23, 2014, United States District Judge Henry Coke Morgan sentenced Smith
to 48 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $175,000. On July 9, 2014,
Judge Smith sentenced Hardman to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit
$144,000. On July 11, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced White to 24 months in prison
and ordered him to forfeit $57,000. On July 29, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced Toy
to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $100,000.

On May 23, 2014, a grand jury in the Eastern District of Virginia indicted
Miserendino and Timothy S. Miller, a businessman whose company sought
contracting business from the Military Sealift Command. The indictment charges
Miserendino with one count of conspiracy to commit bribery, one count of
bribery, one count of conspiracy to commit obstruction of criminal
investigations and to commit tampering with a witness, and one count of
obstruction of criminal investigations. The indictment charges Miller with one
count of conspiracy to commit bribery and two counts of bribery. Trial is set
for Sept. 30, 2014, before Judge Smith.

Charges contained in an indictment are merely allegations, and a defendant is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI, NCIS, and DCIS. The case was prosecuted by
Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             304 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

NATION DIGEST

BYLINE: Read more national news at stltoday.com/national.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A24

LENGTH: 469 words

DATELINE: 0


GSA inquiry includes possible bribes

The General Services Administration's inspector general is investigating
possible kickbacks and bribes in an agency already shaken by a scandal over a
pricey Las Vegas-area conference, he told a congressional hearing Monday.

Brian Miller said in response to questions from House Government Oversight
Committee Chairman Darrell Issa, R-Calif., that he is investigating "all sorts
of improprieties, including bribes, possibly kickbacks."

"We do have other ongoing investigations," he said, adding that witnesses told
him waste was "widespread" in the GSA's Pacific Rim region, which staged the Las
Vegas-area conference for nearly $823,000 in 2010. The official responsible for
planning the conference, Jeff Neely, refused to respond to questions at the
hearing.

'Buffett rule' blocked in Senate - Senate Republicans derailed a Democratic
"Buffett rule" bill Monday forcing the nation's top earners to pay at least 30
percent of their income in taxes, defying President Barack Obama on one of his
election-year issues.

Romney tax talk just 'ideas,' aides say - Mitt Romney's aides soft-pedaled his
latest tax pronouncements on Monday, insisting he wasn't tipping his hand when
he told donors privately that he might seek to end the tax break for mortgages
on second homes and curb other deductions for the wealthy as part of tax reform.

"He was just discussing ideas that came up on the campaign trail," said former
Sen. Jim Talent of Missouri, a frequent campaign surrogate. The remarks, at a
closed-door fundraiser in Florida, were overheard by reporters.

Mississippi cracks down on lone abortion clinic - Mississippi Gov. Phil Bryant
signed a bill Monday imposing restrictions on the state's sole abortion clinic
that could force it to close. The law requires all physicians who work at
in-state abortion clinics to be board-certified with admitting privileges at a
local hospital. The owner of the Jackson clinic, Diane Derzis, has said it will
be difficult for her doctors to obtain local admitting privileges because many
of them live out of state.

Boy at school talks of slayings at home - A 9-year-old boy arrived at school
Monday with a grisly story: His mother and sister were dead at their home.
Minutes later, police found the bodies of a 10-year-old girl and her mother -
along with a blood-covered father and an unharmed 4-year-old boy - in a home in
a West Las Vegas neighborhood, authorities said. They were not identified, and
police wouldn't say how or when the slayings occurred.

---

Final flight of discovery

In this photo from Sunday provided by NASA, workers attach space shuttle
Discovery to the shuttle carrier aircraft at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape
Canaveral, Fla. Discovery will be transported today to the Smithsonian National
Air and Space Museum in Washington.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Final flight of discovery  Kim Shiflett o Associated Press/NASA  In
this photo from Sunday provided by NASA, workers attach space shuttle Discovery
to the shuttle carrier aircraft at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral,
Fla. Discovery will be transported today to the Smithsonian National Air and
Space Museum in Washington.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             305 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           October 29, 2009 Thursday

The Nation: Birmingham mayor convicted of taking bribes

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: NATIONAL

LENGTH: 636 words


TUSCALOOSA, ALA.
Mayor convicted of taking bribes

A jury has convicted Birmingham Mayor Larry Langford on federal charges of
accepting bribes, automatically removing him from office.

He was convicted Wednesday of all the counts he faced for accepting cash and
luxury items worth about $236,000 while serving as president of the Jefferson
County Commission. In exchange, he funneled $7.1 million in bond business to a
prominent investment banker.

Langford showed no emotion when the verdict was read.

With the felony conviction, he was automatically removed from the office that he
won in a landslide in 2007.

Some of the bond deals made during Langford's term went sour in the credit
crunch last year, and Jefferson County is now trying to avoid filing the largest
municipal bankruptcy in U.S. history over $3.9 billion in sewer bond debt.

He was allowed to remain free on $50,000 bond until his sentencing, which the
judge said would be in about three months, and he agreed to forfeit $241,843.

DETROIT
Leader of radical Islam group killed

A man described as a leader of a radical Sunni Islam group in the U.S. was
fatally shot Wednesday afternoon while resisting arrest and exchanging gunfire
with federal agents, authorities said.

Agents at a warehouse in Dearborn were trying to arrest Luqman Ameen Abdullah,
53, on charges that included conspiracy to sell stolen goods and illegal
possession and sale of firearms. Ten followers listed in a criminal complaint
were also being rounded up in the area.

Abdullah refused to surrender, fired a weapon and was killed by gunfire from
agents, FBI spokeswoman Sandra Berchtold said.

ANCHORAGE, ALASKA
Executive gets 3 years in bribe cases

The oil services executive at the center of a federal investigation of
corruption in Alaska politics was sentenced Wednesday to three years in prison
and fined $750,000.

Bill Allen, 72, testified on behalf of the government in three cases, including
the trial of former U.S. Sen. Ted Stevens, whose charges were dismissed earlier
this year when the Justice Department admitted it failed to turn over favorable
evidence to Stevens' defense team.

U.S. District Court Judge John Sedwick said Allen's fine would have been higher
if sentencing guidelines had allowed it. Allen's prison sentence was revised
downward because of his cooperation with prosecutors from the day he was
confronted with evidence against him, and his acceptance of responsibility for
the crime.

"Mr. Allen did the right thing by way of cooperation," Sedwick said.

However, the money that passed from Allen to state lawmakers harmed all Alaskans
and threatened the legislature as an institution, the judge said.

"Democracy doesn't work when it's corrupted," Sedwick said.

Allen's trusted lieutenant, Rick Smith, a former VECO vice president, was
sentenced to 21 months in prison and fined $10,000 for his role in bribing
lawmakers.

WASHINGTON
Panel OKs tighter Iran sanctions bill

A bill that would tighten U.S. sanctions against the export of refined petroleum
products to Iran was approved overwhelmingly Wednesday by the House Foreign
Affairs Committee.

Iran is a major exporter of crude oil but lacks sufficient refining facilities
to supply its needs. The sanctions would bar gasoline, kerosene, propane and
other refined products. The bill also would extend sanctions from 2011 to 2016.

Four members among the committee's 28 Democrats and 19 Republicans spoke out
against the legislation, which passed by voice vote. The bill still must be
voted on by the full House and clear the Senate before becoming law.

Currently, refined petroleum products are not subject to sanctions imposed on
Iran. The bill would not impose sanctions but specifies which products could be
sanctioned.

U.S. sanctions are meant to punish Iran for allegedly trying to develop nuclear
arms.

Herald wire services

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             306 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: American Sports Marketing Executive Pleads Guilty To Racketeering
And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Aaron Davidson pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy in connection with his
involvement in schemes involving the payment of bribes to a high-ranking soccer
official in exchange for media and marketing rights to international soccer
tournaments and matches.  Davidson agreed to and paid these bribes on behalf of
Traffic Sports USA, Inc. (Traffic USA), the Miami sports marketing company for
which he served as president at the time of his arrest on May 27, 2015.  As part
of his plea, Davidson also agreed to forfeit $507,906.84.  At sentencing,
Davidson faces a maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea
proceeding took place before United States District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
Davidson, a U.S. citizen, joined Traffic USA in 2003, initially working in sales
and ultimately rising to the position of president of the company.  During his
time at Traffic USA, Davidson was involved in multiple criminal schemes
including, among others, schemes involving the agreement to pay and payment of
bribes to a high-ranking official of FIFA, CONCACAF, the Caribbean Football
Union, and one of FIFA's national member associations in order to obtain
lucrative media and marketing rights to international soccer tournaments and
matches for Traffic USA and its business partners.  Those tournaments and
matches included FIFA World Cup qualifiers, the CONCACAF Gold Cup, the CONCACAF
Champions League, and the Copa América Centenario, a tournament jointly
organized by CONCACAF and CONMEBOL, the South American soccer confederation.  In
total, Davidson negotiated and agreed to bribe payments totaling more than $14
million.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             307 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 27, 2016 Thursday

Washington: American Sports Marketing Executive Pleads Guilty To Racketeering
And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Aaron Davidson pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy in connection with his
involvement in schemes involving the payment of bribes to a high-ranking soccer
official in exchange for media and marketing rights to international soccer
tournaments and matches.  Davidson agreed to and paid these bribes on behalf of
Traffic Sports USA, Inc. (Traffic USA), the Miami sports marketing company for
which he served as president at the time of his arrest on May 27, 2015.  As part
of his plea, Davidson also agreed to forfeit $507,906.84.  At sentencing,
Davidson faces a maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea
proceeding took place before United States District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
Davidson, a U.S. citizen, joined Traffic USA in 2003, initially working in sales
and ultimately rising to the position of president of the company.  During his
time at Traffic USA, Davidson was involved in multiple criminal schemes
including, among others, schemes involving the agreement to pay and payment of
bribes to a high-ranking official of FIFA, CONCACAF, the Caribbean Football
Union, and one of FIFA's national member associations in order to obtain
lucrative media and marketing rights to international soccer tournaments and
matches for Traffic USA and its business partners.  Those tournaments and
matches included FIFA World Cup qualifiers, the CONCACAF Gold Cup, the CONCACAF
Champions League, and the Copa América Centenario, a tournament jointly
organized by CONCACAF and CONMEBOL, the South American soccer confederation.  In
total, Davidson negotiated and agreed to bribe payments totaling more than $14
million.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             308 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 24, 2006 Saturday

Bribery charge raises legal eyebrows;
DEPUTY DA QUOTES HIGH COURT RULING; BUT SOME EXPERTS SAY IT'S A STRETCH

BYLINE: Barry Witt, Mercury News

SECTION: A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 856 words


There was no cash in a paper bag. No monies wired to foreign bank accounts. No
secret campaign contributions or jobs for close relatives.

The bribe that a Santa Clara County Grand Jury alleged this week was Norcal
Waste Systems' agreement to let the Teamsters union represent about 60 workers
at higher wages than Norcal had expected to pay. In exchange, the mayor promised
that city ratepayers would cover the additional costs.

It's an action that has been well-documented for more than a year, but never
before characterized as illegal.

The bribery charge was the most stunning contention in the seven-count
indictment filed against Mayor Ron Gonzales, Norcal and Gonzales aide Joe
Guerra. But it's not what most people think of as a bribe because it involved no
direct benefit to the mayor. And Gonzales has long argued that seeking higher
wages for the workers was consistent with longstanding city policy.

Prosecutors said Friday that they can make the charge stick because the law says
a bribe does not have to personally benefit the public official; it can benefit
someone else, if the public official requested that the bribe be paid in return
for an official action. In this case, the beneficiaries allegedly were employees
of Norcal recycling subcontractor California Waste Solutions, who won wage
increases, thanks to the mayor's actions.

Attorneys for Gonzales and Norcal say the charge is absurd, and several veteran
lawyers not connected to the case said they found the prosecution's theory to be
stretching the law.

The case itself appears to rest largely on whether the facts -- over which both
sides mostly agree -- constitute crimes.

``This may not have been good government, it may have been unethical, and I
express no opinion on those things, but I guarantee you it's not criminal,''
said James McManis, an attorney for Norcal President Michael Sangiacomo.

Allen Ruby, the mayor's attorney, called the prosecution theory ``absolutely
preposterous.''

``What the DA is trying to do is create a new crime, which is if someone in
public office uses his or her judgments to advocate for a group or an
individual, that somehow can be characterized as a bribe,'' Ruby said.

Julius Finkelstein, the deputy district attorney who presented the case to the
grand jury, did not detail his entire case at a Friday news conference. But he
alluded to a 1982 California Supreme Court case that he said supports the notion
``that a bribe does not have to personally benefit the public official'' and
that ``a public official cannot use his official position to make a secret deal
to benefit either him or his political supporters.''

In this case, the supporters would be the Teamsters union, which had
longstanding ties to Gonzales. The recycling company initially had planned to
recognize an Oakland-based International Longshoremen's Workers Union local that
lacked San Jose ties. The Longshoremen had agreed to terms that would have paid
the workers less than they received under a Teamsters pact with San Jose's prior
contractor.

Prosecutors also point to the jury instruction on bribery in California, which
says a person can be found guilty if ``he or she acts to wrongfully gain a
financial or other advantage for himself, herself or someone else.''

But ``it's a long stretch'' to say a benefit to a political supporter is legally
sufficient, said Matthew Jacobs, a Sacramento attorney and former federal
prosecutor who handled many political corruption cases. ``If you charge this as
bribery, how is it distinguished from a lot of what goes on in Sacramento every
day?''

Stanford law professor Robert Weisberg said Gonzales can raise a strong argument
that he thought he was pursuing a legitimate public policy goal in seeking
higher wages for the workers.

``I don't think it gets past reasonable doubt for a jury,'' he said.

Besides the bribery charge, the case against Gonzales includes an allegation
that he falsified two public records when he sent memos to the city council that
contained false information. Defense attorneys disputed the notion that the
mayor could be charged with a crime for writing the memos -- even if they
weren't true. They argued the statute is intended to apply to records that have
in some way been forged or altered.

Outside experts also questioned that charge.

``You could imagine the number of prosecutions if politicians could be busted
for making false statements in jawboning some legislation,'' said Stanford's
Weisberg.

But Finkelstein argued that the creation of the false document is a crime and it
contributed to the mayor's attempts to mislead the city council, resulting in
the council's approval of payments that covered the higher wages paid to the
Teamsters.

The prosecutor indicated that even though most of the facts of the case have
been known publicly for at least a year, after a civil grand jury detailed them
in June 2005, his office delayed pursuing the matter as a crime until after the
city council decided to drop the matter in December.

Mercury News Staff Writers Brandon Bailey and Deborah Lohse contributed to this
report. Contact Barry Witt at bwitt@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5703.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             309 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Siasat Daily (India)

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

Ex-Guatemalan president freed from US prison in bribery case

LENGTH: 447 words

DATELINE: Denver


Denver, Feb. 25 -- A former Guatemalan president who was sentenced to nearly six
years in prison for accepting USD 2.5 million in bribes from Taiwan was released
today from a US prison and was returning to his home country.

Alfonso Portillo was released from a suburban Denver prison where he had been
incarcerated since last year. The former president was credited with time served
in Guatemala, where he faces no further charges, said Libna Bonilla, the
embassy's deputy chief of mission in Washington.

"He is considered a free man in Guatemala," Bonilla said.

Accompanied by the Guatemalan consul in Denver, Portillo was taking commercial
flights to Guatemala City, Bonilla said. Portillo was sentenced in federal court
in New York in 2014 to nearly six years in prison for accepting USD 2.5 million
in bribes from the government of Taiwan to continue to recognize the Asian
nation diplomatically.

The US Bureau of Prisons confirmed Portillo's release from the minimum-security
Federal Correctional Institution in Englewood.

Portillo admitted accepting the bribes from Taiwan's government.

Federal prosecutors said the bribes threatened the integrity of US banks because
Portillo laundered the money through US financial institutions, making them "a
vehicle for moving bad money." Assistant US Attorney Adam Fee said at sentencing
that Portillo used the first half-million dollars he received from Taiwan to
build a larger home for meetings and entertaining.

Taiwan's government said at the time that it rejected 'checkbook diplomacy."

Portillo, 63, was Guatemala's president from 2000 to 2004. He was extradited to
the United States in 2013 and pleaded guilty to money laundering conspiracy in
March 2014. US District Judge Robert P Patterson also ordered Portillo to
forfeit USD 2.5 million.

Portillo said he accepted the money from December 1999, shortly before he became
president, until August 2002. He said he knew that the money from Taiwan came
from an account at the International Bank of China in New York City.

In 2011, a Guatemalan court found Portillo not guilty of charges that he stole
USD 15 million from Guatemala's Defense Department.

After leaving office, Portillo fled to Mexico, where he was a financial adviser
for a construction materials company.

He was extradited from Mexico to Guatemala in 2008 to face the embezzlement
charges and remained free until he was arrested in 2010 on the US extradition
request. He was captured at a beach preparing to flee Guatemala by boat.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from Siasat Daily. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Siasat.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             310 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Former Guinean Minister of Mines Charged with Receiving and Laundering $8.5
Million in Bribes from Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 743  words


The former Minister of Mines and Geology of the Republic of Guinea was arrested
and charged today with laundering proceeds from bribes that he allegedly
received from two Chinese companies that are part of a Chinese conglomerate in
exchange for official actions he took to secure valuable mining rights for the
conglomerate.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New
York, Assistant Director Stephen Richardson of the FBIs Criminal Investigative
Division, and Assistant Director in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. of the FBIs
New York Field Office made the announcement.

Former Minister Thiam is accused of enriching himself at the expense of the
people of the Republic of Guinea, said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  We
cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of official
corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay bribes,
and also the corrupt officials who receive them.

Mahmoud Thiam, a former high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his
position to accept millions in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered
the money through New York, said U.S. Attorney Bharara.  Thiam, a U.S. citizen,
will now face justice in a federal court.

This arrest exemplifies the commitment to personnel and resources the FBI
continues to make towards combating corruption, said Assistant Director
Richardson.  The FBI looks forward to the development of those relationships
with our partners both in the United States and around the world.

Todays action shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to
investigating all levels of corruption, said Assistant Director in Charge
Sweeney.  The United States will be relentless in its efforts to uphold fair,
equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use corruption for
personal gain will not be tolerated.

Mahmoud Thiam, 50, a U.S. citizen residing in New York City, was charged by
complaint with two counts of money laundering.  Thiam was arrested this morning
and made his initial appearance this afternoon before a magistrate judge in the
Southern District of New York.

The complaint alleges that in 2009 and 2010, Thiam took part in a scheme to
launder, into the United States and elsewhere, approximately $8.5 million in
bribes he received from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate.  In
exchange for the bribes, Thiam allegedly used his official position in the
Guinean government to enable affiliates of the Chinese conglomerate to obtain
exclusive and highly-valuable investment rights in a wide range of sectors of
the Guinean economy, including near total control of Guineas valuable mining
sector.

In order to conceal the bribes, Thiam allegedly opened a bank account in Hong
Kong and misreported his occupation to conceal his status as a government
official.  Thiam later transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds into
the United States, where he allegedly lied to two U.S. banks to conceal both his
position as a foreign government official and the source of the funds.  Thiam
allegedly spent the bribe proceeds on, among other things, construction work on
his estate in upstate New York.

A complaint is merely an allegation, and the defendant is presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

The FBIs International Corruption Squads in New York City and Los Angeles are
investigating the case.  In 2015, the FBI formed International Corruption Squads
across the country to address national and international implications of foreign
corruption.

Assistant Chief Tarek Helou, Senior Trial Attorney Jason Linder and Trial
Attorney Sarah Edwards of the Criminal Divisions Fraud Section, Senior Trial
Attorney Steven Parker of the Criminal Divisions Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section (AFMLS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Elisha Kobre of the
Southern District of New York are prosecuting the case.  AFMLS Trial Attorney
Alexis Loeb previously investigated the case.  The Criminal Divisions Office of
International Affairs also provided substantial assistance in this matter.

The Criminal Divisions Fraud Section is responsible for investigating and
prosecuting all Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) matters.  Additional
information about the departments FCPA enforcement efforts can be found at
www.justice.gov /criminal/fraud/fcpa. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             311 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 21, 2016 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Executive From U.S. Admits Role in Bribes

BYLINE: By REBECCA R. RUIZ

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 726 words


Aaron Davidson, one of a handful of Americans implicated in United States
prosecutors' world soccer corruption case, pleaded guilty to racketeering
conspiracy and wire-fraud conspiracy charges in federal court in Brooklyn on
Thursday.

His conviction was the 20th to be announced by the Department of Justice in its
far-reaching prosecutions of sports officials and business executives connected
to FIFA, soccer's global governing body, and affiliated regional organizations.

Mr. Davidson, 45, a sports marketing executive, admitted to negotiating and
paying more than $14 million in bribes to soccer officials on behalf of Traffic
Sports USA, a firm headquartered on Brickell Key, a private island in Miami
where Mr. Davidson lives.

Those bribes helped Traffic secure lucrative media and marketing contracts,
including the rights to major international tournaments. Mr. Davidson, who began
working for Traffic as a salesman in 2003, said on Thursday that he had learned
about the company's practice of paying bribes for business in 2009 and that he
had begun participating in such schemes in 2012.

''I knew making the bribe payment was illegal and was concerned about making
it,'' he said of one transaction, noting that he had falsified an invoice to
make it seem legitimate.

Mr. Davidson faces up to 40 years in prison for the two charges to which he
admitted. He agreed to forfeit more than half a million dollars to the United
States, adding to the more than $200 million promised to the government by
people convicted in the case.

In his plea on Thursday, Mr. Davidson invoked others who had been convicted and
had promised the bulk of that money. He mentioned José Hawilla of Brazil, owner
of Traffic USA and its parent company, Traffic International -- two corporate
defendants in the case -- and Jeffrey Webb, a former FIFA executive and regional
soccer association president to whom Traffic paid bribes.

Mr. Webb, Mr. Hawilla and both Traffic companies previously pleaded guilty in
the Justice Department's case, putting Mr. Davidson, a lawyer, in a challenging
position as he maintained his innocence the last year and a half.

When the United States announced its case in May 2015, the authorities unsealed
Mr. Hawilla's secret guilty plea, along with an indictment depicting Mr.
Davidson as a self-aware criminal who had been recorded speaking about bribes
with Mr. Hawilla in Queens. ''Is it illegal?'' Mr. Davidson said in 2014,
according to prosecutors. ''Yes, it is illegal.''

His quotes in the indictment suggested he had a broad grasp of the magnitude of
Traffic's bribes. ''Within the big picture of things, a company that has worked
in this industry for 30 years, is it bad?'' he said, answering his own question.
''It is bad.''

On Thursday, he told a federal judge that Mr. Hawilla, conscious of government
scrutiny, had warned him to avoid discussing the illegal activity by phone.

Early in his career, Mr. Davidson worked at the Muller Group, a sports marketing
firm in New York. Its offices in Trump Tower were sublet from Chuck Blazer, the
United States soccer official whose 2013 admission of racketeering, wire fraud,
money laundering and tax evasion kicked off the United States investigation. Of
42 defendants named in the case -- including the Traffic companies -- Mr.
Davidson and Mr. Blazer are the only two born in the United States.

During law school, in his early 20s, Mr. Davidson was exposed to the world
soccer scene while working as an interpreter in Dallas when the United States
hosted the 1994 World Cup. (The son of Latin American Jewish parents, Mr.
Davidson speaks languages including Spanish and Hebrew.)

In later years, his business interests included the development of soccer in the
United States; he is credited with helping to revive the North American Soccer
League, the country's second-tier professional division, and managing Traffic's
investment in several teams in that league.

On Thursday, Mr. Davidson's sales skills were on display even as he signed his
plea agreement. He spoke animatedly about a new business venture, involving
high-end botanical art installations in New York, to the assistant United States
attorney who presented him with the document.

''We're opening up a store in the Hamptons this summer,'' Mr. Davidson told the
prosecutor. ''Hopefully we'll see you there.''




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/21/sports/soccer/aaron-davidson-fifa-bribes
-conspiracy.html

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             312 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               February 14, 2000, Monday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LICENSE SCANDAL IS CATCHING UP WITH RYAN AS GOVERNOR;
29 INDICTMENTS, CAMPAIGN LINK BOOST POLITICAL DANGER;
BRIBES IN HIS OLD OFFICE HOUND HIM

BYLINE: Kevin McDermott; Post-Dispatch Springfield Bureau

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1122 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, ILL.


On Sept. 3, 1998, federal agents raided an Illinois drivers license facility
near Chicago and arrested three women. They were charged with taking two $ 600
bribes from undercover investigators seeking commercial drivers licenses.

For then-Secretary of State George Ryan, a Republican, it was a bump in the road
to the governor's mansion. He was leading comfortably in his gubernatorial
campaign. Three arrests in his office of more than 3,000 employees weren't
expected to change that.

Eighteen months and 29 indictments later, Gov. Ryan is trying to convince
Illinoisans that the scandal -- now involving campaign money, obstruction of
justice and the highway deaths of six children -- has not affected his ability
to lead.

"It happened on my watch," Ryan told the state Legislature in his State of the
State speech on Feb. 3. "It's my responsibility, and I accept it."

For Ryan, a 25-year veteran of state politics, it was a humbling way to close
out his first year as governor.

Twelve people are under indictment on racketeering and other charges, including
an old confidant whom Ryan hired to root out corruption. Seventeen others
already have pleaded guilty. Speculation about whether the scandal will reach
Ryan himself intensifies with every arrest.

Prosecutors say Ryan's former underlings in the secretary of state's office took
bribes for years to license unqualified truckers. Later, in 1994, one of those
drivers was involved in a horrific car accident in Wisconsin. They say at least
$ 172,000 in bribe money ended up in Ryan's campaign fund. Others allegedly
thwarted investigators to insulate Ryan.

No evidence has shown Ryan was directly involved. But polls show the public
thinks he was.

"People understand bribes, they understand cover-ups, and they understand kids
getting killed in car crashes," said political scientist Kent Redfield of the
University of Illinois at Springfield. "This is easier for the public to
comprehend than MSI was with Edgar."

MSI was the complex cash-for-contracts scandal that dogged former Gov. Jim Edgar
but never affected his poll numbers. Ryan, in contrast, merited a dismal 45
percent job- performance rating in a poll last week by Copley News Service.
Sixty-one percent of Illinoisans said they believe he knew about wrongdoing in
his former office.

That belief may be because the base ingredients of the scandal -- patronage,
fund-raising quotas, an emphasis on political loyalty -- have been such an open
part of Ryan's political philosophy that some find it easy to believe the rest.

"In a significant portion of the population, (Ryan) is perceived as a
traditional Illinois politician, with all the negative connotations that come
with that," said Redfield. "Once the public defines someone in a given way, it's
very hard to turn that around."

Rumors plagued office

Ryan's two terms as secretary of state were peppered with allegations that
underlings were taking bribes. The rumors were persistent enough that Ryan at
one point ordered an internal investigation, which concluded there were no
problems.

Shortly before the November 1998 election, the U.S. attorney's office in Chicago
began a series of arrests and indictments against low-level Ryan employees and
others. Most were charged in connection with bribes paid by truckers to allow
them to pass the state's commercial drivers license test.

Most damaging was the allegation that some of those employees used bribe money
to make political contributions to Ryan. For years, Ryan had defended the
practice of accepting campaign money from his state employees. Now critics
questioned whether the bribe-taking was driven by an unspoken requirement that
Ryan's employees meet fund-raising quotas.

Ryan has since given to charity all the campaign money that could be linked to
the scandal. As governor, he has banned campaign contributions from his own
employees.

"Are the habits of old political traditions partly responsible for this? Yes,"
said Jim Howard of Illinois Common Cause, which has long criticized practices
like in-office fund raising and patronage hiring. "In the old tradition, you
raise the money. You get problems taken care of. There is an expectation of
loyalty. That's where it all starts."

Loyalty to Ryan was allegedly why one employee was told to stop looking into the
background of Ricardo Guzman. Guzman was the trucker involved in the 1994
accident that killed the six children of Duane and Janet Willis as the family
drove near Milwaukee. That allegation came out shortly before the election.

What had been a dry political story suddenly had bodies. As the 1998 election
approached, Democratic nominee Glenn Poshard ran a television ad showing the
charred remains of the Willises' van and implying that Guzman was improperly
licensed as part of the bribery ring.

The allegation was that Guzman couldn't speak English well enough to have
legitimately passed the test -- or to understand the warnings of passing drivers
that there was a piece of metal falling off his truck. It was the metal piece
that caused the accident.

Ryan called the ad "disgraceful" and claimed he was being unfairly "accused of
murder." Poshard was widely criticized.

Within a year, the federal investigation would establish that Guzman did, in
fact, get his license through a bribe that his supervisor paid to a Ryan
employee.

How far will arrests go?

The string of arrests and indictments continued through 1999. It culminated
earlier this month with the indictment of Dean Bauer, Ryan's longtime friend and
former aide.

Prosecutors say Bauer, whose job was to investigate wrongdoing in the secretary
of state's office, instead canceled or thwarted investigations he thought would
embarrass Ryan -- including an inquiry into the six accident deaths.

Ryan spokesman David Urbanek last week insisted that Ryan's political and
emotional health is stable. "You've all seen the governor out there. He's not
hiding, he's not ducking any events. He's not in any kind of bunker mentality."

Still, the scandal has arguably affected Ryan's administration. Once viewed as
the consummate deal-maker, he lost an internal GOP battle over the party's
chairmanship. He was rebuffed by lawmakers in his efforts to reinstate an
overturned gun control law. At every public appearance, he is deluged with
reporters' questions about the scandal.

Ominously, the public also seems to have taken an interest. "It's a topic of
discussion in the coffee shops," said state Rep. Dan Reitz, D-Steeleville.

Like other lawmakers in both parties, Reitz advises constituents to give Ryan
the benefit of the doubt. "It's hard at times to control everyone who's trying
to help you."

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             313 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            July 13, 2016 Wednesday

Five Current and Former Employees of Leading Proxy Solicitation Firm Charged
with Conspiring to Obtain Confidential Shareholder Voting Information

LENGTH: 1164  words


BOSTON  Five current and former employees of one of the nations leading proxy
solicitation firms were charged today with conspiring to bribe an employee of a
prominent proxy advisory firm to obtain confidential information about how the
advisory firms clients had voted on numerous shareholder proposals.

Donna M. Ackerly, 58, of Hopewell, N.J.; Charles W. Garske, 51, of Wayne, N.J.;
Richard J. Gottcent, 59, of Islip Terrance, N.Y.; Keith Haynes, 53, of New York,
N.Y.; and Michael Sedlak, 49, of Allentown, Pa., were charged in a criminal
complaint with one count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and honest services
wire fraud.  Ackerly, Gottcent, Haynes and Sedlak were arrested this morning and
will have their initial court appearances today in New Jersey, New York and
Pennsylvania.  Garske is expected to have his initial court appearance later
this week.  The defendants are scheduled to appear in U.S. District Court in
Boston before Magistrate Judge Marianne B. Bowler on Aug. 4, 2016.

It is alleged that from September 2007 to March 2012, the defendants conspired
to provide tickets to concerts and sporting events to Brian M. Bennett, formerly
known as Brian Zentmyer, an employee of one of the countrys leading proxy
advisory firms, in order to obtain information about whether and how the proxy
advisory firms clients had voted on particular shareholder proposals.  The
defendants are also charged with conspiring to defraud clients of their own
employer by billing them for at least a portion of the cost of the bribes
provided to Bennett, while falsely describing those charges as legitimate
expenses.

Bennett, currently of Mount Pleasant, S.C., pleaded guilty in July 2015 to one
count of conspiracy to commit wire fraud and honest services wire fraud.

Todays charges lay out in stark detail a practice by which senior employees of a
prominent firm allegedly used bribes as a business tool to obtain confidential
information to which they were not entitled, said U.S. Attorney Ortiz.  With
tickets to expensive concerts and sporting eventswhich, in some instances, they
billed to their own clients using falsified invoicesthe defendants are alleged
to have bought confidential shareholder data and voting information they could
not otherwise obtain.

"These defendants are charged with conspiring to use bribes to obtain
confidential information to gain an unfair business edge over their law-abiding
competitors," said Harold H. Shaw, Special Agent in Charge of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation, Boston Field Division.  "This investigation is another example
of the FBIs commitment to ensuring that nonpublic business information is
properly safeguarded, and not misused by individuals and third parties for their
own improper advantage."

Proxy advisory firms provide institutional investors with research, analysis and
recommendations concerning proposals subject to vote by shareholders in publicly
traded companies.  The firms may also engage in ancillary businesses, such as
helping clients cast their votes, also known as proxy ballots or proxies.  Proxy
solicitation firms, in turn, assist publicly traded companies in matters
requiring shareholder approval by attempting to gather information about
institutional investors holdings and the direction of their proxy votes.  This
information can help proxy solicitors and their clients determine whether
particular shareholder proposals are likely to pass or fail and can thus help to
shape their strategies for affecting the outcome of shareholder votes.

In the course of his work for the proxy advisory firm, Bennett had access to
non-public information concerning the firms clients, including information about
how many shares the clients held in particular publicly traded companies,
whether the clients had voted on particular shareholder proposals, and if so,
how they had voted.  Such information is typically confidential, and the proxy
advisory firms contracts with its clients required that the firm not disclose
this type of confidential information to third parties.  In addition, Bennett
was subject to the proxy advisory firms code of conduct, which prohibited
employees from accessing confidential information about the firms clients unless
necessary to perform their jobs, providing confidential client information to
third parties, and accepting gifts designed to induce an employee to act in a
manner inconsistent with the best interests of the firm.

According to the complaint affidavit, between September 2007 and March 2012,
Sedlak requested that Bennett provide him with non-public information about how
the proxy advisory firms clients had voted on numerous shareholder proposals.
In response to Sedlaks requests, Bennett allegedly accessed the proxy advisory
firms computer systems, often after-hours, to obtain the confidential,
client-specific information Sedlak sought.  Bennett then provided that
information to Sedlak.  Sedlak forwarded the confidential information to other
employees of the proxy solicitation firm, including Ackerly, Garske, Gottcent
and Haynes.  Ackerly, Garske and Haynes then allegedly provided it to the proxy
solicitation firms clients.

In exchange for the confidential information Bennett provided, it is alleged
that Sedlak gave Bennett tickets to concerts and sporting events in
Massachusetts and elsewhere, accounting for the tickets in expense reports he
then submitted to Gottcent and others, who allegedly approved them.  In several
instances, Sedlak allegedly sought and received permission from Ackerly, Garske
and Haynes to bill at least a portion of the cost of the tickets to clients of
the proxy solicitation firm.  In those instances, Ackerly, Garske and Haynes are
alleged to have provided Sedlak with the names of clients to bill, and to have
instructed the firms billing department to falsely describe those charges in
client invoices as courier services or other legitimate-sounding expenses.

The charging document alleges specific examples of confidential information
Sedlak obtained from Bennett, and the gifts Sedlak allegedly provided in
exchange.

The charging statute provides for a sentence of no greater than five years in
prison, three years of supervised release and a fine of $250,000 or twice the
gross gain or loss, whichever is greater.  Actual sentences for federal crimes
are typically less than the maximum penalties.  Sentences are imposed by a
federal district court judge based upon the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines and other
statutory factors.

United States Attorney Carmen M. Ortiz and Harold H. Shaw, Special Agent in
Charge of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Boston Field Division, made the
accouncement today.  The United States Attorneys Office has also received
valuable assistance from the Securities & Exchange Commission.  The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Sarah E. Walters and Stephen E.
Frank, Chief and Deputy Chief, respectively, of Ortizs Economic Crimes Unit.
2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             314 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             November 21, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

EX-U.S. OFFICIAL PLEADS GUILTY TO BRIBE-TAKING

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 5, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 398 words


The former deputy regional administrator of the General Services Administration
pleaded guilty yesterday to taking at least $50,000 in bribes from a company
that sold millions of dollars worth of envelopes to the Federal Government.

The former official, Edward H. Wyatt Jr., was arrested on a Manhattan street
last August after pocketing a $4,000 cash payoff received from a company
official at a meeting videotaped by Federal agents, prosecutors said. They said
the payment was the last of 25, totaling $64,000, that Mr. Wyatt had received
from the company since 1980.

After the arrest, the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New
York, Raymond J. Dearie, said the purpose of the payments had been to ''insure a
hassle-free relationship'' between the concern, the Commercial Envelope
Manufacturing Company of Deer Park, L.I., and the General Services
Administration.

No Questions Asked


The administration, among other functions, obtains supplies for other Federal
agencies. Mr. Dearie said the payments had been to assure that the company could
fulfill its contracts ''without any questions being raised'' about such matters
as ''the quality and quantity'' of the envelopes supplied.

Officers of the company have been cooperative in the investigation, and they and
the concern have not been charged in the case, said Andrew R. Jacobs, an
assistant United States Attorney.

Mr. Wyatt, a 52-year-old resident of Upper Montclair, N.J., pleaded guilty in
Federal District Court in Uniondale, L.I., to bribe-receiving. It is punishable
by up to 15 years in prison and a fine of up to triple the amount of the bribes.
He remains free pending sentencing Jan. 17.

'Genuinely Remorseful'


Mr. Wyatt told Judge Frank X. Altimari that because he did not keep records, he
did not know exactly how much he had received in bribes, but he acknowledged it
had been at least $50,000. Mr. Wyatt pleaded guilty to the most serious charge
against him after having waived his right to indictment by a grand jury.

Later, his lawyer, Stanley N. Lupkin, said that his client was ''genuinely
remorseful'' and that the swift plea was ''something he desired as, among other
things, an expression of remorse.'' Mr. Lupkin declined to comment on whether
Mr. Wyatt was cooperating with authorities in their continuing investigation
into the scope of the graft.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             315 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Former Head of Honduran Federation Pleads Guilty to Taking Bribes

BYLINE: By REBECCA R. RUIZ

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 564 words


Rafael Callejas, a former president of Honduras who was accused of taking bribes
in his role as president of that country's soccer federation, pleaded guilty on
Monday in the United States' world-soccer corruption case.

In federal court in Brooklyn, Mr. Callejas admitted he had solicited and
accepted bribes from businessmen who sought media and marketing rights to
matches played by the Honduran national team. Mr. Callejas paid much of that
bribe money forward, he said, to delegates of his country's soccer federation to
ensure his re-election.

Pleading guilty to wire fraud conspiracy and racketeering conspiracy -- each of
which can be punished by up to 20 years in prison -- Mr. Callejas became the
16th defendant convicted in the United States government's continuing case.

''I abused my position of trust and authority,'' Mr. Callejas, 72, told Judge
Robert M. Levy in United States District Court on Monday. ''I knew that it was
wrong for me to ask for and accept such undisclosed payments.''

Mr. Callejas spent 13 years as president of Fenafuth, the Honduran soccer
federation, after his four-year term as president of the Republic of Honduras in
the 1990s. At the time of his indictment last year, he was a member of the
marketing and television committee of FIFA, global soccer's governing body.
FIFA's leadership has been upended by the criminal case, which has implicated
dozens of soccer officials from around the world.

Wearing a dark suit and tie, Mr. Callejas said in court on Monday that he had
been ''frequently outside of the United States'' while engaging in the schemes
to which he confessed; he said, however, he understood that American banks had
been central to those schemes.

According to prosecutors, Mr. Callejas and a fellow defendant -- Alfredo Hawit
of Honduras, who has pleaded not guilty to similar charges -- accepted bribes in
connection with contracts for qualifying soccer matches for the 2014, 2018 and
2022 World Cup tournaments. From March 2011 to January 2013, at least $1.6
million in bribe money was wired from a Bank of America account in Miami to
various accounts in New York, Panama and Honduras.

As part of his guilty plea, Mr. Callejas agreed to forfeit $650,000 to the
United States, $180,000 of which is to be paid within a week. The balance will
be due within 12 months. He is scheduled to be sentenced on Aug. 5 and, until
then, will remain under house arrest in the United States, having been released
on a $4 million bond in December.

The Justice Department's case was announced in May, and a new round of charges
was unsealed in December. Of the 16 men charged in that second round, Mr.
Callejas is the first to plead guilty; other defendants remain in their home
countries, from Brazil to Panama, resisting efforts to bring them to Brooklyn to
answer to charges.

Mr. Callejas's plea may signal a willingness to cooperate with the authorities,
whose investigation is continuing, in hopes of a more lenient sentence. He and
his lawyer, Manuel J. Retureta, declined to comment as they left court.

Accepting the plea on Monday, Judge Levy complimented Mr. Callejas on the
''swooping signature'' that symbolized his acknowledgment of the terms of the
agreement, making for a nearly 40 percent conviction rate 10 months after the
government's FIFA case was announced.

''Is that your signature?'' the judge asked. ''I like it.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/29/sports/soccer/rafael-callejas-pleads-guilty-in
-fifa-case.html

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Rafael Callejas outside a federal courthouse in Brooklyn.
Callejas could face up to 20 years in prison on each of two counts. (PHOTOGRAPH
BY LUCAS JACKSON/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             316 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           February 9, 2006 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Ex-soldier pleads guilty to taking drug bribe

BYLINE: Jay F. Marks, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 175 words


A Lawton man confessed Wednesday to taking a $2,000 bribe to protect a shipment
of cocaine bound for Oklahoma City.

Ian Grant, a former military policeman, thought he was working for drug
traffickers, but it turned out the bribe came from undercover FBI agents,
according to court papers.

Grant is one of eight current and former soldiers at Fort Sill facing criminal
charges from the sting operation. All have pleaded guilty in federal court in
Oklahoma City, but no sentencing dates have been set.    Grant, 25, was a late
recruit to the operation that began in 2003 when a witness cooperating with the
FBI contacted five soldiers from Fort Sill, according to court papers.

The soldiers agreed to wear their military uniforms to help move cocaine from
Tucson, Ariz., to Las Vegas on Dec. 9, 2003, court papers state. Each was paid
for their efforts.

One of the men recruited additional soldiers from Fort Sill to participate in
three more trips in Oklahoma and Texas, according to court papers. Grant was
involved in the final trip on March 30, 2004.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             317 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 9, 1992, Thursday, Final Edition

4 Charged In Bribery Case at INS;
Suspects Allegedly Sold Work Permits

Carlos Sanchez, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 708 words


Three current employees and one former employee of the Arlington district office
of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization Service were arrested yesterday and
charged with accepting bribes and conspiring to defraud the government by
selling work permits to illegal immigrants.

The four, including the secretary to the chief of the political asylum unit,
were charged in a 45-count indictment unsealed yesterday with selling the work
permits for as much as $ 100 each, according to court papers filed in U.S.
District Court in Alexandria.

One of the employees was charged with receiving $ 32,000 in bribes.

All four were released yesterday on $ 10,000 personal recognizance bonds, an
official with the U.S. magistrate's court said. They are scheduled to be
arraigned in U.S. District Court at 9 a.m. Monday.

They all had worked at the same time as applications clerks in the examination
branch of the INS, according to court papers. It is in this section that
immigrants make applications and undergo interviews for immigration documents
that show they are in this country legally and can get work permits.

The Arlington district office serves immigrants in Washington and Virginia and
processes more than 50,000 work permits annually, making it one of the 10
busiest of the country's 35 district offices, INS officials said.

"The desires and pressures to immigrate into the United States have never been
greater," INS spokesman Duke Austin said. "Employees are frequently offered
bribes, but it is not widespread within the service," he said of the 18,000
people working for the INS.

According to testimony this year before the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, an
estimated 200,000 Salvadorans are living in the Washington area, but only 55,000
are here legally.

Austin said that changes made in 1987 to the immigration law, which impose
sanctions against employers who hire immigrants without proper documentation,
seem to be placing even more pressure on illegal immigrants to get work permits
any way they can.

The four indicted were: Shebra Johnson, 22, of Washington, who was charged with
23 counts of accepting bribes totaling $ 32,000; Saundra Thomas, 26, of
Arlington, charged with 14 counts of accepting more than $ 5,000 in bribes;
Sonia Wilkerson, 22, of Landover, charged with two counts of accepting an
unknown amount in bribes; and Agnes Monroe, 35, who left the INS in January and
is charged with 11 counts of accepting more than $ 15,000, according to court
papers.

The four women are charged with conspiring with Norberto and Ivette Escobar,
owners of Best Services, a visa consultant firm based in Arlington.

Norberto Escobar, 38, of Springfield, was arrested last month and charged with
illegally arranging for five immigrants living in New Jersey to get work permits
and Social Security cards for a total price of $ 8,500.

Ivette Escobar has not been charged in the case.

Typically, visa consultants advertise to help immigrants work through the INS
bureaucracy to apply for political asylum and obtain such things as work
authorization and other immigration documents.

But local lawyers long have complained that visa consultants are illegally
practicing law without licenses and frequently are inducing their clients --
many of whom entered the country illegally -- to commit fraud to obtain
documents.

Officials said the Escobar case alerted agents with the Justice Department's
Inspector General's Office that federal employees might be receiving bribes.

Escobar, who is free on $ 100,000 bond, is named in this week's indictment as a
conspirator in the bribery cases involving the four women.

From April 1991 until December 1991, Thomas and Johnson allegedly conspired to
sell work authorization permits for $ 75 to $ 100 apiece, the 22-page indictment
said.

According to the indictment, "aliens not eligible for immigration benefits under
the political asylum program administered by the INS" would be recruited and
promised immigration benefits for a fee.

Thomas and Johnson would get the names of the recruited aliens, the indictment
said, and would issue the work permit documents, often while in the company of
one of the Escobars.

Staff writer Robert F. Howe contributed to this report.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             318 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

Former Mexico border state official indicted in US

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 383 words


BROWNSVILLE, Texas (AP) U.S. prosecutors in Texas announced Monday that they've
charged the former governor of the Mexican state of Tamaulipas for allegedly
accepting bribes from a drug cartel and taking part in drug trafficking.

An indictment unsealed Monday in South Texas against Tomas Yarrington Ruvalcaba
charges him with money laundering and racketeering, among other things.
Yarrington was governor of Tamaulipas, along the U.S. border, from 1999 to 2004
and served in Mexico's congress.

Yarrington's layer, Joel Androphy said he and his client are surprised that the
U.S. government "would stoop so low and charge a former governor with false
accusations by whomever testified to support the indictment."

Prosecutors say Yarrington, 56, received millions of dollars in bribes since
1998 from the Gulf Cartel and in return allowed traffickers to bring large
amounts of cocaine into the U.S. The payments started when he was a candidate
for governor of Tamaulipas and continued after the end of his tenure in December
2004, according to the indictment.

The indictment also alleges that from 2007 to 2009, Yarrington became involved
in drug trafficking.

Prosecutors also allege that Yarrington collected bribes from commercial
operations and was involved in the acquisition of valuable assets in the U.S.,
such as bank accounts and residences. The indictment says that toward the end of
his stint as governor, Yarrington acquired stolen public funds that were later
used to buy a private jet.

Another man who was indicted with Yarrington, Fernando Cano Martinez, is accused
of paying bribes to Yarrington in exchange of public works contracts. One way he
would pay bribes is by purchasing real estate for Yarrington using front names.

Neither Cano nor Yarrington are custody and are being sought by authorities. No
attorney was listed for Cano.

Asked if Yarrington would come to the U.S. to face the charges, Androphy said
the only reason Yarrinton left the U.S. is because of his visa status.

"He is not hiding and has never been hiding," said Androphy.

This indictment follows another against two former Mexican government officials
on money laundering charges unsealed last week in Corpus Christi. Those two
officials are accused of moving embezzled funds from Mexico into U.S. banks and
then offshore.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             319 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            April 3, 2013 Wednesday

Senator arrested in alleged mayor race plot

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 951 words


A New York state lawmaker was arrested Tuesday along with several other
politicians in an alleged plot to bribe his way into the race for mayor of New
York City.

Democratic state Sen. Malcolm Smith tried to pay off some of New York City"s
Republican party bosses to get himself on the ballot as a GOP candidate, federal
authorities said.

"The complaint describes an unappetizing smorgasbord of graft and greed
involving six officials who together built a corridor of corruption stretching
from Queens and the Bronx to Rockland County and all the way up to Albany
itself," U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said.

Republican New York City Councilman Dan Halloran and four other political
figures also were charged.

Smith, 56, "tried to bribe his way to a shot at Gracie Mansion," Bharara said in
a statement, referring to the official mayor"s residence. "Smith drew up the
game plan and Councilman Halloran essentially quarterbacked that drive by
finding party chairmen who were wide open to receiving bribes."

In meetings with a cooperating witness and an undercover FBI agent posing as a
wealthy real estate developer, Smith agreed to bribe leaders of Republican Party
county committees around New York City in an attempt to run for mayor as a
Republican, even though he was a registered Democrat, a criminal complaint said.

Also charged are: Bronx County Republican Party Chairman Joseph Savino, 45;
Queens County Republican Party Vice Chairman Vincent Tabone, 46; Spring Valley
Mayor Noramie Jasmin, 49; and Spring Valley Deputy Mayor Joseph Desmaret, 55. If
convicted of conspiracy, wire fraud and violation of the Hobbs Act, Smith could
face up to 45 years in prison. Charges of conspiracy and two counts of wire
fraud against Halloran carry the same potential penalty. Tabone and Savino were
each charged with conspiracy and wire fraud, which carry up to 25 years in
prison upon conviction. Jasmin and Desmaret were charged with mail fraud, which
carries a potential penalty of 20 years in prison.

In exchange for payments to Savino and Tabone, Smith agreed to use his power as
a senator to help obtain state funds for a road project in Spring Valley, a
village of 30,000 residents in Rockland County outside New York City. That, in
turn, was to benefit a real estate project that Smith believed was being built
by the undercover agent"s company in Spring Valley, the complaint alleged.

Charges in the case include bribery, extortion, and wire and mail fraud, Bharara
said.

Smith said in a statement that he"ll be vindicated, and his lawyer, Gerald L.
Shargel, said his client denies wrongdoing.

"Malcolm Smith is a dedicated public servant who has served both the state of
New York and his constituents in an exemplary fashion," Shargel said. "He
steadfastly denies the allegations that are contained in the complaint."

Representatives for the other politicians did not immediately respond to comment
requests.

In court papers, the FBI detailed meetings aimed at benefiting Smith that began
in November and recounted numerous meetings among the defendants, the undercover
FBI agent and the cooperating witness, who pleaded guilty to federal charges
last month in a deal aimed at winning leniency at sentencing.

In a Jan. 25 meeting in Smith"s car in Rockland County, the cooperating witness
told Smith that buying the help of Republican county committee leaders would
cost "a pretty penny" and asked if it"s "worth any price," the complaint said.
The FBI said Smith responded: "Look, talk to me before you close it. But it"s
worth it. Because you know how big a deal it is."

The court papers also portrayed Halloran as critical to the plans.

In one conversation, the FBI said, Halloran was soliciting funding for his
congressional campaign in September when he agreed to hire someone of the
cooperating witness"s choosing for a congressional staff position in return for
a cash contribution, saying: "That"s politics, that"s politics, it"s all about
how much. Not about whether or will, it"s about how much, and that"s our
politicians in New York, they"re all like that, all like that. And they get like
that because of the drive that the money does for everything else. You can"t do
anything without the ... money."

Smith, first elected to the Senate in 2000, has served as minority and majority
leader, as well as president pro tempore and acting lieutenant governor. He
serves on the state Senate"s transportation committee and is vice chairman of
its finance committee.

As the government described it, he was central to the conspiracy.

An effort by Smith to run as a Republican is not unprecedented. Mayor Michael
Bloomberg switched from the Democratic to Republican parties shortly before his
first successful run for mayor in 2001. The path is attractive to candidates
because it is easier to get on the ballot for the Republican mayoral primary in
a city crowded with Democratic politicians.

Smith, however, could not run as a Republican without the written consent of
three of the city"s five Republican Party county chairmen, who were scheduled to
meet on Wednesday.

Gov. Andrew Cuomo, speaking at an event in Buffalo Tuesday morning, called the
arrests "very, very troubling."

"We have zero tolerance for any violation of the public integrity and the public
trust," Cuomo said.

New York Republican Chairman Ed Cox called the arrests "deeply concerning."

"The integrity of the electoral process for the voters of New York City must be
preserved," Cox said in a statement.

One candidate for mayor, billionaire businessman John Catsimatidis, said the
arrests "point to a culture of corruption that permeates our city and state,
corruption fueled by career politicians who put personal advancement before
public service."

- AP

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             320 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 18, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Ex-Prosecutor Seized Again in Connecticut

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section 1; Page 33, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 178 words

DATELINE: WATERBURY, Conn., May 17


For the second time in five weeks, a former assistant state's attorney has been
arrested and charged with receiving bribes.

The former official, Arthur M. McDonald, 66 years old, was charged today with 16
counts of bribe-receiving, one count of conspiracy to commit bribe-receiving and
one count of attempted bribe-receiving, according to Adam Berluti, a spokesman
for the state police.

On April 16, Mr. McDonald, who retired in January, was charged with four counts
of bribe-receiving and one count of conspiracy to tamper with a witness. He has
pleaded not guilty to those charges and was scheduled for a pretrial appearance
in Superior Court here on May 29.

Mr. McDonald's attorney, Timothy C. Moynahan, declined to comment on the arrest.
He said, however, that he intended to pursue a motion accusing the state police
and prosecutors of damaging his client's right to a fair trial.

The state police said informants had told them that Mr. McDonald had accepted
bribes to fix cases, had accepted illegal gifts of food and liquor and had made
illegal bets.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             321 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

CORRUPT TO THE CORE 50 in building bribe bust Dangers ignored $450G in loot; 156
sites tainted

BYLINE: BY ERIK BADIA, EDGAR SANDOVAL and GREG B. SMITH NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1077 words


IT ALL STARTED with a tip about an inspector on the take, and spread like a
cancer across the boroughs to reveal an unseemly culture of corruption in the
city's oversight of construction.

On Tuesday, a two-year city Department of Investigation probe came to an end
with bribery charges filed against 50 defendants, including 16 city inspectors,
plus a host of property managers and owners, "expediters," contractors and an
engineer.

All told, 156 buildings - across Brooklyn, in Harlem and Midtown and all the way
to Flushing, Queens - were involved, with $450,000 in bribes paid and 49 of 50
defendants in custody.

The 26 indictments filed by Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. lay out
a stunning portrait of greed in which developers bought off inspectors to
overlook code violations and speed their developments to completion.

DOI Commissioner Mark Peters said the investigation was "stunning for the sheer
breadth of those charged and the extent to which the corruption infested our
city institutions." Peters said dozens of overlooked violations were
"potentially endangering the safety of New Yorkers," and noted that the city had
to go back and check all the tainted buildings to make sure they're safe.

Vance said the arrests make clear this type of corruption always seems to
increase as the housing market heats up. "Today's cases demonstrate that the
same surging demand that drives the pace of development can inspire the taking
of shortcuts - and the taking of bribes," he said.

The Buildings Department approves all new construction and major renovation work
in the city, and inspectors have enormous sway over the pace of a project. A
rejection can bring a development to a halt, which in turn costs builders big
bucks.

To get around this potential problem, both parties came to a special give-to-get
arrangement that ensured smooth construction with no speed bumps, prosecutors
say.

The worst offender appeared to be Gordon Holder, chief of development for the
Buildings Department's Brooklyn office, according to sources familiar with the
investigation. Holder, who resigned in November, wasn't identified but was
secretly charged and is apparently cooperating, sources told the News.

Investigators say Holder and his wife, Janelle Daly, who was also arrested, had
a longstanding corrupt arrangement with David Weiszer, 65, an "expediter" hired
by Brooklyn developers.

Weiszer allegedly made $200,000 in mortgage payments for Holder, bought the
couple a Nissan Rogue SUV and a GMC Terrain SUV, sent them on an $8,000 Royal
Caribbean cruise, and funded renovations to their three-bedroom red-brick
suburban home in Allentown, Pa.

Weiszer, who is now on the lam, eventually moved across the street from Holder's
home and drove him to work in the city most days, a four-hour round-trip
commute.

In exchange, Holder allegedly used his position as a top supervisor and worked
with a corrupt Buildings Department inspector, Artan Mujko, to ensure Weiszer's
developer customers got what they wanted from the department.

Last fall, for example, a developer decided to add two stories to a synagogue
building in Borough Park, Brooklyn, that couldn't support it. Nevertheless,
Mujko green-lighted the project.

Tipped off, DOI checked the building and found cracks running down an exterior
wall. The city deemed it structurally unsafe and halted construction.

Other inspectors took a wide range of bribes ranging from payments for their
children's tuition to tropical vacations to a paltry $600 payoff.

One supervisor, Derek St. Rose, told a developer he could avoid violations on
his illegal hotel in Flushing by keeping inspectors from gaining access there,
prosecutors said. He also gave up the name of the complainant who'd called the
Buildings Department. The developer paid a visit to the complainant's apartment
and "harassed the complainant."

Bribe-givers also bought off Housing Preservation and Development inspectors who
were supposed to make sure landlords maintain safe conditions for tenants.

Housing Department inspectors Luis Soto and Oliver Ortiz, prosecutors say,
drafted fake evacuation notices to try to force tenants out of a building the
owner was trying to sell in rapidly gentrifying Bushwick. DOI learned of the
scam and prevented the eviction.

Across the East River in Manhattan, Donald O'Connor, the buildings department
chief of development for the borough, took bribes from an engineer, a bar owner
and a developer for, among other things, alerting them to undercover visits by
his own inspectors, prosecutors say.

One particularly brazen alleged bribe-taker, Buildings Department supervisory
inspector Wilson Garcia, got a Puerto Rico vacation from one developer to alert
him to pending audits. DOI and NYPD investigators say they recovered cocaine and
illegal guns while searching his home and car.

The investigation began two years ago with a clean buildings inspector who was
offered a bribe and turned in the bribe-giver. From there, investigators checked
text messages and inspection records and discovered an alarming pattern of
questionable inspections by the same inspectors.

Over two years investigators wiretapped conversations and surveilled inspectors,
finding multiple unrelated schemes - an indication of how pervasive bribe-taking
was. One scam even involved an alleged associate of the Bonanno crime family,
prosecutors say.

The Housing Department probe began a year ago with a routine audit that
indicated inspectors were signing off as remedied on violations that were still
in place.

Early Tuesday the defendants were told to report to the 1st Precinct in Tribeca.
The parade of suspects began as dawn broke and a slight snow fell. There were so
many they had to be loaded into four vans.

The suspects said nothing as they passed reporters. Most lowered their heads and
tried to cover their faces with coats as they were taken to court, where bribery
charges were filed against them Tuesday afternoon.

On Tuesday, Department of Buildings Commissioner Rick Chandler said all the
tainted buildings have been checked and shut down or deemed safe. "I'm outraged
at what this investigation has uncovered," Chandler said. "These accused
individuals put their own enrichment ahead of their duty and moral obligation to
keep New Yorkers safe."

Housing Commissioner Vicki Been added, "There is no room at (the department) for
corruption or bribery, and no tolerance for individuals who would abuse their
position." gsmith@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GIFTS THAT KEEP ON GIVING HOUSES: House of David Weiszer (near r.), who
allegedly paid mortgage on home of Gordon Holder and Janelle Daly (far r.) in
Allentown, Pa. CARS: Weiszer allegedly bought Holder and Daly Nisson Rogue (l.)
and GMC Terrain (r.) CRUISES: Weiszer sent Holder and Daly on $8,000 Royal
Caribbean Explorer cruise, according to charges. PLANE TICKETS: Other inspectors
got cash or paid travel, the investigations revealed. CASH Arrests (left and
above) began early in the morning and arraignments (top) continued later Tuesday
as 49 of 50 defendants were in custody in bribery probe. PHOTOS BY JEFFERSON
SIEGEL/DAILY NEWS; CHRIS POST; GREGG VIGLIOTTI; AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             322 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 10, 2007 Thursday

OSCAR NATHAN TAYLOR JR.: 1925-2007;
He was elected to first City Council after consolidation;
A scandal left a sense of disappointment that clouded his life.

BYLINE: CHARLIE PATTON

SECTION: Pg. B-3

LENGTH: 471 words


Oscar Nathan Taylor Jr., who in 1967 became one of four African-Americans
elected to the first City Council of the newly consolidated city of
Jacksonville, died Tuesday of heart failure. He was 82.

Two years into his council term, Mr. Taylor was embroiled in scandal, accused of
accepting bribes to influence zoning cases. Eventually he admitted in court that
he had taken two bribes totaling $1,100. His lawyer argued at trial that Mr.
Taylor was set up in a government sting and that he had not solicited bribes but
was talked into accepting them.

Facing a possible five-year prison term, Mr. Taylor was sent to jail for 90 days
by Judge Warren A. Nelson, who said the humiliation of arrest and trial had been
sufficient punishment for Mr. Taylor's crime but that some time in jail would
serve as an important symbol.

After he emerged from jail, a sense of disappointment hung over the rest of Mr.
Taylor's life, said his daughter, Charlene Taylor Hill, executive director of
Jacksonville's Human Rights Commission.

"He never got the chance to do the things he wanted to do," she said.

Still, a sense of pride lingered. In a 2003 interview with the Times-Union, he
cited his election and his daughter's job as signs that racial progress had
occurred.

In that same interview, he described how in 1963, while working as a passenger
sales representative for the Atlantic Coast Line Railroad, he helped organize a
Freedom Train that carried hundreds of people from Florida to Washington for the
March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.

That event, which drew more than 250,000 people to the Washington mall on Aug.
28, 1963, is remembered today as the occasion of Martin Luther King Jr.'s "I
have a dream" speech.

"It had a gut-wrenching effect on me," Mr. Taylor said.

Born in Jacksonville, Mr. Taylor never finished high school, quitting to go to
work and support his family in 1939 after his father died.

He served in World War II, then worked for the railroad, first as a dining car
waiter and later as a sales representative. He also briefly operated a dry
cleaning store.

In later years, he ran a seafood market, his daughter said. After retirement, he
worked as a school crossing guard.

Mr. Taylor's ultimate legacy, his daughter said, may have been the inspiration
he gave to younger African-Americans to seek public office.

He is also survived by his wife, Mildred Brayboy Taylor; two other children,
Violet Parrish of Fresno, Calif., and Robert Robinson of San Diego; three
stepchildren; and six brothers and sisters.

Services will be at 11 a.m. Saturday at St. Stephen AME Church, 913 W. Fifth
St., with interment to follow at Edgewood Cemetery. Visitation will be Friday
from 6 to 8 p.m. at the James Graham Mortuary, 3631 Moncrief Road and Saturday
from 9:30 to 11 a.m. at the church.

charlie.patton@jacksonville.com (904) 359-4413

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 The Florida Times-Union


                             323 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

New York: New York City Official Sentenced In Manhattan Federal Court For Food
Stamp Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  Preet Bharara, United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that HARRY FLETCHER was sentenced yesterday in Manhattan federal court
to 36 months in prison for taking more than $20,000 in bribes in exchange for
awarding more than $240,000 in food stamp benefits.  FLETCHER, a former official
of the New York City Human Resources Administration ("HRA"), was sentenced by
U.S. District Judge Kevin T. Duffy.  FLETCHER pled guilty in April 2016 to one
count of soliciting and accepting bribes from various persons in exchange for
enabling those persons to receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistant Program
("SNAP," formerly known as Food Stamps) benefits for which they were not
eligible.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Bharara said:  "As he admitted in court, Harry Fletcher
set up a scheme to receive bribes for providing illegitimate benefits.  By doing
so, he didn't just take advantage of New York City's social services system, he
abused some of the neediest and least fortunate in the City."



 According to the allegations in the Complaint and other documents, and
statements made in Manhattan federal court:



 The HRA provides temporary help to individuals and families with social service
and economic needs to assist them in reaching self-sufficiency.  Its services
include, among other things, providing food stamps to low-income families and
individuals.  Although the food stamp program is administered locally through
HRA, SNAP benefits are funded entirely by the federal government.  To apply for
SNAP benefits, an applicant must complete and sign an application form listing,
among other things, the applicant's income and financial assets.  HRA
Eligibility Specialists such as FLETCHER are supposed to interview SNAP program
applicants and review applicant documentation in order to determine if the
applicant is eligible to receive SNAP benefits.



 Beginning in 2009, FLETCHER approached two landlords, who are referred to in
the Complaint as CW-1 and CW-2, and who have pled guilty and are cooperating
with the Government, and offered to provide CW-1 and CW-2 with monthly SNAP
benefits in return for recurring bribe payments.  CW-1 and CW-2 agreed to pay
the bribes and, as a result, received tens of thousands of dollars of SNAP
benefits for which they were not eligible from 2009 through 2015.  CW-1 and CW-2
then recruited other individuals to the scheme, each of whom obtained monthly
SNAP benefits arranged by FLETCHER, without regard to whether the applicant
qualified for such benefits, in return for continued bribes.  In total, FLETCHER
accepted over $20,000 in bribes for improperly approving over $240,000 in SNAP
benefits to CW-1, CW-2, and the remaining defendants.  The applicants bribing
FLETCHER were ineligible for SNAP benefits due to their income or to the fact
that they did not reside in New York City and thus were not eligible for New
York City social service programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             324 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Small Business column

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 27, 2012 Thursday

Palo Alto attorney who tried to bribe police officer gets jail time

BYLINE: Aaron Kinney, San Mateo County Times, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 322 words


Dec. 27--REDWOOD CITY -- A Palo Alto patent attorney was sentenced Thursday to
eight months in jail for trying to bribe a police officer who pulled him over
while he was driving under the influence.

A San Mateo County Superior Court judge also ordered Richard Chae, 39, to pay
$2,331 in fines and serve three years of probation, said District Attorney Steve
Wagstaffe. The judge revoked Chae's driver's license for three years.

"We were able to get him the justice he deserved," Wagstaffe said. "He will
spend New Year's Eve doing his eight months."

Chae was pulled over at 2:40 a.m. on Feb. 26, 2010, in Colma. He registered 0.13
on a blood-alcohol test, above the legal limit of 0.08, according to police. The
officer claimed Chae offered bribes of $900, then $5,000 and finally $35,000 in
return for letting him go.

A jury found Chae guilty in 2011 of two misdemeanor charges of driving under the
influence but hung on the felony bribery allegation. The DA's office retried the
bribery charge and secured a conviction in June.

Chae has denied offering bribes, claiming the officer misunderstood him,
Wagstaffe said. Chae's attorney, Paul Demeester, did not return a call seeking
comment Thursday.

Wagstaffe said Chae has been convicted of three DUIs in the past decade. On the
night he was arrested in 2010, officers determined he was carrying $1,055 in
cash and $135 in chips from Lucky Chances Casino, a Colma card room.

The State Bar in

October suspended Chae's license to practice law based upon the bribery
conviction, which the bar deemed an act of moral turpitude.

Chae will serve just four months of his sentence if he exhibits good behavior in
jail, Wagstaffe said.

Contact Aaron Kinney at 650-348-4357. Follow him at Twitter.com/kinneytimes.

___ (c)2012 the San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) Visit the San Mateo
County Times (San Mateo, Calif.) at www.mercurynews.com/san-mateo-county
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121227-SM-Palo-Alto-attorney-who-tried-to-bribe
-police-officer-gets-jail-time-1227-20121227

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SM


                      Copyright 2012 Small Business column


                             325 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 28, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Many Builders Say Inspectors Expect Bribes

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1749 words


The bribing of city inspectors to obtain approval to occupy new or completely
renovated apartment buildings is widespread in New York, developers and
contractors say.

Sometimes inspectors take money in return for overlooking construction problems
in a building, 16 contractors, developers and architects said in separate
interviews.

More often, they said, builders pay bribes simply to avoid time-consuming delays
that can cost tens of thousands of dollars in additional financing, lost
revenues and related expenses. The builders said inspectors were commonly paid
to push forward the paper work and physical inspections needed to obtain the
critical final city approval, a certificate of occupancy. The certificate
signifies that construction has been completed and enables an owner to let
tenants move in.

'The More Weapons They Have'

"If you are a contractor playing it straight, you can have a hard time getting
things done," a housing developer said. "When you help move the process along
financially, you don't avoid the legal requirements. But at least you move the
process along."

A contractor, who acknowledged that he had paid bribes to avoid inspectors'
delays, said: "The layers of rules and regulations just breeds this kind of
response. The more things are open to interpretation, the more weapons they have
to stymie you."

Those builders, like nearly all of those interviewed, spoke only on the
condition of anonymity. They said they feared that if they were identified,
inspectors would retaliate by withholding approvals on current and future
projects.

Those who conceded that they had paid bribes or paid people to pay bribes were
unwilling to say so publicly because those are crimes.

Four Months for a Certificate

City officials said that some inspectors did accept bribes, but that corruption
was not nearly as pervasive as most people in the housing industry believed.

An experienced developer in Manhattan, Norman Segal, said it took him four
months to obtain a certificate of occupancy after his crews had reconstructed an
abandoned six-story apartment building in Harlem last June. It usually takes
four to six weeks for the certificate, many developers and contractors said. Mr.
Segal said that he would not pay bribes and that he suspected that was why the
approval took so long. He added that no inspector directly solicited a bribe,
but that he thought inspectors' actions demonstrated that they were punishing
him for having failed to offer money.

There were no major problems in his building, at 241 West 113th Street, Mr.
Segal contended. The reconstruction was financed largely by the city to create
subsidized housing affordable for working people.

Responding to the broader questions raised by Mr. Segal and the other
developers, contractors and architects, Buildings Commissioner Rudolph J.
Rinaldi said some corruption undoubtedly existed. But he also said it was not as
pervasive as many people thought.

"Most of the people are honest," Mr. Rinaldi said of his department's 300
inspectors. Sixty-two examine basic construction. The rest conduct more
specialized inspections, like those for plumbing or electricity.

'To Encourage You to Offer'

The final approval for his building was held up, Mr. Segal said, by a series of
bureaucratic obstacles, including many missed appointments and paper work that
was lost by inspectors, and the continual raising of minor objections after
previous objections had been satisfied.

"The problem is that the system is administered by the supervisors to encourage
you to offer money," Mr. Segal said. "The regulations are used only to prevent
you from doing something, not to expedite it."

Mr. Segal said the delays cost him $40,000 in lost rentals. It undoubtedly would
have been cheaper, he said, to have paid a bribe. He said he did not know how
much he would have had to pay for his relatively small building, which has 24
apartments.

'City Spent a Fortune'

"But the larger issue," Mr. Segal said, "is it was three or four months that
people couldn't live in the building, a building that the city spent a fortune
to rebuild."

In essence, he contended, building inspectors temporarily sabotaged a part of
the ambitious program created by another municipal agency, the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development.

The housing department spent $43,000 an apartment for the renovation under a
$5.1 billion 12-year housing program. Mr. Segal paid the rest of the cost, which
came to $65,000 an apartment altogether, financing most of it. Tenants are drawn
from a lottery, and they have to be low- and moderate-income New Yorkers.

Mr. Rinaldi called Mr. Segal's case "a strange one." After his top aides
reviewed the department's files on the building, Mr. Rinaldi said he concluded
that much of the delay was the developer's fault.

Several safety issues had to be resolved before the building could be occupied,
the Commissioner said. On three occasions between last July and October, he
said, inspectors issued objections about the fire escapes at the building. The
rear escape had been removed, Mr. Rinaldi said, and a new escape was added on
the side of the building in October.

Question of the Original Plan

The changes required amendments to the approved architectural plan, Mr. Rinaldi
added, making it more difficult for Mr. Segal to obtain the final approval. If
the developer had wanted swift approval, he should not have altered his plan,
Mr. Rinaldi said.

But Mr. Segal said the Commissioner was mistaken. The original plan, approved by
the Buildings Department, called for the removal of the rear escape and the new
one on the side, he said. There was no reason for the inspectors to issue
objections, because there was no problem with the escape, he said.

"None of their explanations are really plausible," Mr. Segal said.

Fewer Than 10 Arrested

Federal, state and city law-enforcement agencies have been investigating the
inspectors for two years trying to find bribe takers, he said, adding that fewer
than 10 had been arrested.

"There is something going on, but it is not as prevalent as everyone thinks,"
Mr. Rinaldi said.

He said he had repeatedly made it clear that he would not tolerate inspectors'
accepting bribes. Inspectors are rotated, to make it more diffcult for build up
familiarity with contractors. Appointments for inspections, which used to be
made by the inspectors, who could reward friends, are now made solely by clerks.

Mr. Rinaldi said he had told the inspectors that undercover employees of the
Building Department would offer them bribes. "The word is entrap," he said. "We
told them, 'We have people in the department who are going to offer you money.'
"

Acceptance of $5

The money was offered a few times and declined, the Commissioner said. But
within two weeks of the initial warning, an inspector accepted $5 from an
undercover worker and was discharged.

"Has this kind of thing happened in the past?" a deputy commissioner, Stewart D.
O'Brien, asked. "Unfortunately yes. Has it continued? Unfortunately yes."

Contractors, developers and architects contended, though, that bribe-taking
continued to be common. "Some inspectors are always looking for it, and some
aren't," a contractor said. "It's pretty blatant."

Obtaining a certificate of occupancy is critical in development. Contractors can
usually collect their remaining fees and free up letters of credit only after
obtaining final approvals. Developers can begin charging rent and gain long-term
financing only after they are granted.

The certificate's financial significance gives inspectors enormous leverage.
Builders also said the complexity of the Building Code gave inspectors wide
latitude in granting final approvals.

Hand Signals and Code Words

Many contractors and developers said that a bribe was usually just part of the
cost of doing business in New York and that it was less expensive than the cost
of a delay in obtaining a final approval. No one was willing to detail the size
of a typical bribe.

"It's much cheaper to pay it, and they know it," said a contractor with wide
experience in the city.

Inspectors never directly solicit a bribe, contractors and developers said. They
use hand signals or code words to indicate their intentions. The contractors,
including some who said they had paid bribes, declined to describe the signals
and code words.

A person familiar with construction and development said a contractor had
recently told him this account: Eager to obtain final approval on a building,
the contractor was sent by an inspector to see his supervisor. The contractor
met the supervisor in the official's office, where the supervisor shook hands
and identified himself as "Mr. Green." The contractor was confused, because that
was not the name listed on the office door. Then he realized that the supervisor
was not identifying himself but was describing the desired form of payment --
cash.

Major Cases Six Year Ago

Accusations that inspectors use their economic leverage to elicit bribes are not
new. In 1984, in separate undercover sting operations, city and Federal
officials arrested 10 water and sewer inspectors, 12 electrical inspectors and 2
supervisors in bribery cases.

The officials said then that they were amazed how pervasive the corruption
appeared to be. They also said new law-enforcement techniques, including
undercover operations, offered hope of altering long-entrenched patterns of
corruption.

But contractors and developers asserted that the patterns have continued. Some
practices have become more subtle, they said, in part because of fears of being
caught.

Payment is never made if more than two people are present, contractors and
developers said, and usually the person handing over the money has to be well
known to the inspector. Sometimes an intermediary, a consultant called an
expediter, passes the money to an inspector, many builders said.

"We hire expediters, which is a legal way of paying someone to pay someone," a
developer said. "That's the difference between getting it done and not getting
it done."

"All I know is that we when hire expediters who are well known down there," he
said, referring to the Buildings Department, "it gets done, usually in
extraordinary time. And when we don't, things go much more slowly. Appointments
get missed, and new objections are constantly raised."

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                             326 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            November 26, 2007 Monday

Chevron bribe case should be pursued by AG

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: OPINION; Letters

LENGTH: 1273 words


Your front page Nov. 15 AP story indicates Chevron was fined $30 million by the
SEC for bribing Saddams's thugs in the "oil for food" deal and that Chevron may
face tax evasion charges later. The bribes were in the millions so someone
pretty high up at Chevron had to sign off on the payments.

Unfortunately, the AP story did not mention Dr. Condoleezza Rice, the Chevron
board member and the chairwoman of its "Public Policy Committee," which is
responsible for making sure this kind of activity does not happen.

The Chevron Web site says the committee's purposes include "identifying,
evaluating and monitoring social, political and environmental trends, issues and
concerns," "analyzing how public policy trends could impact business activities
and performance."

Rice never discussed the Iraqi bribes on the record (not in the minutes) at
company meetings. That should not surprise anyone who is familiar with her lack
of response to 9/11 warnings.

President Clinton put sanctions on Iraq. Actions by Chevron and Rice clearly
violated those sanctions and amount to treason.

I urge our new Attorney General Michael Mukasey and California Attorney General
Jerry Brown to determine who at Chevron authorized the millions in bribes.

Ellis Goldberg

Danville

Paranoid

A letter writer states the death or injury of members of our armed forces is the
fault of themselves or their families and others that encourage them to join the
military.

He claims that FDR caused Pearl Harbor as a means for World War II involvement.
He is allowed to submit numerous letters that get printed by the Times, most of
which are beyond the pale but this latest one substantiates him as a true wacko.

I believe in free speech but this guy is way off base.

Al Rosso

Danville

Keep largest park!

Pleasanton voters, beware! A group of disgruntled residents are out gathering
signatures to subvert years of public planning for Pleasanton's newly approved
496 acre Oak Grove park. Don't be fooled -- separate fact from fiction before
signing any petitions.

Fact: If referended, the city will have to give back the 496-acre park. There
will be no public access, no multiuse trails and no regional link connecting
Shadow Cliffs with Callippe Preserve.

Fact: We lose the permanent open space along our southern border that Oak Grove
affords. With no easement permanently protecting this open space, the door opens
for future development and traffic, and puts more oak trees and stream beds back
at risk.

Fact: Instead of 51 homes, the property reverts back to the 98 homes for which
it's zoned.

Fact: We've got control of the home-design process. In spite of the doctored
photos you may have seen, no homes have yet been approved! In fact, the review
process is similar to that of the homes at Kottinger Ranch, with the opportunity
for public input on all 51 homes.

Fact: Four out of five City Council members, the majority of our Planning
Commission, almost all of our Parks and Recreation Commission, several of our
School Board members and many of our Housing commissioners and Trails ad hoc
committee members all strongly support this project.

Why? Because it's an extraordinary deal for Pleasanton!

Please make an informed decision -- decline to sign the petitions. If you've
already signed and would like to remove your name, visit
http://www.keepourpark.org .

Eric "Otis" Nostrand

Pleasanton

Peaceful Solutions

A letter writer's complaint that "It's difficult to get the truth published in
this ominous time ..." has been proven false by the very fact that the Times has
published his letter on Nov. 16.

As a Navy veteran of World War II and the Army during the Korean War period, my
fellow veterans are more concerned about what he thinks of our country rather
than what he thinks of us.

He writes that our country has simply failed to arrive at a solution of
differences by peaceful means.

Whose peaceful means? Adolf Hitler's? He who invaded Czechoslovakia in March
1939 just after signing the Anglo-German Naval Agreement with Neville
Chamberlain (September 1938) who obviously was a proponent of arriving at
solutions of differences by peaceful means.

"Dictator" (the writer's word) Democratic President FDR was obviously trying to
peacefully solve our problems with Japan, which was cooperating by having their
bombers on the way to Pearl Harbor while their Ambassador was meeting with our
Secretary of State on Dec. 7.

Oh, the writer is right, we must solve the "paranoid" threat to our homeland by
peacefully negotiating with terrorists before they take over our passenger
planes.

Leo Walker

Pleasanton

Government torture

Recently our esteemed senator voted with the Republicans for a person who is
confused on how to define torture.

I thought I would offer this definition, to explain, how human beings,
especially persons elected or appointed, could in the course of their
deliberations, allow America to be committed to deliberate atrocities
perpetrated against another human being.

It is: (all words in parenthesis are mine)

Definitions of torture (from the Web)

A form of play that involves intense sensation (Drowning).

This is not necessarily pain (at first). It is usually directed toward a single
part of the body (head: breathing: nose). Teasing, (style in which it is
conducted) which is started then stopped as a particular attention (lowering the
blinded, elevated and angled, person into the tub of water), (this) may be
considered torture. http://www.grimesgrafix.com/welts/glossary.html .

As you can see both our senator and attorney general think it's a form of play.

Garrett Romain

Dublin

Just opposing Bush

After reading the published comments in the Saturday Forum on contractors in
Iraq, I would be willing to wager none of the writers know anyone who is in Iraq
on a contract, have been in the military, and may not even know anyone in the
military.

The published letters look much like a rewrite of a Nancy Pelosi speech. As long
as it is opposed to the Bush administration, it must be right.

Interestingly, those same people who discount any progress in Iraq, and hold the
government of Iraq in disdain, readily accept the story promoted by the
government of Iraq about "civilians" being killed by Blackwater contractors?

I have not been in Iraq, but I have many personal friends on a variety of
contracts in both Iraq and Afghanistan performing a variety of duties that would
not otherwise be done, and require a specific skill set.

I was, however, in ROTC and with the 101st in Vietnam 68-69 and must have missed
the session in rules of engagement about not shooting until you are shot at. I
can tell you for a fact that a "civilian" with a fragmentation grenade or an
AK47 can kill you just as dead as a uniformed soldier.

J.J. Mateer

Walnut Creek

Inadequate editorial

I almost missed the editorial on the vets on the editorial page on Veterans Day
(Nov. 12).

At best the editorial was short and devoted much to the history of the holiday.
Some effort was made to recognize the actual veterans. I'll quote: "It's a day
in which we should come together and honor all of those who have served their
country, some making the ultimate sacrifice."

Some? Close to 1 million men and women have made that "sacrifice" since World
War I. Many others were wounded physically and emotionally. Many were and are
being treated badly since they returned. We see and hear it frequently, in print
and on TV and also on the Internet.

If the Times were really saying "thank you" for their service, you'd devote more
than 175 words and an obscure low position on the editorial page.

We gave our time, limbs and lives so you could print this paper. You need to
re-evaluate your priorities.

Frank Nugent

Pittsburg

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             327 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 1, 1987, Thursday, City Edition

Bowmer says he got bribes in exchange for cable TV vote

BYLINE: MILO GEYELIN

SECTION: METRO AND STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 504 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - Former Hillsborough County Commissioner Jerry Merle Bowmer    told a
federal jury Friday that he was paid thousands of dollars in    return for his
vote awarding a county franchise to a cable television    company based in Ohio.


     One of the men who arranged the bribe, Bowmer said, was Nelson A.
Italiano, a former chairman of the Tampa Sports Authority and once one    of
Hillsborough County's most influential Democrats.

     Italiano is on trial facing one count of mail fraud in connection    to
alleged bribes paid to two other former Hillsborough County    commissioners -
Charles F. Bean III and Bob Curry.



   Bowmer, who is to begin serving a three-year prison term at a    federal
prison camp in Texas on Friday, said he didn't know anything    about bribes
paid through Italiano to those commissioners.

     Instead, Bowmer talked of getting between $ 8,000 and $ 10,000 from a
fund-raiser arranged by Italiano and a cousin of Italiano's, former
Hillsborough County Administrator Rudy Spoto, in 1979.

     "I was interested in getting re-elected in 1980," said Bowmer,    who was
first elected in 1976. "Mr. Spoto was interested in the cable    television
franchise (application) that was coming before the Board of    County
Commissioners."

     Bowmer described the money raised at the event as a bribe by    Italiano
and Spoto to buy his support for the cable company they    represented - Coaxial
Cable Television of the Suncoast. Of the amount    raised, Bowmer said he used
between $ 3,000 and $ 4,000 for his    re-election and pocketed the rest.

     Bowmer, who admits taking more than 100 bribes during the seven    years he
was a county commissioner, said he scheduled nearly a dozen    meetings with
Spoto in 1979 to discuss Bowmer's re-election and    Coaxial's plans to apply
for the county's cable franchise.

     Spoto has not been charged with any crime, but federal prosecutors
contend that part of a payment he received through Italiano for his    work with
Coaxial was bribe money for former commissioner Curry.

     But Bowmer waffled under cross-examination and conceded that he    never
mentioned anything about Italiano and Spoto's alleged bribe    payments to him
until he talked to federal investigators last week.

     Bowmer testified he told an FBI agent in 1985 that he remembered    being
lobbied by Italiano, Spoto and Coaxial president Dennis J.    McGillicuddy, but
not paid any bribes. The FBI agent who interviewed    Bowmer wrote in a report
based on Bowmer's account that Italiano's    efforts on behalf of Coaxial was
"good hard lobbying" with "no bribe    or payoff...."

     But Wednesday, Bowmer said that his memory "keeps getting better"    and
that the more he discusses details of alleged wrongdoing, the more    he
remembers.



LOAD-DATE: November 18, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO, (2); Jerry Bowmer; Nelson A. Italiano

                            Times Publishing Company


                             328 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 11, 2008 Friday
                                 Met 2 Edition

MARYLAND BRIEFING

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 734 words

MONTGOMERY OCUNTY

Panel Urges No Protection for Home

The Montgomery County Historic Preservation Commission recommended Wednesday
that a 90-year-old Silver Spring home referred to by some as the Watson House
not be designated as a historic property.

Residents of the Woodside Forest area had sought protection for the Dutch
colonial revival home, saying it complements historic homes nearby and is
architecturally significant.

Three siblings who inherited the house from their parents, Mary E. and Vincent
V. Checchi, said it holds no historical or architectural value, a stance backed
by the county's historic preservation staff. The siblings have suggested that
the house, at 9206 Watson Rd., could be demolished to make way for as many as
five new houses.

The commission's recommendation will be forwarded to the county's Planning Board
for possible consideration at a meeting Feb. 28.

-- Jenna Johnson

PRINCE GEORGE'S COUNTY

Guilty Plea in GSA Bribery Case

A former longtime official with the General Services Administration pleaded
guilty yesterday to accepting more than $100,000 in bribes and evading taxes on
the bribe payments, federal prosecutors said.

In exchange for the bribes, Dessie R. Nelson, 65, of Oakland, Calif., helped a
former Montgomery County police officer who had founded a private security firm
obtain contracts worth more than $130 million to provide security at federal
buildings in Maryland and California, prosecutors said.

Nelson admitted that the former officer, Michael B. Holiday, 50, of Silver
Spring, gave her a shopping bag filled with $35,000 in cash and an envelope
stuffed with $10,000 in cash and arranged and paid for a $7,000 Caribbean
cruise. Nelson is scheduled to be sentenced June 16 in U.S. District Court in
Greenbelt.

-- Ruben Castaneda

RELIGION

Four Finalists for Episcopal Bishop

A search committee from the Episcopal Diocese of Maryland has chosen four
candidates to replace Bishop Robert W. Ihloff, who retired in April.

After a year-long search, the candidates to become the 14th Episcopal bishop of
Maryland are the Very Rev. Peter D. Eaton, dean of St. John's Cathedral in
Denver; the Rev. Jane Soyster Gould, rector of St. Stephen's Memorial Church in
Lynn, Mass; the Rev. John C.N. Hall, rector of St. Matthew's Church in Chandler,
Ariz.; and the Rev. Canon Eugene Taylor Sutton, canon pastor of  Washington
National Cathedral and director of the Center for Prayer and Pilgrimage.

Bishops in the Episcopal Church are elected by clergy and lay people. The
electing convention will be held March 29 in Baltimore, the diocese said.

-- Jacqueline L. Salmon

ANNE ARUNDEL COUNTY

Boy, 2, Fatally Hit in Dash Into Road

A 2-year-old boy was struck by a car and killed after running into a street in
front of his parents' house in Severn, Anne Arundel County police said
yesterday.

Derrick James Clark Jr. was struck about 7:30 p.m. Wednesday by a Honda Civic in
the 7900 block of Telegraph Road, police said.

The boy had gotten "out of the house without his parents' knowledge and went to
the end of their driveway, apparently in search of his grandfather," who was
across the street, police said in a statement.

"The driver of the Honda skidded his vehicle when the child ran out but he was
unable to avoid the accident," the statement said.

Police said no charges had been filed against the driver, Lawrence H. Shue, 48,
of Oakland, Md., who stopped at the scene. The state's attorney's office will
review the case, police said.

-- Raymond McCaffrey

Conviction in Crash That Killed 3

An Annapolis man was convicted yesterday in connection with a 2006 car crash
that led to the deaths of three passengers in a medical transport van.

Fontaine Pridgett pleaded guilty to three counts of homicide by automobile while
under the influence of alcohol, said Kristin Riggin, a spokeswoman for the Anne
Arundel County state's attorney's office.

The office previously dropped charges against another Annapolis man initially
suspected of being the driver of the car that struck the van. DNA evidence on
the driver's side air bag was subsequently linked to Pridgett, who was 47 at the
time of the crash, Riggin said.

She said prosecutors are asking for a sentence of 10 years but are amenable to
having some of that time suspended.

Mary A. Davis, 48, Terry W. Wright Sr., 56, and Mary Rawlings, 65, passengers in
the van, died from injuries suffered in the crash.

-- Raymond McCaffrey

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Virginia

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             329 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 23, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Proxmire Fear On Bribe Law

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 2, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 176 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 22


Senator William Proxmire, the Wisconsin Democrat who is chairman of the Banking
Committee, today assailed a proposed compromise that he said would weaken the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

The act penalizes American companies that bribe foreign government officials and
executives in order to obtain their business.

The proposed compromise, reached by one of 17 House-Senate subconferences
working on a trade bill, would limit culpability to an executive's knowledge
that a bribe was offered. Currently an executive is in violation if he or she
had reason to know that a bribe was offered.

Warning on Loopholes

Mr. Proxmire said the proposed change would create ''loopholes for bribery.''

The current Foreign Corrupt Practices law holds executives liable for the acts
of their agents if an executive ''knows or has reason to know'' that a bribe
will be paid. ''This standard places an affirmative responsibility on the
corporation to exercise control over its employees to assure that its overseas
agents do not bribe,'' Mr. Proxmire noted.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             330 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 20, 2016 Thursday

American Sports Marketing Executive Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption
Charges

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Aaron Davidson pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy in connection with his
involvement in schemes involving the payment of bribes to a high-ranking soccer
official in exchange for media and marketing rights to international soccer
tournaments and matches.  Davidson agreed to and paid these bribes on behalf of
Traffic Sports USA, Inc. (Traffic USA), the Miami sports marketing company for
which he served as president at the time of his arrest on May 27, 2015.  As part
of his plea, Davidson also agreed to forfeit $507,906.84.  At sentencing,
Davidson faces a maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea
proceeding took place before United States District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
Davidson, a U.S. citizen, joined Traffic USA in 2003, initially working in sales
and ultimately rising to the position of president of the company.  During his
time at Traffic USA, Davidson was involved in multiple criminal schemes
including, among others, schemes involving the agreement to pay and payment of
bribes to a high-ranking official of FIFA, CONCACAF, the Caribbean Football
Union, and one of FIFA's national member associations in order to obtain
lucrative media and marketing rights to international soccer tournaments and
matches for Traffic USA and its business partners.  Those tournaments and
matches included FIFA World Cup qualifiers, the CONCACAF Gold Cup, the CONCACAF
Champions League, and the Copa América Centenario, a tournament jointly
organized by CONCACAF and CONMEBOL, the South American soccer confederation.  In
total, Davidson negotiated and agreed to bribe payments totaling more than $14
million.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             331 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 12, 2016 Friday

Doctor Charged With Accepting Thousands Of Dollars In Cash Bribes For Referrals
To Lab Companies

LENGTH: 572  words


NEWARK, N.J.  A doctor with offices in Toms River, New Jersey, was indicted
today for accepting thousands of dollars in cash bribes in exchange for
referring his patients to two lab companies that performed blood and DNA
testing, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Vincent Destasio, 54, of Toms River, was indicted by a federal grand jury in
Newark on one count of conspiracy to accept cash bribes and two substantive
counts of accepting cash bribes. The indictment was unsealed today. Destasio
will be arraigned on a date to be determined.

According to the indictment and statements made in court:

Destasio, a doctor of osteopathic medicine, was paid cash kickbacks by two sales
representatives (Daniel Gilman and Kenneth Robberson) who were partners
operating PROMED, which was a marketing and sales company specializing in blood
testing laboratories and DNA laboratory testing companies. Gilman and Robberson
have both pleaded guilty to an information charging them with conspiracy to
bribe a physician and are awaiting sentencing.

From March 2014 through May 2015, Gilman and Robberson solicited Destasio by
paying him cash bribes for referring patient lab work to two separate
laboratories for which Gilman and Robberson provided marketing and sales. One
company (Company 1) was a blood testing laboratory company and the other was a
DNA laboratory testing company (Company 2). Neither Company 1 nor Company 2 had
any knowledge of or involvement in the kickback scheme.

Gilman and Robberson received monthly commission checks from the two companies
for referrals, for 10 percent of the reimbursements paid to the companies by
various payors, including Medicare. After receiving the commission checks from
the two companies, Gilman and Robberson would identify the number of patients
Destasio had referred and pay him a cash kickback based on those patients.
Destasio was paid a total of approximately $25,000 in cash bribes for his
referrals.

Destasio faces a statutory maximum prison sentence of five years on each count
in the indictment and a maximum fine equal to the greatest of $250,000 or twice
the gross gain or loss from the offense. He will also forfeit $25,000, if
convicted.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Andrew Campi in Newark, and special agents of the
U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under
the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert, with the
investigation leading to todays indictment.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael H. Robertson of
the U.S. Attorneys Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark.

The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations,
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice shortly after
taking office, creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to
handle both criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care
fraud offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in
health care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines,
restitution and forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel: John J. Bruno Jr., Esq., Rutherford, New Jersey 2016 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             332 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Webb County, Texas Commissioner Sentenced to 76 Months in Prison for
Accepting Bribes in Exchange for Official Actions

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An elected county commissioner for Precinct 1 of the Webb County Commissioners
Court in Texas was sentenced today to 76 months in prison for accepting bribes
in exchange for official actions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs of the FBI's San
Antonio Division made the announcement. U.S. District Judge Marina Garcia
Marmolejo of the Southern District of Texas imposed the sentence.

Kristopher Michael Montemayor, 37, of Laredo, Texas, pleaded guilty to one count
of federal programs bribery on June 19, 2014. In addition to the prison
sentence, he was ordered to pay a fine of $109,405.72 and to forfeit $13,721.16.

In his plea agreement, Montemayor admitted that he solicited and accepted
multiple bribes in exchange for promising to perform official acts.
Specifically, Montemayor admitted that he accepted three separate bribe payments
totaling $11,000 and over $2,700 in electronics and other merchandise, including
two Apple iPads and two pairs of Dr. Dre Beats Solo HD headphones, from a
businessman who, unbeknownst to Montemayor, was an undercover law enforcement
agent. In exchange for the cash and the other items, Montemayor promised to take
various forms of official action to promote the business interests of the
undercover agent.

Montemayor also admitted to accepting a 2012 Ford F-150 pick-up truck, worth
approximately $37,000, in exchange for providing government jobs to the vehicle
owner and his spouse. As a result of these appointments, the vehicle owner and
his wife received salaries of $26,000 and $45,553 from Webb County. Montemayor
admitted that the vehicle owner performed little or no work in exchange for his
government salary.

The case was investigated by the Laredo Resident Agency of the FBI's San Antonio
Division. The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Emily Rae Woods and Mark J.
Cipolletti of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             333 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

Oakland Tribune editorial: Get the cell phones out of cells

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial © Copyright 2011, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 468 words


IT DOESN'T take an advanced degree in criminal justice to understand that prison
inmates never should have access to cell phones. They use them to plot violent
crimes inside and outside the prison, plot escapes and conduct drug deals with
other inmates or contacts on the outside.

Matthew Cate, secretary of the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation, agrees. He said, "Cell phone smuggling into California's prisons
is a very serious and growing problem. Public safety officials in prisons and
prosecutors on the outside need additional tools to combat cell phone smuggling
to inmates."

One such tool should be stiff felony penalties for anyone smuggling cell phones
into prisons or accepting bribes for phones. Those penalties should be even
tougher for prison guards.

Unfortunately, it is the guards who are suspected of providing most of the cell
phones to inmates, often taking bribes. Yet California continues to be lax in
passing laws to crack down on the problem.

Possessing a cell phone behind bars violates prison rules, but still is not
illegal. Inmates can lose early release credits, and employees caught smuggling
phones can lose their jobs.

Even when someone is caught, the penalty is extraordinarily light. Last month,
Terry Lane, a former California correctional officer from San Jose, was
sentenced to just 45 days in jail for smuggling several cell phones to state
prison inmates.

Lane also was fined $5,700, which the Sacramento County District Attorney's
Office said was the amount of bribes Lane took from inmates for delivering the
phones. The bribery charge was dropped in a plea bargain.

A more appropriate sentence for Lane would have been something closer to 10
years in state prison and a fine many times higher.

The best way to discourage prison guards from taking bribes for delivering cell
phones is the use of tough penalties that include long prison terms, firing and
permanent disqualification for ever working in a prison.

There are a few bills floating around in the Legislature to stiffen penalties
for those who bring phones to inmates and or accept bribes for doing so.

State Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, has introduced two bills this year that
add penalties for inmates, employees or visitors smuggling cell phones.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-Santa Clara, is carrying another bill that would require
random searches of employees and contractors.

Action is long overdue. Prison officials say that the number of cell phones
confiscated in California prisons has been growing rapidly over the past few
years and has become a major problem that needs to be remedied.

If prison employees or visitors faced years behind bars for cell phone
smuggling, we believe the practice would decline sharply. There is no good
reason to delay legislation, even if there are added costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prison guard walks down the row of cells in th BMU unit in "B" yard
house 33 Level Four at the Calipatria State Prison March 30, 2010 in Calipatria,
Calif. (Staff file photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             334 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 8, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

16 Are Charged in Bribery Scheme at Federal Courthouse in Brooklyn

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 1; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1001 words


Saying that he had found corruption in his own backyard, the chief Federal
prosecutor in Brooklyn charged yesterday that six Federal employees had taken
bribes from contractors on renovation and repair jobs in Federal buildings,
including some payoffs received in the halls of the courthouse where the case
will be tried.

"Who knows what accounts for the brazenness," said Zachary W. Carter, the United
States Attorney in Brooklyn. Mr. Carter said that a two-year undercover
investigation had found that dozens of the illegal payoffs -- some of them
secretly recorded by the authorities -- were made in elevators, hallways, the
boiler room and other areas of the United States Courthouse in downtown
Brooklyn.

But Mr. Carter said he was not surprised to learn that graft had invaded the
building where he and his staff also work.

"I don't think the Federal courthouse is immune," he said at a news conference
in his office, in a building near the courthouse. "It could happen anywhere."
Mr. Carter also announced the arrests of the Federal employees and 10 private
contractors charged with paying or offering them the bribes.

In what officials said was the largest corruption prosecution in the history of
the General Services Administration -- the agency responsible for the buildings
that Federal courts and agencies occupy -- one veteran G.S.A. supervisor,
Patrick McCosker, was said to have received about $100,000 in bribes for helping
contractors gain renovation and maintenance jobs at the courthouse.

The five other agency supervisors, who like Mr. McCosker had the title of
assistant building manager, were described in court papers as having received
relatively small amounts -- "several thousand dollars" or, in one case, $6,000.
But one investigator, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said that for
some of the defendants, "these are conservative estimates" and that the
continuing investigation was expected to find that they had pocketed far more.
All together, investigators said, the payoffs helped the contractors obtain
millions of dollars' worth of jobs. The assistant United States attorney
handling the case, Leslie Cornfeld, said the agency supervisors' salaries ranged
from $45,000 to $63,000 a year.

As the defendants were arraigned in a second-floor courtroom yesterday, court
officials and employees watched or went to get a glimpse of those charged, some
expressing shock as they recognized Mr. McCosker, 37, and another defendant,
Robin Rosado, 55, two agency supervisors who were assigned to the courthouse.

Both men, who were familiar to many of the court employees, went through the
brief arraignment process before Magistrate Judge Marilyn D. Go without showing
any emotion. After his arraignment, Mr. McCosker lingered to chat with some
members of the court staff.

According to prosecution papers, a contractor working as an informer said that
Mr. McCosker had demanded "10 percent of the total amount of each contract" that
the informer received, and that since 1993, the informer had paid Mr. McCosker
about $40,000 in cash for about $500,000 worth of jobs at the courthouse.

"These cash payments were typically made in the courthouse, sometimes in the
boiler room," the informer was quoted as saying. And in one conversation with
Mr. McCosker that the informer secretly recorded, in a Manhattan restaurant in
1997, Mr. McCosker "discussed the problems he had disposing of the bribe money,"
according to a prosecution affidavit. The affidavit quoted him as complaining
that he could not use the bribe money "to pay bills or buy cars."

"I'm even afraid to go on vacation or anything," he said, according to the
affidavit.

Actually, prosecutors said, one of the bribes he received was a paid family trip
to Disney World.

The other agency supervisors charged are Robert K. Goldberg, 42; John P. Harris,
55; Garrick Serrano, 37, and Salvatore F. Sarro, 48. Prosecutors did not provide
home addresses for any of the defendants.

Besides the courthouse, the other buildings involved in what the authorities
called "widespread bribery and kickback schemes" are privately owned structures,
where the major tenants are Federal agencies.  The buildings are at 201 Varick
Street in Manhattan, which houses offices of the Department of Veterans Affairs
and other agencies; 850 Third Avenue in Brooklyn, where the Food and Drug
Administration and the Customs Service have offices, and 3000 White Plains Road
in the Bronx, which contains offices of the Internal Revenue Service.

The agency supervisors were not operating together but were rather engaged in
separate schemes at various times between 1993 and 1997, Mr. Carter said.

He said that sometimes the agency employees took the initiative in soliciting
bribes and kickbacks and that sometimes the contractors did.

He said the investigation leading to the charges announced yesterday began when
a contractor, whom he would not identify, reported to the Federal agency's
management that one of its employees "may have solicited bribes." The
investigation, he said, employed confidential informers whom he did not identify
but who appear to have included at least one employee of a contractor company
and one agency employee.

The agency supervisors charged in the case, who were arrested yesterday and
charged in criminal complaints, are all longtime employees of the agency, with
service ranging from 10 years to 23 years. The 10 contractors are affiliated
with companies that do construction and renovation, or that specialize in areas
like mechanical and electrical systems, doors and locks, and carpet care.

All six Federal employees and three of the contractors were arraigned yesterday
in the same Brooklyn courthouse at the center of the alleged corruption, and all
were released on $100,000 bonds pending further court action. They were not
required to enter pleas at the arraignment, and none did. Their lawyers declined
to comment as they and their clients left the courthouse.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: John P. Harris, left, and Robin Rosado at the Federal
Courthouse in Brooklyn yesterday. They and four other Federal supervisors were
arraigned on charges of taking contractors' bribes on renovation and repair
jobs. (Photographs by Frances Roberts for The New York Times)(pg. B2); Bribes
from contractors are said to have been paid at this courthouse in Brooklyn.
(Frances Roberts for The New York Times)(pg. B1)


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             335 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          China Daily European Edition

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday

Ex-FIFA executive detailed bribes in 2013 secret guilty plea

SECTION: TOP NEWS

LENGTH: 411 words


NEW YORK - A former executive committee member of soccer's global governing body
FIFA told a US judge in November 2013 that he and other officials took bribes in
connection with the 1998 and 2010 World Cups, among other major tournaments.

Chuck Blazer, a US citizen, secretly pleaded guilty to 10 criminal counts in New
York as part of an agreement with US prosecutors, according to a partially
blacked out transcript of the hearing released on Wednesday.

According to US officials, Blazer's cooperation helped build a sprawling
corruption case that has led to charges against top FIFA figures and prompted
the resignation on Tuesday of longtime president Sepp Blatter.

Blazer served as an executive committee member of FIFA from 1997 to 2013 and was
the general secretary of CONCACAF, soccer's governing body in North and Central
America and the Caribbean, from 1990 to 2011.

"Among other things, I agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation
for the 1998 World Cup," Blazer told US District Judge Raymond Dearie during a
closed-door proceeding in Brooklyn federal court on the morning of Nov. 25,
2013, according to the transcript.

Though France won the bidding to host the tournament, separate court documents
claim Morocco paid the bribe in connection with the 1998 World Cup.

Blazer added that from 2004 to 2011, "I and others on the FIFA executive
committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of South
Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup."

US authorities have said South Africa paid a $10 million bribe while bidding to
be the 2010 World Cup host. The country has confirmed the payment but said it
was a donation to support soccer development in the Caribbean, not a bribe.

Blazer also admitted to taking kickbacks related to five different editions of
CONCACAF's premier event, the Gold Cup, between 1996 and 2003.

"I knew my actions were wrong at the time," he said.

A lawyer for Blazer declined to comment.

Many of the details were revealed in documents released by US authorities last
week, when they announced indictments for 14 people, including nine FIFA
officials.

Blazer, 70, is one of four defendants in the case who pleaded guilty in secret
and agreed to assist US investigators.

During his plea, he said he suffered from health problems. Friends of Blazer say
he is currently hospitalized and unable to speak due to a breathing tube.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 China Daily Information Co
                              All Rights Reserved


                             336 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           December 18, 2012 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

News of the weird

BYLINE: Chuck Shepherd, Special to The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 1118 words


- Amateur!: In October, a federal appeals court overturned the bribery
conviction of a City of Chicago zoning inspector -on the grounds that the bribes
he was convicted of taking were too small to be covered by federal law.

Dominick Owens, 46, was convicted of taking two bribes of $600 each to issue
certificates of occupancy, but the law applies only to bribes of $5,000 or more.
(Also in October, Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel disbanded the city's ethics board
after a 25-year run in which it never found an alderman in violation -even
though, during that time, 20 aldermen were convicted of felonies.)

- The government's Health Canada agency announced in October that Avmor Ltd. had
agreed to recall one lot of its Antimicrobial Foaming Hand Soap -because it was
contaminated with microbes. (The recall did not disclose whether the danger was
due to too many microbes overwhelming the soap or due to the inability of the
antimicrobial soap to kill any microbes at all.)

- Karma: (1) Tyller Myers, 19, was killed in a collision near Norwalk, Ohio, in
September when he ran a stop sign and was rammed by a tractor-trailer.
Afterward, police found three stolen stop signs in Myers' truck. (2) A
21-year-old man was killed crossing a highway at 5 a.m. in Athens, Ga., in
September. Police said he had just dined-and-dashed out of a Waffle House
restaurant and into the path of a pickup truck.

- The Will of God: Devoted Catholic David Jimenez, 45, had been praying
regularly to a large crucifix outside the Church of St. Patrick in Newburgh,
N.Y., having become convinced that it was responsible for eradicating his wife's
ovarian cancer. He even got permission from the church to spruce up the
structure, as befit its power. Then, during a cleaning in May 2010, the
600-pound crucifix came loose and fell on Jimenez's leg, which had to be
amputated.

From a holy object of worship to precipitator of a lawsuit: Jimenez's $3 million
litigation against the archdiocese goes to trial in January.

- Not Mine! (1) James White, 30, was arrested in Grove City, Fla., after being
stopped by police patrolling a high-burglary neighborhood, and in a consensual
search of his pants, officers found a packet of Oxycodone pills for which White
did not have a prescription. However, according to the police report, White
suddenly exclaimed, "Oh, wait! These aren't my pants!" (2) Ms. Vida Golac, 18,
was arrested in Naples, Fla., in October, and charged with possessing marijuana,
which police discovered in her genitals as she was being strip-searched.
According to the police report, Golac denied that the drugs were hers and
explained that she was just hiding them there for friends.

- As a service to taxpayers, the IRS's longtime policy is to pay tax refund
claims promptly and only later to refer the refund files for possible audits and
collection, in the event of overpayments or fraud. This policy, though, means
that ordinary taxpayers are treated better than the nation's wounded warriors
who file disability claims with the Department of Veterans Affairs.

The VA's assumption seems to be that wounded veterans are cheating -and thus
most veterans receive at least five evaluations, and each one reviewed over a
several-year period, before full benefits can be awarded. (Even though some
temporary financial relief is available before final determination, veterans
complain that the amount is almost never enough for complicated rehabilitation
programs and other support.)

- An articulate, functional cave man of El Paso, Texas, continues to roam his
neighbourhood, often naked, and to resist efforts to bring him back onto the
grid, according to October coverage by El Paso's KVIA-TV. His mountainside
subterranean structure, described as intricate, might be on land owned by the
local water utility, which, pending an investigation, could evict him. Some
neighbours say they fear the man, who has allegedly swum in their pools and even
swiped items from their laundry rooms, but nonetheless, he swears that he is
harmless.

"I'm a plasma donor... drug free" and "sin-free... baptized and saved." Other
neighbours have supported him, he said, and the complainers need to "help the
community more."

- Cunning Plans: (1) William Keltner, 52, was arrested in Abilene, Texas, in
November, after he underestimated the security at a Walmart self-checkout line.
He had taken the barcode off of a $1.17 item, placed it on a $228 TV set, and
checked himself out, assuming no one would notice. (2) Kerri Heffernan, 31, was
charged in October in Massachusetts with robbing banks in Brockton and Whitman.
Heffernan perhaps acquired a feeling of doom when, in the midst of one robbery,
a teller-friend appeared and asked, "Do you want to make a deposit, Kerri?"

- Election Follies: (1) Robert McDonald tied Olivia Ballou for the final seat on
the city council of Walton, Ky., with 669 votes, but only later found out that
his wife (exhausted from a hospital's night shift) had not made it to the polls.
(The following week, as per voting rules, McDonald and Ballou held a coin flip.
Ballou won but relinquished the seat to McDonald for an unrelated reason.) (2)
Holly Solomon, 28, was arrested in Gilbert, Ariz., a few days after the election
when, police said, she chased her husband with her Jeep and rammed him during a
drunken rant blaming him for President Obama's victory (though Arizona's
electoral votes went solidly for Mitt Romney). Daniel Solomon was hospitalized
in critical condition.

- Among the "Ig Nobel" prizes awarded to earnest academics in September by the
Annals of Improbable Research was the one to Patrick Warren and colleagues who
delved into excruciatingly detailed predictions (at the behest of a cosmetics
firm) about how someone might ultimately look with a ponytail, based on hair
characteristics. The team took into account the stiffness of the strands, the
effects of gravity and the random curliness or waviness in the hair in a set
formula to compute a Rapunzel Number for each head. Explaining his
particularized work to reporters, Dr. Warren acknowledged (perhaps with
underestimation), "I've been working on this for a long time."

- A research team at Lund University in Sweden, led by neuroethologist Jochen
Smolka, concluded that one reason dung beetles dance in circles on top of dung
is to cool off, according to an October report on LiveScience.com.

To arrive at their conclusion, the team went to the trouble of painting tiny
silicone boots on some beetles to protect them from the ambient heat experienced
by a control group of beetles, and found that the booted beetles climbed atop
the dung less frequently. Explained Smolka, "Like an air-conditioning unit, the
moist [dung] is cooled by evaporation."

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                             337 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 9, 2015 Monday

Webb County, Texas Commissioner Sentenced to 76 Months in Prison for Accepting
Bribes in Exchange for Official Actions

LENGTH: 364  words


Washington, D.C.: U.S. Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:

An elected county commissioner for Precinct 1 of the Webb County Commissioners
Court in Texas was sentenced today to 76 months in prison for accepting bribes
in exchange for official actions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs of the FBI's San
Antonio Division made the announcement.  U.S. District Judge Marina Garcia
Marmolejo of the Southern District of Texas imposed the sentence.

Kristopher Michael Montemayor, 37, of Laredo, Texas, pleaded guilty to one count
of federal programs bribery on June 19, 2014.  In addition to the prison
sentence, he was ordered to pay a fine of $109,405.72 and to forfeit $13,721.16.

In his plea agreement, Montemayor admitted that he solicited and accepted
multiple bribes in exchange for promising to perform official acts.
Specifically, Montemayor admitted that he accepted three separate bribe payments
totaling $11,000 and over $2,700 in electronics and other merchandise, including
two Apple iPads and two pairs of Dr. Dre Beats Solo HD headphones, from a
businessman who, unbeknownst to Montemayor, was an undercover law enforcement
agent.  In exchange for the cash and the other items, Montemayor promised to
take various forms of official action to promote the business interests of the
undercover agent.

Montemayor also admitted to accepting a 2012 Ford F-150 pick-up truck, worth
approximately $37,000, in exchange for providing government jobs to the vehicle
owner and his spouse.  As a result of these appointments, the vehicle owner and
his wife received salaries of $26,000 and $45,553 from Webb County.  Montemayor
admitted that the vehicle owner performed little or no work in exchange for his
government salary.

The case was investigated by the Laredo Resident Agency of the FBI's San Antonio
Division.  The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Emily Rae Woods and Mark
J. Cipolletti of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             338 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Seattle IRS Revenue Agent Charged with Soliciting and Accepting Bribe Allegedly
Asked Marijuana Business Owner for Money During Audit

LENGTH: 358  words


A Revenue Agent for the Internal Revenue Service was arrested this morning after
he accepted payment from a Seattle businessman after allegedly soliciting a
bribe, announced U.S. Attorney Annette L. Hayes. PAUL G. HURLEY, 42, of Seattle,
is charged with Soliciting and Agreeing to Receive a Bribe by a Public Official
and two counts of Receiving a Bribe by a Public Official. HURLEY appeared in
U.S. District Court in Seattle this afternoon and was released on his personal
recognizance. A preliminary hearing on the charges is scheduled for October 5,
2015.


According to the criminal complaint, HURLEY has been a revenue agent with the
IRS since 2009. Between July and September 2015, HURLEY was involved in the
audit of the 2013 and 2014 tax returns of a Seattle marijuana business. Because
marijuana remains illegal under federal law, no business deductions are allowed
on federal tax returns and the gross revenue is taxable. HURLEY presented the
owner of the marijuana business with his tax bill for both years, totaling more
than $290,000. However, HURLEY told the business owner he had saved the business
owner more than a million dollars. HURLEY then asked the business owner for
$20,000 in cash. The business owner alerted his lawyer, who contacted law
enforcement. Law enforcement observed two meetings where HURLEY accepted money
delivered by the business owner. HURLEY was arrested following the second
meeting this morning.
Both offenses, Soliciting and Agreeing to Receive a Bribe by a Public Official
and Receiving a Bribe by a Public Official are punishable by up to 15 years'
imprisonment and a $250,000 fine.
The charges contained in the complaint are only allegations. A person is
presumed innocent unless and until he or she is proven guilty beyond a
reasonable doubt in a court of law.
The case is being investigated by the FBI and the Treasury Inspector General for
Tax Administration ("TIGTA").
The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Justin Arnold.
Press contact for the U.S. Attorney's Office is Public Affairs Officer Emily
Langlie at (206) 553-4110 or Emily.Langlie@usdoj.gov 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             339 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 1, 2015 Wednesday

Contractor Admits Attempting to Bribe West New York, New Jersey Official to
Eliminate More Than $8.7 Million in Fire Code Violations

LENGTH: 347  words


NEWARK, NJ-A North Bergen, New Jersey, man today admitted paying cash bribes to
a West New York, New Jersey, fire official to eliminate millions of dollars in
outstanding fines and penalties on buildings with fire code violations, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.


Victor Coca, 48, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Esther Salas to Count
One and Count Two of an indictment charging him with paying bribes to a local
government employee.
According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:
Coca was the owner and president of a general contracting company in West New
York. Two buildings in West New York had outstanding fines for fire code
violations. The first building, located on Bergenline Avenue and owned by a
friend of his, had approximately $14,500 in fines and penalties for outstanding
fire code violations. Coca agreed to pay a fire official for the West New York
Bureau of Fire Prevention, a witness who was voluntarily cooperating with
federal authorities, a $2,000 cash bribe to eliminate the outstanding fire code
fines and penalties. On March 27, 2014, Coca handed the fire official a $2,000
cash bribe.
The second building, located on Hudson Avenue and partly-owned by Coca, had more
than $8.7 million in fines and penalties for outstanding fire code violations.
Coca paid a $5,000 cash bribe to the fire official in return for the fire
official purportedly reducing the amount due to the West New York Bureau of Fire
Prevention to the initial fine amount of $5,000.
The two bribery counts to which Coca pleaded guilty each carry a maximum
potential penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gain
or loss from the offense. Sentencing is scheduled for Oct. 20, 2015.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, with the investigation
leading to today's plea.
The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             340 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 6, 2012 Monday

Stanford used secret account to bribe Antigua regulator, says witness

BYLINE: Caribbean News Now, Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 403 words


Feb. 06--HOUSTON -- Texas financier Allen Stanford drew on a secret Swiss bank
account to pay bribes to the banking regulator in Antigua and Barbuda, the
prosecution's top witness said at Stanford's criminal fraud trial on Friday.

The 61-year-old Stanford is charged with using his Houston-based financial
empire to swindle investors out of more than $7 billion. He has pleaded not
guilty to a 14-count indictment.

At the heart of Stanford's alleged fraud are certificates of deposit sold by his
Antigua-based Stanford International Bank Ltd to about 28,000 investors.

Prosecutors allege that Stanford diverted $2 billion from customer deposits to
fund a luxurious lifestyle and money-losing ventures such as airlines, real
estate developments and cricket tournaments in the Caribbean.

"The monies flowed from Stanford International Bank CDs to this slush account.
It was a slush fund, just used for whatever the holder wanted to use it for,"
James Davis, Stanford Financial Group's former chief financial officer, told the
jury in US Federal Court in Houston. "One purpose was to pull cash out to bribe
the regulator in Antigua, Mr Leroy King."

King, former head of Antigua and Barbuda's Financial Services Regulatory
Commission and one of four people charged in a separate indictment, is accused
of taking bribes to divert regulatory attention from Stanford's operations, and
is fighting extradition from Antigua.

Davis told jurors Stanford gave King at least $10,000 to $15,000 in cash every
quarter, as well as tickets to the National Football League Super Bowl
championship games in 2005 and 2009, to prevent government examiners from
probing the bank's investment portfolio.

Davis said that for years he supplied inflated totals for the bank's investment
accounts to Antiguan regulators to disguise the gap between the bank's actual
assets and its reported assets.

In June 2005, Davis said King gave Stanford a copy of a confidential letter from
the US Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), asking Antiguan banking
authorities for help investigating Stanford's bank for possible fraud. Davis
said Stanford and a company lawyer drafted King's reply to the SEC, which
falsely assured US regulators that Stanford's bank was clean.

___ (c)2012 the Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) Visit the
Caribbean News Now (Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands) at www.caribbeannewsnow.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120206-1CN-Stanford-used-secret-account-to-bribe
-Antigua-regulator-says-witness-0206-20120206

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1CN


                                 Copyright 2012


                             341 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 January 18, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

CORRUPTION IN CLAYTON

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. C8

LENGTH: 441 words


ST. LOUIS COUNTY COUNCIL

St. Louis County Executive George "Buzz" Westfall called Wednesday a "bad, bad
day for county government." The resignation of County Councilman Robert A. Young
IV after pleading guilty on a federal charge of accepting bribes is by far the
biggest scandal to hit Clayton in recent memory.

Young, 49, cut a deal with federal prosecutors to plead guilty to accepting
$4,500 in bribes to finagle the number of taxicabs licensed to do business at
Lambert Field. Pleading guilty along with Young was Michael Saggio, a manager
for Lambert Airport Transportation Co. Saggio admitted giving Young $3,000 in
bribes since taking over the company in June 1999. Young admitted taking an
additional $1,500 before then from another company executive who is now
deceased. The two men could face between 24 and 30 months in prison under
federal sentencing guidelines.

Routes from the airport generate high fares, so cab companies fight over them.
Before March 2000, there was a 129-cab limit at Lambert Field, and Young -- a
Bridgeton Democrat whose district included Lambert Field -- took bribes to try
to get more licenses for Saggio's firm. After the County Council eliminated the
limit in March 2000, Young took bribes to try to get the limits restored.

Federal prosecutors said Saggio also paid $1,500 in bribes to Councilman John
Campisi, R-South County. Mr. Campisi notified County Police and cooperated in
the investigation. "I did what I believe any good honest citizen should do," Mr.
Campisi said.

U.S. Attorney Ray Gruender said a councilman "who would sell his office for any
amount is extremely dangerous to the proper functioning of government." He vowed
that public corruption would be a high priority of his office. That's
reassuring, though next time around, Mr. Gruender sho uld avoid doing favors for
high-placed crooks. Young was allowed to slip into the courthouse, enter his
plea and disappear on bond without facing the public he'd cheated. Justice
should be blind, not private.

Young's resignation means that two of the seven council seats are now open. A
special election is set for Feb. 5 to fill the 3rd district seat vacated in
September, when Republican Edith Cunnane resigned for health reasons. Before
Wednesday the council was split 3-3 between Democrats and Republicans. The best
that Democrats can now hope for is a continuation of the split until a special
election can fill Young's 2nd District seat.

Mr. Westfall and the five remaining council members should spend the interim
considering how they can restore the county's reputation for honest, efficient
government.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             342 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Get the cell phones out of cells

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial © Copyright 2011, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 468 words


IT DOESN'T take an advanced degree in criminal justice to understand that prison
inmates never should have access to cell phones. They use them to plot violent
crimes inside and outside the prison, plot escapes and conduct drug deals with
other inmates or contacts on the outside.

Matthew Cate, secretary of the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation, agrees. He said, "Cell phone smuggling into California's prisons
is a very serious and growing problem. Public safety officials in prisons and
prosecutors on the outside need additional tools to combat cell phone smuggling
to inmates."

One such tool should be stiff felony penalties for anyone smuggling cell phones
into prisons or accepting bribes for phones. Those penalties should be even
tougher for prison guards.

Unfortunately, it is the guards who are suspected of providing most of the cell
phones to inmates, often taking bribes. Yet California continues to be lax in
passing laws to crack down on the problem.

Possessing a cell phone behind bars violates prison rules, but still is not
illegal. Inmates can lose early release credits, and employees caught smuggling
phones can lose their jobs.

Even when someone is caught, the penalty is extraordinarily light. Last month,
Terry Lane, a former California correctional officer from San Jose, was
sentenced to just 45 days in jail for smuggling several cell phones to state
prison inmates.

Lane also was fined $5,700, which the Sacramento County District Attorney's
Office said was the amount of bribes Lane took from inmates for delivering the
phones. The bribery charge was dropped in a plea bargain.

A more appropriate sentence for Lane would have been something closer to 10
years in state prison and a fine many times higher.

The best way to discourage prison guards from taking bribes for delivering cell
phones is the use of tough penalties that include long prison terms, firing and
permanent disqualification for ever working in a prison.

There are a few bills floating around in the Legislature to stiffen penalties
for those who bring phones to inmates and or accept bribes for doing so.

State Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, has introduced two bills this year that
add penalties for inmates, employees or visitors smuggling cell phones.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-Santa Clara, is carrying another bill that would require
random searches of employees and contractors.

Action is long overdue. Prison officials say that the number of cell phones
confiscated in California prisons has been growing rapidly over the past few
years and has become a major problem that needs to be remedied.

If prison employees or visitors faced years behind bars for cell phone
smuggling, we believe the practice would decline sharply. There is no good
reason to delay legislation, even if there are added costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Prison guard walks down the row of cells in th BMU unit in "B" yard
house 33 Level Four at the Calipatria State Prison March 30, 2010 in Calipatria,
Calif. (Staff file photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             343 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 10, 2015 Thursday

Banker Sent to Prison for Taking More Than $1 Million in Bribes GMAC Banker
Manipulated the Secondary Mortgage Market in Favor of Customers Who Delivered
Huge Cash Payments

LENGTH: 1012  words


SAN DIEGO-Robert Moreno, a GMAC banker, was sentenced today by U.S. District
Judge Roger T. Benitez to 37 months in prison for his role in a widespread
commercial bribery and tax evasion scheme.
Moreno admitted accepting more than $1 million in bribes while he worked for
GMAC in return for rigging bids for secondary market mortgages in favor of his
preferred customers. At the sentencing hearing, Judge Benitez described Moreno
as "the kingpin in this whole nasty affair," and noted that the bribe payments
had an adverse economic impact on the market. He ordered Moreno to pay back
$1,143,560 in restitution to GMAC and an additional $140,941 to the IRS.


According to court records, Moreno admitted that between December 2011 and July
2013, he used his position and influence at GMAC to ensure that his preferred
customers, including San Diego businessman Israel Hechter and Woodland Hills
businessman Ben Keisari, won their bids to purchase mortgage loans that were
being resold by GMAC. In order to ensure Hechter's and Keisari's bids won,
Moreno would alter other bids, reject bids, and erase or ignore bids from
qualified competitors, so that his corrupt customers would appear to be the most
qualified bidders. Moreno also provided Hechter and Keisari with "inside
information" about prices and competing bids, giving them a leg up in the
bidding process and ensuring that they won the most lucrative deals.
In exchange, Hechter and Keisari, and others who worked for them, delivered
bribe payments to Moreno totaling more than $1 million. Initially, Moreno
arranged to be paid by personal check or in hand-delivered cash payments in
order to conceal the bribes and avoid reporting them to the IRS. For example,
Hechter recruited his father to deliver hundreds of thousands of dollars in cash
bribes to Moreno on New York City street corners and at a car wash. In a similar
vein, Moreno would meet Keisari in Las Vegas hotels and other places to arrange
in-person deliveries of tens of thousands of dollars in cash. Moreno never
disclosed the income on his 2011 and 2012 tax returns.
As the amount of the bribe payments increased, Moreno revised the plan to create
a "cover story" that could be used to explain his illegal activity. He entered
into sham "consulting" agreements with Hechter and Keisari, to make it appear as
if the bribes were legitimate fees paid for services unrelated to Moreno's work
at GMAC. Using a business bank account opened for the purpose of receiving these
bogus "consulting" payments, Moreno took in $550,000 in bribes. When later
confronted by federal agents, Moreno stuck to the cover story and claimed that
the bribe payments were consulting fees for legitimate work. Eventually, in
October 2014, Moreno pleaded guilty and admitted his role the bribery scheme.
Including Moreno, over half a dozen defendants have been convicted for their
roles in this bank bribery ring. Hechter, the owner of San Diego-based mortgage
investment firms Ocean 18, LLC, and Note Tracker Corporation, pleaded guilty in
September 2014. As part of his guilty plea, he admitted that he paid bribes to
Moreno and to Lynda Sanabria, another banker who sold mortgages on the secondary
market on behalf of JP Morgan Chase Bank. Sanabria also pleaded guilty, and
admitted receiving hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribe payments from
Hechter in return for her influence over Chase's mortgage sales.
Zeev Hechter, Amir Hechter, and Jack Prober also pleaded guilty and admitted
that they participated in the bribery on behalf of Ocean 18, LLC. Both Prober
and Amir Hechter admitted writing personal checks to Moreno and Sanabria in
order to assist the bankers in evading taxes on the illegal income. Zeev Hechter
admitted hand-delivering approximately $330,000 in cash to Moreno. Ben Keisari,
who operated the business BGK Investments out of Woodland Hills, California,
also pleaded guilty to participating in the bribery scheme. Keisari admitted
paying more than $350,000 in bribes to Moreno in return for Moreno's help
ensuring that BGK Investments won its bids to purchase mortgage notes from GMAC.

Moreno is the fifth defendant in this bribery ring to be sentenced. On March 2,
2015, Judge Benitez sentenced Zeev Hechter to six months in custody and ordered
him to pay a $50,000 fine and restitution of $165,000. On May 11, 2015, Judge
Benitez sentenced Amir Hechter to 18 months in prison for his role in the
offense, and ordered him to pay a $25,000 fine and restitution of $63,474. On
June 1, 2015, Judge Benitez sentenced Lynda Sanabria to six months in prison
followed by six months of home confinement, and ordered her to pay $40,420 in
restitution to the IRS. And on August 28, 2015, Judge Benitez sentenced Israel
Hechter to 18 months in custody, along with restitution of nearly $400,000.
Jack Prober and Ben Keisari are both scheduled to be sentenced on October 18,
2015, at 9:00 a.m.. Each of these defendants will also be sentenced by Judge
Benitez.
U.S. Attorney Duffy praised the coordinated efforts of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, the Federal Housing Finance Agency-Office of Inspector General,
and Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation to dismantle Moreno's bank
bribery ring.
DEFENDANT SENTENCED TODAY:
Robert Moreno14CR2277-BENAge: 42Tempe, AZ
ADDITIONAL DEFENDANTS:
Israel Hechter14CR2703-BENAge: 47San Diego, CA
Amir Hechter14CR2701-BENAge: 42San Diego, CA
Jack Prober14CR2704-BENAge: 56La Jolla, CA
Zeev Hechter14CR2702-BENAge: 68Aventura, FL
Lynda Sanabria14CR2980-BENAge: 51Rockwall, TX
John Crisci14CR3269-BENAge: 33San Diego, CA
Ben Keisari15CR0550-BENAge: 31Woodland Hills, CA
CHARGES
Conspiracy to commit bank bribery and tax evasion, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §
371. Maximum Penalties: Five years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine or twice the
pecuniary gain or loss resulting from the offense, $100 special assessment,
restitution.
AGENCIES
Federal Bureau of Investigation Federal Housing Finance Agency-Office of
Inspector General Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             344 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

California Supreme Court hears arguments in S.B. County Colonies corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


SACRAMENTO >> The California Supreme Court on Tuesday heard oral arguments from
a prosecutor and a defense attorney in San Bernardino County s Colonies
corruption case. The high court s decision will determine whether bribery
charges will be reinstated against a key defendant in the case or whether the
case will move forward as it now stands.

Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel and defense attorney Stephen Larson, who
represents defendant and Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum, argued for and
against whether an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe can also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe.

The answer is clearly,  yes,   Mandel said Tuesday, addressing the seven Supreme
Court justices.

Though not applicable in all cases, Mandel stressed that the specific facts and
circumstances of the case should determine whether one could be charged with
both crimes. In the case involving Burum, Mandel said the facts support both
charges,

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former San
Bernardino County officials: former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, for facilitating a legal settlement between the
county and Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in November 2006.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing, and all four were present during
Tuesday s hearing.

In her petition to the high court, Mandel argued that California s bribery laws
have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards, and have not
been meaningfully considered in more than half a century.

Larson argued that more than a century of case law has well established that one
cannot be charged with being a bribe giver and also aid and abet in the receipt
of a bribe because the crimes involve different intents. He argued that
prosecutors from the state Attorney General s Office and San Bernardino County
District Attorney s Office, who are jointly prosecuting the case, secured an
indictment against the four defendants using a  creative, innovative charging
scheme.

You re undoing all of that by giving the people this do-over,  Larson told the
Supreme Court justices.

Larson also argued that the only reason prosecutors charged Burum the way they
did was because it was too late to charge him with giving a bribe, The alleged
crimes occurred from July 2005 to November 2006, and by the time the Grand Jury
handed down the indictment in May 2011, the statute of limitations had already
sunsetted to charge Burum with giving bribes.

The arguments raised the question with the high court: should every person
accused of giving a bribe also be charged with aiding and abetting in the
receipt of a bribe? Mandel said only if the facts and evidence support both. And
in the case of Burum, the evidence supports such charges.

Larson, however, argued that the Legislative intent was not meant to establish
such a broad, categorial rule for bribery crimes.

Justice Marvin R. Baxter voiced such a concern.

I m still looking for a case that sets forth a categorial rule,  he said.

Justice Goodwin H. Liu questioned the timing of the case and wondered if
granting such flexibility to prosecutors in the case would open up a Pandora s
Box.

I m wondering how many more cases like this we ll see,  Liu said.

Mandel argued that more than five decades of rulings from appellate courts and
the U.S. Supreme Court allow such charging schemes.

In her petition to the state Supreme Court, she said the state Legislature has
indicated a clear intent to hold bribe offerers criminally liable to the same
extent as those who receive bribes, and that Burum used his  enormous political
power and financial resources to coerce the public officials into accepting his
bribes.

A Grand Jury indicted the four defendants in May 2011. Three months later, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville dismissed five of the seven
felony charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts he was charged
with. McCarville also dismissed one felony count of misappropriation of public
funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the Fourth District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec.
10, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             345 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

California Supreme Court hears arguments in S.B. County Colonies corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


SACRAMENTO >> The California Supreme Court on Tuesday heard oral arguments from
a prosecutor and a defense attorney in San Bernardino County s Colonies
corruption case. The high court s decision will determine whether bribery
charges will be reinstated against a key defendant in the case or whether the
case will move forward as it now stands.

Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel and defense attorney Stephen Larson, who
represents defendant and Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum, argued for and
against whether an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe can also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe.

The answer is clearly,  yes,   Mandel said Tuesday, addressing the seven Supreme
Court justices.

Though not applicable in all cases, Mandel stressed that the specific facts and
circumstances of the case should determine whether one could be charged with
both crimes. In the case involving Burum, Mandel said the facts support both
charges,

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former San
Bernardino County officials: former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, for facilitating a legal settlement between the
county and Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in November 2006.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing, and all four were present during
Tuesday s hearing.

In her petition to the high court, Mandel argued that California s bribery laws
have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards, and have not
been meaningfully considered in more than half a century.

Larson argued that more than a century of case law has well established that one
cannot be charged with being a bribe giver and also aid and abet in the receipt
of a bribe because the crimes involve different intents. He argued that
prosecutors from the state Attorney General s Office and San Bernardino County
District Attorney s Office, who are jointly prosecuting the case, secured an
indictment against the four defendants using a  creative, innovative charging
scheme.

You re undoing all of that by giving the people this do-over,  Larson told the
Supreme Court justices.

Larson also argued that the only reason prosecutors charged Burum the way they
did was because it was too late to charge him with giving a bribe, The alleged
crimes occurred from July 2005 to November 2006, and by the time the Grand Jury
handed down the indictment in May 2011, the statute of limitations had already
sunsetted to charge Burum with giving bribes.

The arguments raised the question with the high court: should every person
accused of giving a bribe also be charged with aiding and abetting in the
receipt of a bribe? Mandel said only if the facts and evidence support both. And
in the case of Burum, the evidence supports such charges.

Larson, however, argued that the Legislative intent was not meant to establish
such a broad, categorial rule for bribery crimes.

Justice Marvin R. Baxter voiced such a concern.

I m still looking for a case that sets forth a categorial rule,  he said.

Justice Goodwin H. Liu questioned the timing of the case and wondered if
granting such flexibility to prosecutors in the case would open up a Pandora s
Box.

I m wondering how many more cases like this we ll see,  Liu said.

Mandel argued that more than five decades of rulings from appellate courts and
the U.S. Supreme Court allow such charging schemes.

In her petition to the state Supreme Court, she said the state Legislature has
indicated a clear intent to hold bribe offerers criminally liable to the same
extent as those who receive bribes, and that Burum used his  enormous political
power and financial resources to coerce the public officials into accepting his
bribes.

A Grand Jury indicted the four defendants in May 2011. Three months later, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville dismissed five of the seven
felony charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts he was charged
with. McCarville also dismissed one felony count of misappropriation of public
funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the Fourth District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec.
10, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             346 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

California Supreme Court hears arguments in Colonies case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


SACRAMENTO >> The California Supreme Court on Tuesday heard oral arguments from
a prosecutor and a defense attorney in San Bernardino County s Colonies
corruption case. The high court s decision will determine whether bribery
charges will be reinstated against a key defendant in the case or whether the
case will move forward as it now stands.

Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel and defense attorney Stephen Larson, who
represents defendant and Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum, argued for and
against whether an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe can also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe.

The answer is clearly,  yes,   Mandel said Tuesday, addressing the seven Supreme
Court justices.

Though not applicable in all cases, Mandel stressed that the specific facts and
circumstances of the case should determine whether one could be charged with
both crimes. In the case involving Burum, Mandel said the facts support both
charges,

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former San
Bernardino County officials: former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, for facilitating a legal settlement between the
county and Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in November 2006.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing, and all four were present during
Tuesday s hearing.

In her petition to the high court, Mandel argued that California s bribery laws
have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards, and have not
been meaningfully considered in more than half a century.

Larson argued that more than a century of case law has well established that one
cannot be charged with being a bribe giver and also aid and abet in the receipt
of a bribe because the crimes involve different intents. He argued that
prosecutors from the state Attorney General s Office and San Bernardino County
District Attorney s Office, who are jointly prosecuting the case, secured an
indictment against the four defendants using a  creative, innovative charging
scheme.

You re undoing all of that by giving the people this do-over,  Larson told the
Supreme Court justices.

Larson also argued that the only reason prosecutors charged Burum the way they
did was because it was too late to charge him with giving a bribe, The alleged
crimes occurred from July 2005 to November 2006, and by the time the Grand Jury
handed down the indictment in May 2011, the statute of limitations had already
sunsetted to charge Burum with giving bribes.

The arguments raised the question with the high court: should every person
accused of giving a bribe also be charged with aiding and abetting in the
receipt of a bribe? Mandel said only if the facts and evidence support both. And
in the case of Burum, the evidence supports such charges.

Larson, however, argued that the Legislative intent was not meant to establish
such a broad, categorial rule for bribery crimes.

Justice Marvin R. Baxter voiced such a concern.

I m still looking for a case that sets forth a categorial rule,  he said.

Justice Goodwin H. Liu questioned the timing of the case and wondered if
granting such flexibility to prosecutors in the case would open up a Pandora s
Box.

I m wondering how many more cases like this we ll see,  Liu said.

Mandel argued that more than five decades of rulings from appellate courts and
the U.S. Supreme Court allow such charging schemes.

In her petition to the state Supreme Court, she said the state Legislature has
indicated a clear intent to hold bribe offerers criminally liable to the same
extent as those who receive bribes, and that Burum used his  enormous political
power and financial resources to coerce the public officials into accepting his
bribes.

A Grand Jury indicted the four defendants in May 2011. Three months later, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville dismissed five of the seven
felony charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts he was charged
with. McCarville also dismissed one felony count of misappropriation of public
funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the Fourth District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec.
10, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             347 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

California Supreme Court hears arguments in Colonies case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


SACRAMENTO >> The California Supreme Court on Tuesday heard oral arguments from
a prosecutor and a defense attorney in San Bernardino County s Colonies
corruption case. The high court s decision will determine whether bribery
charges will be reinstated against a key defendant in the case or whether the
case will move forward as it now stands.

Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel and defense attorney Stephen Larson, who
represents defendant and Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum, argued for and
against whether an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe can also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe.

The answer is clearly,  yes,   Mandel said Tuesday, addressing the seven Supreme
Court justices.

Though not applicable in all cases, Mandel stressed that the specific facts and
circumstances of the case should determine whether one could be charged with
both crimes. In the case involving Burum, Mandel said the facts support both
charges,

Burum stands accused of giving a total of $400,000 in bribes to three former San
Bernardino County officials: former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former
Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, for facilitating a legal settlement between the
county and Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in November 2006.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing, and all four were present during
Tuesday s hearing.

In her petition to the high court, Mandel argued that California s bribery laws
have failed to develop alongside evolving national legal standards, and have not
been meaningfully considered in more than half a century.

Larson argued that more than a century of case law has well established that one
cannot be charged with being a bribe giver and also aid and abet in the receipt
of a bribe because the crimes involve different intents. He argued that
prosecutors from the state Attorney General s Office and San Bernardino County
District Attorney s Office, who are jointly prosecuting the case, secured an
indictment against the four defendants using a  creative, innovative charging
scheme.

You re undoing all of that by giving the people this do-over,  Larson told the
Supreme Court justices.

Larson also argued that the only reason prosecutors charged Burum the way they
did was because it was too late to charge him with giving a bribe, The alleged
crimes occurred from July 2005 to November 2006, and by the time the Grand Jury
handed down the indictment in May 2011, the statute of limitations had already
sunsetted to charge Burum with giving bribes.

The arguments raised the question with the high court: should every person
accused of giving a bribe also be charged with aiding and abetting in the
receipt of a bribe? Mandel said only if the facts and evidence support both. And
in the case of Burum, the evidence supports such charges.

Larson, however, argued that the Legislative intent was not meant to establish
such a broad, categorial rule for bribery crimes.

Justice Marvin R. Baxter voiced such a concern.

I m still looking for a case that sets forth a categorial rule,  he said.

Justice Goodwin H. Liu questioned the timing of the case and wondered if
granting such flexibility to prosecutors in the case would open up a Pandora s
Box.

I m wondering how many more cases like this we ll see,  Liu said.

Mandel argued that more than five decades of rulings from appellate courts and
the U.S. Supreme Court allow such charging schemes.

In her petition to the state Supreme Court, she said the state Legislature has
indicated a clear intent to hold bribe offerers criminally liable to the same
extent as those who receive bribes, and that Burum used his  enormous political
power and financial resources to coerce the public officials into accepting his
bribes.

A Grand Jury indicted the four defendants in May 2011. Three months later, San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville dismissed five of the seven
felony charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts he was charged
with. McCarville also dismissed one felony count of misappropriation of public
funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the Fourth District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

Prosecutors subsequently petitioned the Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec.
10, 2012.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             348 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Postal Employee Arrested for Soliciting Bribes

LENGTH: 214  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Texas
has issued the following news release:



  A Mission man and employee of the U.S. Postal Service (USPS) has been taken
into custody on charges he accepted more than $1,000 in bribes, announced U.S.
Attorney Kenneth Magidson.





 Noe Olvera, 43, was arrested today upon his arrival at work at the USPS
facility in McAllen. He is expected to make an initial appearance before U.S.
Magistrate Peter E. Ormsby Monday morning.



 A federal grand jury returned the indictment under seal Dec. 7, 2016, which was
unsealed today upon his arrest.



 The indictment charges Olvera with accepting a bribe on two separate occasions
in October 2014 totaling $1,200. As a USPS employee, requesting and receiving
these bribe payments are in violation of Olvera's official duty. Olvera
allegedly sought and accepted these bribes from another individual in exchange
for providing lists of postal customer names and addresses.



 The USPS - Office of Inspector General investigated the case with assistance
from the FBI. Assistant U.S. Attorneys David A. Lindenmuth and Roberto Lopez Jr.
are prosecuting the case.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             349 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

County supervisor pleads guilty to taking bribes in Advantage Asphalt fraud case

BYLINE: Phaedra Haywood, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1335 words


Dec. 09--The former Santa Fe County road supervisor pleaded guilty to taking a
bribe from a local contractor, a prosecutor revealed for the first time Monday,
as testimony began in the fraud case against Advantage Asphalt and Seal Coating
and its co-owner, Joe Anthony Montoya.

Former roads supervisor James Martinez -- like his boss, former County Public
Works Director James Lujan, who also has pleaded guilty in the case -- admitted
to taking a trip to Las Vegas, Nev., that was paid for by the owners of the
paving and construction company.

Martinez was the first person charged in the case and pleaded guilty to
demanding or receiving a bribe as part of a deal, according to documents that
were all filed within a 12-minute period on Feb. 8, 2012. But because Martinez'
case was sealed he was never publicly revealed as a figure in the scandal until
Monday.

Five other defendants in the case were indicted about two weeks after Martinez
entered his guilty plea. The only remaining defendants, Advantage and Montoya,
are now standing trial on allegations of defrauding the county of about $1
million between 2008 and 2010.

Attorneys for the prosecution and the defense sketched the outlines of their
views of the case during opening statements Monday.

Prosecutor Regina Ryanczak said it all began in 2008 when Advantage won a bid to
build a trash transfer station in Stanley. That's when Montoya and Lujan met,
Ryanczak said, and began the "chit chat among men doing their work." That led to
discussion of other projects the company might be able to do for the county.

Montoya told Lujan that his company had just been awarded an on-call contract
for miscellaneous concrete work from the city of Santa Fe, the prosecutor said,
and that Lujan could "piggyback" on that contract, which would keep him from
putting other projects out to bid.

"Lujan thought that was a great idea," Ryanczak said. "And Montoya said 'if you
get me the jobs, we can both make some money.' Lujan knew what he was saying,"
she said. "You get me some work and I'll you get you some money. The plan was
made, the deal was sealed, and Lujan put the process in motion."

Less than two weeks later, Ryanczak said, Lujan had begun funneling work to
Advantage that had not been put out to bid.

Lujan was promptly rewarded, Ryanczak said, with a trip to Las Vegas for himself
and his son, who was just turning 21. This included plane tickets, hotel rooms
and $1,000 in cash for spending money, she said.

Lujan continued sending work Montoya's way, Ryanczak said, and also started
directing county staff to "help" Advantage with projects by sending the county's
own employees, equipment and materials to job sites the paving company was
working on.

The prosecutor said Martinez was at a point in his career during which he didn't
feel he could question his boss, Lujan, but did at some point say that it was
wrong to use county resources on jobs Advantage was billing the county to
complete. Right around then, Ryanczak said, is when Martinez got his first trip
to Las Vegas paid for by Advantage.

Not only did the company use the county's own equipment, workers and materials,
the prosecutor said, it also didn't complete jobs to specifications, cutting
corners here and there in ways that saved it money. This included substituting
different materials or methods, the prosecutor said, and not putting the correct
quantities of certain materials, such as base course on roads it paved.

But invoices, prosecutor said, continued to read as if the work was being done
to specifications by Advantage crews and with materials that the company had
purchased.

As this was going on, Ryznack said, Montoya and Lujan became increasingly
chummy, and would regularly visit job sites together. "They were there," she
said. "They saw. They directed."

Road projects mentioned in court Monday included work on Avenida Vista Grande,
Raven's Ridge, Paseo del Angel and Rio en Medio.

Finally, Ryanczak said, Martinez expressed his concerns about the way things
were being handled to a fellow Public Works Department supervisor, who reported
them to the county attorney's office, which in turn called the Santa Fe County
Sheriff's Office.

Sheriff's Office Cpl. James Yeager, who became lead detective on the
investigation, said his investigation prompted a call from someone at Rancho
Viejo, a large subdivision south of Santa Fe where Advantage Asphalt had been
doing work.

Yeager said a manager at the subdivision told him he had concerns about some
funny-looking invoices for soil testing that Advantage had been submitting. A
search of the Montoyas' properties revealed what appeared to be evidence that
the invoices were being doctored in some way, Yeager said.

By the end of his investigation, Ryznaik said, Yeager had evidence of wrongdoing
on the part of Advantage from both Rancho Viejo and Santa Fe County.

"Advantage Asphalt and Anthony Montoya engaged in a systematic pattern of
bribery and fraud fueled by greed," she concluded. "Unfortunately for Advantage
Asphalt and Anthony Martinez, they left a paper trail, a very large one."

Sam Bregman, attorney for Joe Anthony Montoya, and Monnica Garcia, attorney for
Advantage, presented a different take on the situation.

"Anthony Montoya never bribed anyone, never created a false invoice, never
committed fraud, never conspired to commit fraud," Bregman said.

The piggyback contract was on the up-and-up, Bregman said, and Advantage did
good work for the county. If anything, Bregman said, it was Santa Fe County's
own incompetence and mistakes in procurement that led to the confusion in the
first place. The issues between Santa Fe County and the paving company -- which
he characterized as disputes over a quarter-inch difference here or there --
might be grounds for a civil suit, he said, but they certainly weren't grounds
for criminal charges.

As for the accusations that the company falsified invoices presented to Rancho
Viejo, Bregman said the subdivision's developers -- whom he contends still owe
his client money and were already locked in civil litigation with the paving
company -- were taking advantage of an opportunity to accuse Advantage of
wrongdoing.

Bregman said the state had no proof that any of the invoices in question had
been drafted, permitted, submitted or even seen by Montoya. He returned to this
line of argument later during his cross examination of Yeager, repeatedly asking
the officer what proof he had that tied Montoya to the creation of the invoices.
Yeager repeatedly answered he had none.

Garcia, the attorney for Advantage, repeated some of the same arguments in her
opening statement, adding that the county had no written contract with Advantage
that specified how the work was to be done, that the county knew its own
resources were being used on some of the jobs and that each of the road projects
was guaranteed by bond insurance that could have been tapped to fix any problems
that arose, but never was.

"The county is making a scapegoat out of a good company in an attempt to cover
up its own negligence," she said.

Testimony is scheduled to continue Tuesday, when Lujan is expected to be called
as a witness.

The trial is scheduled to continue until as late as Dec. 23, but it could be
shortened by the fact that about a dozen witnesses the state intended to call
won't be allowed to testify because District Judge Jim Hall ruled Monday that
the state didn't give the defense adequate notice that the witnesses would be
called.

Among the witness names submitted by the state in November -- about a month
after a September deadline -- were Nicholas Montoya, Joe Anthony Montoy's son
and part owner of the company, and Denice Sanchez, a former county employee who
was originally charged in the case but later had the charges against her
dismissed.

Contact Phaedra Haywood at 986-3068 or phaywood@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141209-SF-County-supervisor-pleads-guilty-to-taking-bribes
-in-Advantage-Asphalt-fraud-case-1209-20141209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                             350 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                June 26, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

G.E. UNDER INQUIRY ON ALLEGED PAYOFF FUND

BYLINE: By United Press International

SECTION: Section D; Page 4, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 641 words


The Justice Department is investigating whether the General Electric Company set
up an illegal $1 million fund to obtain a 1974 contract to build an electric
generating plant in Puerto Rico, according to court records.

The investigation so far has led to the indictment of a Montvale, N.J., company
on a bribery count involving a Puerto Rican official.  In a Federal court
hearing in May, a Justice Department attorney said the Government was
considering a superseding indictment that would name G.E. as a defendant.

G.E., in a statement yesterday, said it became ''concerned'' about circumstances
of the contract's award and in 1975 reported the matter to United States and
Puerto Rican authorities.

G.E. said it was continuing to cooperate with investigators, including the
Justice Department. It said no confirmation of any bribe attempt had been found.

''The matter now has been under active investigation by United States Government
enforcement agencies for over three years, and to date there is still a question
whether any money was paid to any official,'' Walter A. Schlotterbeck, G.E.'s
general counsel, said.

A Political Issue

The one-count indictment, returned by a Federal grand jury in Newark, charged
Twombly Inc. of Montvale, a subcontractor for the construction of the generating
plant at Aguirre, P.R., with using interstate commerce in a bribe scheme to help
G.E. obtain the $87 million contract. The company pleaded not guilty.

The bribe allegedly was intended for Carlos Velazquez Toro, former operation
systems director for the Puerto Rico Water Resources Authority, which sought
bids for the project in 1973 and awarded the contract to G.E. in 1974. Mr.
Velazquez retired from the government agency in 1976 and died last year.

In San Juan, P.R., which has been plagued with frequent power blackouts
attributed to the Aguirre plant, the alleged bribe scheme erupted yesterday as a
political issue in the campaign for the commonwealth's November elections.

Alberto Bruno Vega, executive director of the Puerto Rico Electric Power
Authority, said the agency was considering suing G.E. for $150 million for
allegedly ''faulty'' construction and design of the plant.

Justice Department attorneys said they had been unable to determine yet whether
Mr. Velazquez actually received a bribe, but Federal investigators have gone to
Bermuda in an attempt to trace a money trail from Twombly Inc.'s New Jersey bank
to a Bermuda concern also involved in the Aguirre project.

In Hamilton, Bermuda, a court hearing is scheduled next week on the American
request to obtain records from the Bermuda National Bank and from employees of
Turbo Electric Equipment Ltd.

Turbo is a subsidiary of Turbine Services Ltd. of Schenectady, N.Y., which is
headed by a former G.E. employee, Charles Mothon.  G.E. manufactures turbines in
Schenectady. According to papers in the Hamilton court case, a $1 million bribe
fund allegedly was established for G.E. to obtain the Aguirre contract.

In an unpublicized hearing May 8 before United States District Judge Anne
Thompson in Trenton, where the Twombly case has been transferred, the judge
asked Justice Department attorneys to clarify previous statements that other
defendants beside Twombly Inc. may be named in the alleged bribery scheme.

Barbara Corprew, an attorney in the department's multinational fraud division,
responded, ''The Government expects to return, hopefully, a superseding
indictment as to other individuals who are not yet indicted.''

''I did indicate that one of those individuals is Mr. Vernon Twombly personally
and I did also indicate that possibly we would bring a superseding indictment
against the General Electric Company,'' she said.

Donald Horowitz, attorney for Mr. Twombly, head of the concern bearing his name,
refused comment yeterday in the case.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             351 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 7, 2010 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

El-Amin receives 18 months Judge tells him: 'You stomped on those you
represented' by taking bribe.

BYLINE: by jake wagman o jwagman@post-dispatch.com > 314-622-3580

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: 0


ST. LOUIS - On a day when his former colleagues kicked off a legislative session
focused on ethics reform, ex-state Rep. Talibdin "T.D." El-Amin learned the
consequences of his own ethical transgressions.

El-Amin was sentenced to a year and a half in prison Wednesday, about three
months after pleading guilty to a federal bribery charge.

Though the prison term is on the low end of what El-Amin could have received -
sentencing guidelines called for as much as 24 months - the judge delivered the
punishment with a stern rebuke of the disgraced lawmaker's conduct.

U.S. District Judge Henry Edward Autrey called El-Amin's behavior "unethical and
un-American," flushing any good deeds he may have done in his three years in
office "down the veritable political toilet."

"You stomped on those you represented," Autrey said. "You spit in their face for
a few dollars."

In addition to the prison time, Autrey ordered El-Amin to pay restitution of
$2,100, the amount the St. Louis Democrat was accused of taking in bribes.

El-Amin submitted his resignation in the fall, shortly after admitting he
accepted cash in exchange for helping a gas station owner in a dispute with City
Hall.

A "classic shakedown," Assistant U.S. Attorney Hal Goldsmith said in court
Wednesday.

While the operator of the gas station really was at loggerheads with the city,
he was also cooperating with the FBI, secretly recording the bribe transaction.

El-Amin was so concerned about his office being "bugged," Goldsmith said, that
he used written notes to communicate the bribe request. The subterfuge was for
naught - a hidden video camera captured the exchange of notes across El-Amin's
desk.

"This defendant sold his public office, plain and simple," Goldsmith told the
judge. "He sold it for cash."

El-Amin is the third former St. Louis-area legislator Goldsmith has prosecuted
in the last six months. Former state Sen. Jeff Smith, D-St. Louis, and ex-Rep.
Steve Brown, D-Clayton, pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice charges
stemming from a 2004 campaign cover-up.

Brown, who helped collect evidence against Smith, was given probation. Smith
reported this week to a federal prison camp in Kentucky to serve his sentence of
a year and day.

El-Amin was actually campaigning to replace Smith in the Senate before his legal
troubles emerged.

The rash of lawmaker convictions has led leaders in the state House and Senate
to make an ethics overhaul a top priority of the 2010 session, which began
Wednesday in Jefferson City.

In St. Louis, El-Amin, wearing a sport coat and open collar in court, seemed
sanguine about his punishment.

"The message to young people is do not get into a position where you leave your
fate in the hands of a judge," El-Amin, 39, said on the courthouse steps. "Don't
break the law."

After talking to reporters, El-Amin jumped into a black Ford Mustang that was
waiting for him outside the courthouse.

The special election to replace El-Amin is Feb. 2. It features the 1st Ward's
Karla May, running as an independent, against Democrat Hope Whitehead.

"You stomped on those you represented. You spit in their face for a few
dollars." U.S. District Judge Henry Edward Autrey

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Laurie Skrivan  o  lskrivan@post-dispatch.com  Laurie Skrivan  o
lskrivan@post-dispatch.com Former state Rep. Talibdin "T.D." El-Amin speaks to
the news media Wednesday outside the federal courthouse in St. Louis after he
was sentenced to 18 months in prison for soliciting and accepting a bribe.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             352 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             July 9, 2014 Wednesday

Bribe pal fingers Halloran

BYLINE: Laurel Babcock and Rich Calder

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 208 words


Former Bronx GOP Chairman Joseph "Jay" Savino pointed out ex-City Councilman Dan
Halloran for jurors on Tuesday as the "quarterback" of a failed $200,000 bribery
scheme to get Democratic state Sen. Malcolm Smith the Republican line in last
year's mayoral race.

"Have you ever accepted a bribe?" federal prosecutor Justin Anderson asked
Savino, who pleaded guilty in November to pocketing $15,000 as part of the
scheme.

"Yes," he answered, and when asked who arranged the bribe, Savino said, "Dan
Halloran."

Anderson later showed the jury transcripts of text messages between Halloran and
Savino on Valentine's Day 2013, shortly after Savino allegedly secured his cash
bribe during a meeting outside Sparks Steak House in Manhattan.

Halloran tells Savino in a text, "Tell me u love me."

Savino replied, "I am ­f--king freaking. u are my ­f--king Valentine. I f--king
love you."

Savino said he wasn't interested in Halloran romantically, just excited he had
scored "$15,000" through a retainer for a no-show consulting job.

Halloran is accused of pocketing $20,500 in bribes for masterminding cross-party
negotiations to get Smith the Republican line in last year's mayoral race.

Halloran faces up to 45 years behind bars if convicted.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             353 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Attempt to bribe federal judge alleged in Zetas horse-racing scam

BYLINE: By Marty Schladen / Austin Bureau

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


AUSTIN - As a Mexican businessman testified in court Thursday, law enforcement
was preparing to unseal a criminal complaint that he had attempted to give a $1
million bribe to the federal judge he was sitting next to.

Federal authorities Friday morning announced the attempted bribery complaint
against the businessman and a defendant who was sentenced on Thursday to 20
years in prison. Francisco Colorado Cessa was convicted in May on charges that
he participated in a scheme to launder Los Zetas drug proceeds by purchasing
racehorses in the United States - including Ruidoso.

As part of the case, El Pasoan Raul Ramirez, 21, was sentenced to a year in
prison Friday to a relatively minor role in the case. He pleaded guilty to
placing bids on racehorses that were paid for with Zeta money.

Next to Jose Trevino Morales, the brother of two of the Zetas' top leaders,
Colorado was the biggest player to be convicted in the U.S. horse racing
conspiracy, which also involved doping horses and fixing races.

Colorado's business partner, Ramon Segura Flores, 52, on Thursday testified that
payments to his company, ADT Petroleos Servicios, came from Pemex, the Mexican
national oil company, and not from the brutal Zetas, as federal prosecutors had
asserted.

Segura was in court for the Colorado's sentencing hearing. The complaint
prosecutors unsealed later that night accuses Segura and Colorado of plotting to
bribe Judge Sam Sparks to give Colorado a lesser sentence than the 20 years that
had been recommended.

Also charged was Colorado's son, Francisco Colorado Cessa Jr., 25. U.S. Attorney
Robert Pitman said that all three men face a maximum five-year prison sentence
as a consequence of the charges.

The criminal complaint says that Segura and Colorado Jr. plotted with an
undercover FBI agent to give Sparks a $250,000 "down payment" on the $1 million
bribe in a golf bag at an Austin-area golf course. Authorities said Sparks was
unaware of the plot.

In the complaint, federal authorities said they learned of the bribery scheme
from a confidential source and by monitoring telephone calls by Colorado, who
was held at the Bastrop County Jail, and his son.

"The latest allegation, if proven, demonstrates that individuals associated with
the most violent drug cartel believe they can corrupt what we hold as the
bedrock of American justice - the United States courts," Pitman said in a
statement. "This community should rest assured that we will sop at nothing to
send the message that we are one step ahead of them and if they continue to try
to function as they do in Mexico, we will find them, we will stop them, and we
will do whatever it takes to ensure they are punished to the full extent of the
law."

Segura contended that ADT's profits came from legitimate work the company did
for Pemex.

But prosecutors said it was part of a money-laundering scheme in which millions
in Zeta money were paid to Mexican politicians who pressured the oil company to
give ADT lucrative contracts. ADT in turn paid millions for quarter horses in
the United States that ended up in the possession of Jose Trevino.

Trevino's brother, Miguel Angel Trevino Morales, was believed to be the top
leader of the Zetas until he was captured by Mexican authorities in July.
Another brother, Oscar Omar Trevino Morales, is still at large and could be
leading the cartel now that his brother is incarcerated.

Miguel and Oscar Trevino are wanted in the U.S. as part of the racehorse
conspiracy.

Fernando Solis Garcia, 30, a Mexican citizen who lived in Ruidoso, was sentenced
to 13-and-a-half years Thursday for his role in the scheme. Starting in 2010,
Garcia ran a horse barn financed by the Zetas in Ruidoso and managed some of the
business affairs of the horse operation, which extended into Oklahoma, Texas and
California.

Marty Schladen may be reached at mschladen@elpasotimes.com; 512-479-6606.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this June 12, 2012 file photo, FBI agents overlook a horse
ranch under investigation in Lexington, Okla. A federal judge in Texas sentenced
Jose Trevino Morales, the brother of two Mexican cartel leaders to 20 years in
prison on Thursday, Sept. 5, 2013, for running a money laundering operation from
a sprawling horse ranch in Oklahoma. Sentencing is also expected for Francisco
Antonio Colorado Cessa, Fernando Solis Garcia, Eusevio Maldonado and Raul
Ramirez, who pleaded guilty in April to a lesser money laundering charge. (AP
Photo/Brett Deering, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             354 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Two New Jersey Women Admit Roles In Plots To Bribe Corrections Officers To
Smuggle Contraband Into Essex County Jail

LENGTH: 555  words


TRENTON, N.J.  Two women today admitted their involvement in schemes to bribe
corrections officers to smuggle contraband to inmates inside the Essex County
Jail, a federal pretrial detention facility, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Deidra Harrison, 51, of Newark, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Mary L. Cooper to Count One of an indictment charging her with conspiring
to commit extortion under color of official right. Karen Adrianzen, 38, of North
Bergen, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper to
an information charging her with conspiring to pay bribes to Essex County Jail
corrections officers. Harrison and Adrianzen have both been released on bail.

According to the documents filed in this case, other cases, and statements made
in court:

In November 2013, Channel Lespinasse, 32, of Florham Park, New Jersey, a
corrections officer at the Essex County Jail and Harrisons daughter, agreed to
deliver a cell phone to an inmate inside the Essex County Jail in exchange for
$1,000. Harrison retrieved the cell phone and the $1,000 payment from an FBI
undercover agent outside of the jail and passed the cell phone and the cash
payment along to Lespinasse. Lespinasse then smuggled the cell phone into the
jail and delivered it to the inmate.

On multiple occasions between September 2013 and May 2014, Jason Perez, 40, of
Guttenberg, New Jersey, a federal pretrial detainee at the Essex County Jail,
directed Adrianzen to pay cash bribes to various Essex County Jail corrections
officers. At Perezs direction, Adrianzen obtained contraband, including
marijuana and cell phones, and delivered them to the corrections officers along
with the cash bribes. After the corrections officers delivered the contraband to
Perez, he ultimately sold the marijuana and cell phones to other inmates in the
jail, who paid for the contraband via Western Union money transfers executed by
their friends and family. Adrianzen and others collected the money transfers on
Perezs behalf.

The charge for conspiring to commit extortion under color of official right, to
which Harrison pleaded guilty, carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison
and a $250,000 fine. The charge of conspiring to bribe public officials, to
which Adrianzen pleaded guilty, carries a maximum potential penalty of five
years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing for Harrison and Adrianzen is
scheduled for June 3, 2016 and May 31, 2016, respectively.

On Jan. 13, 2015, Lespinasse pleaded guilty to conspiring to commit extortion
under color of official right and awaits sentencing on April 20, 2016. Perez
pleaded guilty to conspiring to pay bribes to public officials on May 4, 2015
and awaits sentencing on March 1, 2016.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Andrew Campi in Newark, and investigators with
the Internal Affairs Division of Essex County Jail, under the leadership of
Warden Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to todays pleas.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorneys Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Organized Crime/Gangs Unit in Newark.

Defense counsel:

Harrison: Frank Guzman, Jersey City, New Jersey 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             355 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 760 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and
submitting a false corporate tax return."This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co
undermines the very fabric of good governance that we all hope and expect from
our local officials," said Riverside County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach,
during a news conference Tuesday at the District Attorney's Office. "Let me say
this to the good citizens of Moreno Valley. They deserve better and they should
demand better leadership than this. In conclusion, I will not rest until all of
the corruption has been eradicated from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have
been brought to justice. The city of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less."

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney's Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate
broker."Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a
series of bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council," said
Timothy Delaney, FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal
division. "He used confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions
as a bargaining chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were
playing a game of monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the
citizens of Moreno Valley." Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from
November 2010 until he resigned in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges
being filed against him. That case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials
said.The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years.
The tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.He is
scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.According to the
federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an FBI informant,
and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with the FBI in the
fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property he owned,
promising he would use his voting "control" on the City Council to change the
zoning of the property to increase the land value. He proposed a purchase price
of $5.36 million for the property, which was appraised for $710,000, and said he
would list a $3 million sale price on public documents and accept $2.36 million
in cash.Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was
videotaped and photographed.Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign
contributions from the operatives, promising the money would be used to fund
campaigns of councilmembers who would vote with him on land use issues."The case
against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation," said U.S. Attorney Andre
Birotte Jr, at the news conference. "Mr. Co is the first person to be charged in
that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor will I say if
any other individual will be charged." Authorities also served search warrants
at the homes of Moreno Valley councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and
Mayor Tom Owings, said John Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District
Attorney's Office. Hall said searches have also been conducted in the past year
at city hall.The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task
Force, which includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement
agencies. The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire
public officials. The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San
Bernardino International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges
being filed against former airport developer Scot Spencer.It also investigated
alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb Quincey, who has been
charged with misappropriation of public funds and other crimes. Other former
Upland officials are tied to that case, including former Upland Mayor John
Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in federal prison on a
bribery charge. In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack
Systems, received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on
the corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea
agreement filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             356 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Webb County, Texas Commissioner Sentenced to 76 Months in Prison for Accepting
Bribes in Exchange for Official Actions

LENGTH: 373  words


Washington,D.C.: FBI - Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of United
States of America has issued the following news release:

An elected county commissioner for Precinct 1 of the Webb County Commissioners
Court in Texas was sentenced today to 76 months in prison for accepting bribes
in exchange for official actions.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs of the FBI's San
Antonio Division made the announcement. U.S. District Judge Marina Garcia
Marmolejo of the Southern District of Texas imposed the sentence.

Kristopher Michael Montemayor, 37, of Laredo, Texas, pleaded guilty to one count
of federal programs bribery on June 19, 2014. In addition to the prison
sentence, he was ordered to pay a fine of $109,405.72 and to forfeit $13,721.16.

In his plea agreement, Montemayor admitted that he solicited and accepted
multiple bribes in exchange for promising to perform official acts.
Specifically, Montemayor admitted that he accepted three separate bribe payments
totaling $11,000 and over $2,700 in electronics and other merchandise, including
two Apple iPads and two pairs of Dr. Dre Beats Solo HD headphones, from a
businessman who, unbeknownst to Montemayor, was an undercover law enforcement
agent. In exchange for the cash and the other items, Montemayor promised to take
various forms of official action to promote the business interests of the
undercover agent.

Montemayor also admitted to accepting a 2012 Ford F-150 pick-up truck, worth
approximately $37,000, in exchange for providing government jobs to the vehicle
owner and his spouse. As a result of these appointments, the vehicle owner and
his wife received salaries of $26,000 and $45,553 from Webb County. Montemayor
admitted that the vehicle owner performed little or no work in exchange for his
government salary.

The case was investigated by the Laredo Resident Agency of the FBI's San Antonio
Division. The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Emily Rae Woods and Mark J.
Cipolletti of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             357 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   November 30, 1995, Thursday, City Edition

Report on missing mariner suggests Orimulsion bribe

BYLINE: TIM ROCHE

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 269 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



Another twist has developed in the mysterious disappearance of marine
researcher Lee Chapin - an unsubstantiated allegation that he was offered a  $
100,000 bribe to change his testimony opposing a controversial tar fuel known
as Orimulsion.

The bribe was mentioned briefly in a private investigator's report released
this week by Pinellas County sheriff's detectives.

Chapin told Tallahassee tavern owner Jerry Ayers, a longtime friend, that  he
had been offered the money by the Venezuelan group exporting Orimulsion to
Florida.

The remarks were made while Chapin and his wife were lobster fishing with  Ayers
in the Keys on Aug. 18 - two days before Chapin called a former  girlfriend in
Nevada to say that his wife had died, he was quitting his job  and he was
leaving town.

After Chapin's empty boat was found on a sandbar at Fort De Soto Park on  Oct.
17, his wife learned from a friend that Chapin had told Ayers about a  bribe.
Leah Chapin also has learned that her husband faked his drowning and  has driven
across country on a motorcycle.

Chapin's testimony was not considered crucial by environmentalist lawyers  in
the Orimulsion hearings, but his wife said Chapin seemed nervous. Leah  Chapin
said her husband still never mentioned any bribe to her.

But officials at the Boca Raton-based company marketing and distributing
Orimulsion adamantly denied Wednesday that Chapin was bribed. "We are not  that
type of company," said Juan Pulgar, president of the Bitor America  Corp., a
division of the petroleum company controlled by the Venezuelan  government.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; LEE CHAPIN

                    Copyright 1995 Times Publishing Company


                             358 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 August 19, 1998, Wednesday, THREE STAR EDITION

NATION

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4, NATION BRIEFS COLUMN

LENGTH: 1114 words



Jury foreman, parents are indicted for accepting bribes

A jury foreman was indicted Tuesday in Miami on charges he took a half-million
dollar bribe to vote to acquit two men accused of making $ 2 billion smuggling
cocaine into the United States. Miguel D. Moya, 35, was taken into custody after
pleading innocent to six counts of bribery, obstruction of justice and
conspiracy. Moya allegedly spent the bribe money on a Cadillac, a Rolex watch, a
house and a boat. Also indicted were Moya's parents, Rafaela and Jose Moya, who
have yet to be arrested. They are accused of helping their son conceal about $
500,000 in bribes. The investigation into the Moya family was begun shortly
after Augusto "Willie" Falcon and Salvador "Sal" Magluta were acquitted in 1996
on charges they smuggled 75 tons of Colombian cocaine into the country. Moya
faces up to 55 years in prison if convicted. His parents each face a maximum
sentence of 15 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines.

New statistics detail impact of assisted-suicide law

Eight people have died in Oregon with help from doctors under the nation's only
assisted-suicide law since the measure took effect last fall. Doctors prescribed
lethal drugs to 10 patients under the Oregon law, but two died from their
illnesses without using the drugs, said Dr. Katrina Hedberg, an Oregon Health
Division epidemiologist. The Oregon Health Division on Tuesday released its
first figures on deaths under the law, which was first approved by Oregon voters
in 1994 and reaffirmed at the ballot box last November. The law allows a doctor
to prescribe a lethal dose of medication to hasten the death of a terminally ill
patient. It went into effect last October, the month after supporters won a long
federal court battle. The law has also withstood opposition from the Roman
Catholic Church, the American Medical Association and Congress.

Judge puts temporary stop to bilingual-education ban

Despite a voter-approved ban on bilingual education in most public classrooms in
California, a federal judge has temporarily ordered San Jose schools to offer
bilingual classes for Spanish-speaking students when school begins next month.
In an order made public Monday, U.S. District Judge Ronald Whyte ruled that
Proposition 227, approved by voters in November, conflicts with existing federal
anti-discrimination measures imposed on the San Jose Unified School District in
1994. Whyte ordered the district to obey the federal measures and offer
bilingual education until a final decision is issued, possibly in November.
Celia Ruiz, the school district's attorney, said she thinks Whyte will make his
order permanent, which would make San Jose the only school district that can
legally continue its bilingual program.

Ohio woman is killed by car while escaping two dogs

A woman trying to get away from two Rottweilers stepped in front of a car and
was killed, Columbus, Ohio, authorities said Tuesday. "One witness said they
were nipping at her heels," said Franklin County sheriff's Cpl. Dave McMannis.
"She was dancing to get away from them." The dogs had gotten out of their
backyard pen Monday by chewing through a cord that secured the cage, he said.
They had been running loose most of the afternoon and had chased other people
before Kimela D. Foster, 38, walked by, McMannis said. To get away from the
dogs, Foster stepped into the street and was struck, he said. No charges will be
filed against the driver. Authorities had not decided if charges would be filed
against the dogs' owner. The dogs were captured and placed in county custody.

Black enrollment fluctuates at California law school

The law school at the University of California at Berkeley has increased its
black enrollment for this fall to nine students, up from the lone black student
who enrolled last year. Still, this year's figures are well below affirmative
action levels. The dean at the Boalt Hall law school saw the increase as a
positive sign. "The most significant thing that happened is we seem to have
overcome the feeling of hostility that some folks out in the community had about
us," Herman Hill Kay said Monday. There are 275 students entering Boalt this
fall. UC regents voted in 1995 to drop race and gender as factors in admissions,
a change that took effect for graduate students last fall and undergraduates
this fall. Of 14 black students invited to enroll last fall, none responded. The
one who did enroll had deferred his admission from 1996. The previous year, 20
blacks had enrolled.

Health concerns raise question of fair tobacco trial

Most of the tobacco companies involved in Minnesota's lawsuit against the
industry want to know if the judge's health problems affected their ability to
get a fair trial. In District Court papers filed Monday in St. Paul, all of the
companies except Liggett Group Inc. asked that Judge Kenneth Fitzpatrick give
them access to his medical records. They also asked that the records be reviewed
in private by Chief Judge Lawrence Cohen. In June, Gov. Arne Carlson granted
Fitzpatrick's request to take early disability retirement, effective July 31,
because of health problems. Fitzpatrick said the trial, which ended in May with
a $ 6.6 billion settlement for the state and Blue Cross and Blue Shield of
Minnesot a, damaged his fragile health. The judge said he experienced an
irregular heartbeat and anxiety during the trial.

Section of Texas oil rig falls, killing two workers

A 215-ton piece of an oil rig under construction in Texas fell and killed two
workers. The 60-foot section broke loose Monday when a cable snapped on a crane
that was lifting it. The rig was being erected at a shipyard in Sabine Pass,
about 90 miles east of Houston, for use in drilling for oil and gas in the North
Sea. Josh Warnock, 37, and Sammy Schooley, 31, were killed. Another man was
injured and was in stable condition.

Protection efforts aid rise in rhinoceros population

Africa's black and white rhinos, two of the world's five remaining species of
rhinoceros, have been increasing steadily due to anti-poaching efforts and
conservation strategies, an environmentalist group says. Despite the good news,
World Wildlife Fund cautions in a report released today in California that the
latest figures are no cause for complacency, since rhinoceros populations are
still only a fraction of the estimated 1 million that roamed Africa and Asia a
century ago. "The boulder is only partly up the mountain, and if we let go now,
our gains in rhino conservation could quickly be lost," said Ginette Hemley, the
group's vice president for species conservation.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo - Plane comes down in Kansas field
 Sheila Berman of Colorado Springs, Colo., talks on a cellular phone after the
plane piloted by her husband, Mike (right), crashed in a plowed field in Hays,
Kan., on Monday. He suffered a bump on the head and she was uninjured when the
plane had engine problems.

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             359 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 10, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition
                              Correction Appended

PROGRAM WAS BEGUN TO STOP VIOLATORS OF CITY PARKING LAW

BYLINE: By Josh Barbanel

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 515 words


When Mayor Koch announced ''Operation Scofflock'' last year at a City Hall news
conference, he described it as a major enforcement program to crack down on
''hard-core'' parking violators.

Under the program, he said, silver-colored tow trucks equipped with computer
terminals would roam city streets, identifying and towing parked cars owned by
New Yorkers who failed to pay parking tickets.

''We are putting the lock on scofflaws,'' he said at a City Hall news
conference. ''No longer can they get off the hook.''

In the first nine months of the program, before it was ended amid allegations of
corruption, 6,000 cars were towed under the program.

Series of Agreements

The tow trucks were operated by private collection companies under a series of
agreements but without a formal city contract - a system which, prosecutors now
say, was riddled with bribery and extortion at several levels for the ''corrupt
profit of county leaders, public officials, private businesses and private
businessmen.''

Yesterday the Bronx Democratic leader, Stanley M. Friedman, was indicted on
charges of paying bribes as part of a criminal racketeering enterprise involving
the Parking Violations Bureau. Mr. Friedman denied the charges.

An examination of Operation Scofflock records by The New York Times in January
found that the program was run by two collection companies that received several
hundred thousand dollars in commissions while doing virtually no work.

The two collection companies - Systematic Recovery Service and Sennet &
Krumholtz - subcontracted virtually all the work to a third collection company,
the Datacom Systems Corporation, which managed the program and hired private two
operators.

Yesterday's indictment contended that, at the time of the agreement, each of the
three companies had already paid bribes to serve as the agencies collecting
upaid parking tickets at the Parking Violations Bureau.

The bribes, the indictment said, were paid to Borough President of Queens,
Donald R. Manes, who has since committed suicide, and the former deputy director
of the bureau, Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, who is cooperating with authorities.
Lawyers for Mr. Friedman and others indicted yesterday denied the charges or
refused to comment.

Datacom, which the indictment charges had paid bribes for several years until
1982, was not selected by Mr. Lindenauer to run the program directly, even
though it had experience running a similar program towing out-of-state cars.

Instead, the other two companies - which had continued to pay bribes from the
early 1980's through 1986 and had no experience running a towing program - were
authorized by Mr. Lindenauer to set up the operation.

The two companies set up an organization, the Bernard Joint Venture, and agreed
to pay bribes out of their profits to mr. Lindenauer and Mr. Manes, the
indictment charges.

The Bernard Joint Venture was named after Bernard Sandow, president of
Systematic Recovery, and Bernard Sennet, a principal of Sennet & Krumholtz. Both
men are reported to be cooperating with the Federal investigation.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: May 5, 1986, Monday, Late City Final Edition

CORRECTION:
Because of an editing error, an article in Metropolitan Report on April 10 about
a city program to crack down on parking violators misstated what a Federal
indictment depicting corruption in the City Parking Violations Bureau said about
Datacom Systems Corporation, a private collection company. The indictment
charged that two former city officials, in separate incidents, paid $50,000 in
bribes to help Datacom ''obtain revenues'' from the city. Datacom was not
charged with any crime

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             360 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Miami Businessman Pleads Guilty to Foreign Bribery and Fraud Charges in
Connection with Venezuela Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1054  words


The owner of multiple U.S.-based energy companies pleaded guilty yesterday to
foreign bribery and fraud charges for his role in a scheme to corruptly secure
energy contracts from Venezuelas state-owned and state-controlled energy
company, Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA).

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson of the Southern District of
Texas, Acting Special Agent in Charge Sean McElroy of U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcements Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston and
Special Agent in Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigations (IRS-CI) Houston Field Office made the announcement.

Abraham Jose Shiera Bastidas (Shiera), 52, of Coral Gables, Florida, pleaded
guilty yesterday in federal court before U.S. District Judge Gray H. Miller of
the Southern District of Texas in Houston to one count of conspiracy to violate
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and commit wire fraud and one count of
violating the FCPA.  Sentencing is scheduled for July 8, 2016.  Four others
charged in relation to the case have pleaded guilty, including three foreign
officials.

The five convictions announced today hold to account bribe payors as well as the
corrupt foreign officials who laundered the bribe money through the United
States, said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  These individual prosecutions
are the result of a tenacious and coordinated effort by our prosecutors and
agents to unravel a complex web of bribes paid to Venezuelan officials.  And
they demonstrate our commitment to building cases from the ground up, instead of
counting on companies and other wrongdoers to self-disclose their crimes.

The pleas of guilty in this case are the result of the strict enforcement of the
FCPA in this district, said U.S. Attorney Magidson.  Bribery under this law is a
serious federal crime that undermines commercial and political relations around
the world. This case is an example of our reach to expose this criminal conduct.

Shiera was arrested in Miami on Dec. 16, 2015, after a federal grand jury
returned an 18-count indictment against him and Roberto Enrique Rincon Fernandez
(Rincon), 55, of The Woodlands, Texas.  According to admissions made in
connection with Shieras plea, Shiera and Rincon worked together to submit bids
to provide equipment and services to PDVSA through their various companies.
Shiera admitted that beginning in 2009, he and Rincon agreed to pay bribes and
other things of value to PDVSA purchasing analysts to ensure that his and
Rincons companies were placed on PDVSA bidding panels, which enabled the
companies to win lucrative energy contracts with PDVSA.  Shiera also made bribe
payments to other PDVSA officials in order to ensure that his companies were
placed on PDVSA-approved vendor lists and given payment priority so that they
would get paid ahead of other PDVSA vendors with outstanding invoices, he
admitted.

The corruption of foreign officials through bribery has a damaging impact on the
stability of trade, industries and even nations, said Acting Special Agent in
Charge McElroy.  HSI and our partners will tirelessly investigate anyone who
cultivates the corruption of officials abroad and bribe their way to financial
gain.

Bribery and corruption undermines honest, free enterprise and creates an
atmosphere of back room dealing that impairs the ability for honest businesses
to compete, said Special Agent in Charge Goss.  IRS-CI tirelessly untangles the
web of illicit transactions that lead to corrupt individuals being held
accountable.

Judge Miller also unsealed charges yesterday against four other individuals
charged in connection with the investigation.  In January 2016, Moises Abraham
Millan Escobar (Millan), 32, of Katy, Texas, pleaded guilty under seal to one
count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA for his role in the PDVSA bribery
scheme.  Millan was Shieras former employee.  In December 2015, three former
PDVSA officials, Jose Luis Ramos Castillo (Ramos), 38; Christian Javier
Maldonado Barillas (Maldonado), 39; and Alfonzo Eliezer Gravina Munoz (Gravina),
53, all from Katy, each pleaded guilty under seal to conspiracy to commit money
laundering.  As part of their guilty pleas, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina each
admitted that while employed by PDVSA or its wholly owned subsidiaries or
affiliates, they accepted bribes from Shiera and Rincon in exchange for taking
certain actions to assist companies owned by Shiera and Rincon in winning energy
contracts with PDVSA.  Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina also admitted that they
conspired with Shiera and Rincon to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.
Gravina also pleaded guilty to making false statements on his 2010 federal
income tax return by failing to report the bribe payments he received from
Shiera, Rincon and others.  As part of their plea agreements, Shiera, Millan,
Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina all agreed to forfeit proceeds of their criminal
activity.

The charges against Rincon remain pending.  He is charged with one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA and commit wire fraud, one count of conspiracy to
commit money laundering, seven counts of money laundering and four counts of
violating the FCPA.  Rincon was ordered detained pending trial following a
detention hearing held on Dec. 18, 2015, before U.S. Magistrate Judge Nancy K.
Johnson of the Southern District of Texas.  The charges contained in the
indictment are merely accusations, and Rincon is presumed innocent unless and
until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of law.

ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are conducting the ongoing investigation with assistance from
the FBI.  Trial Attorneys Aisling OShea and Jeremy R. Sanders of the Criminal
Divisions Fraud Section and Deputy Chief John Pearson and Assistant U.S.
Attorney Robert S. Johnson of the Southern District of Texas are prosecuting the
case.  Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kristine Rollinson and Vincent Carroll of the
Southern District of Texas are handling the forfeiture aspects of the case.

The Criminal Divisions Office of International Affairs also provided assistance.

Additional information about the departments FCPA enforcement efforts can be
found at www.justice.gov /criminal/fraud/fcpa. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             361 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 7, 2012 Tuesday
                                Regional Edition

Web site encourages Kenyans to join fight against corruption

BYLINE: Sudarsan Raghavan

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 810 words

DATELINE: NAIROBI


Everyone in Kenya knows the phrase "kitu kidogo."

It means "something small" in Swahili, and it refers to the bribes Kenyans pay
minor bureaucrats, such as police officers and utility company employees, to
make life easier. For decades, Kenyans had only their relatives and friends to
complain to. Until now.

A new Web site - I Paid a Bribe - is allowing Kenyans to share their experiences
with bribery. Activists say the site could become a potent weapon in the fight
against graft in one of the world's most corrupt nations.

"It brings a human face to corruption," said Samuel Kimeu, executive director of
Transparency International-Kenya, an anti-corruption watchdog group. "When
people tell their stories the way they do on the Web site, it has the potential
to catalyze action."

Drawing some inspiration from the Arab Spring uprisings, activism appears to be
on the rise here and in many other corners of sub-Saharan Africa. Last year,
protests erupted in Uganda and Malawi over bad governance and other issues. More
recently, Nigerians have demonstrated against corruption and rising fuel prices,
and activists in Senegal have rallied against President Abdoulaye Wade's bid for
a third term.

"I'm calling what's happening in Kenya the 'Bribe Spring,' " said Antony Ragui,
the Web site's 36-year-old founder. "People are fed up with corruption and the
government. The real goal ofI Paid a Bribe is to harness the collective energy
of Kenyans. I am trying to create a network of Kenyans who are
anti-corruption-minded."

Ragui, a financial services consultant with an MBA from the University of
California at Berkeley, said he returned to Kenya in 2007 to find a society that
revolved around corruption. Out of 182 nations, only 28 are more corrupt than
Kenya, according to Transparency International.

"I was tired of people whining about corruption. I wanted to do something about
it," Ragui said.

One day, Ragui read a magazine article about an Indian Web site -
Ipaidabribe.com - that was fighting corruption. He contacted the site, which
agreed to provide the software to start a similar effort in Kenya, its first
spinoff.

Launched last month, Ragui's site is divided into three sections. One part
collects stories about bribes paid, listing the amount as well as where and when
the incident occurred. Another section collects details about people who refused
to pay bribes. And the third provides a forum for instances of honesty, when a
bribe was not required.

More than 400 bribes have been reported; the total amount paid is nearly 9
million Kenyan shillings - or about $110,000.

One contributor wrote about "our depressing first bribe," when she and her
husband were stopped for an illegal U-turn late at night. The police officer
asked her husband to step out of their car and "took everything in his wallet."

"Later, my colleague said, 'Never stop for a policeman on foot - they can't
catch you!' " the woman wrote.

Others described paying police officers to investigate robberies and bribing
bureaucrats to speed up licenses and passports. In many cases, police were
accused of intimidating victims into paying bribes, going so far as to make up
infractions.

Contributors proudly provide advice on how to avoid paying bribes, which usually
involves a lot of patience and bargaining. One person wrote about refusing to
pay off an electricity company worker for reconnecting the power.

"I just told him I could stay in the dark for the whole weekend before he even
saw a coin," the commenter wrote. "I also threatened to call his boss. He
reconnected me, which he should have done instead of aggravating me."

To prevent abuse and possible legal problems, the site's software blocks the
names of bribe payers and recipients. The most vital information, Ragui said, is
where, when and to which government body bribes are paid.

T.R. Raghunandan, a spokesman for the Indian site, said activists in Bangladesh,
Sri Lanka, Thailand, the Philippines and Nigeria have asked how to start sites.

"Working with Antony was very instructing for us," he said in a telephone
interview. "It gives us confidence to work with other countries. Our goal is to
create a worldwide source of fighting corruption."

Ragui said he has met withthe World Bank and other organizations, seeking funds
to expand and publicize the Web site. He wants to add a function that would
allow victims to send text-message complaints to the site, enabling Kenyans to
report corruption in real time.

With the cost of living rising in Kenya, he hopes more people will reject paying
bribes and fight the system.

"If I can change one department in the government,I can die a happy man," he
said.

raghavans@washpost.com

More world news coverage:

- U.S. weighs tactics shift in Afghanistan

- Egypt to prosecute Americans in probe

- Russia and China veto U.N. resolution on Syria

- Read more headlines from around the world

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a Washington
                                  Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                             362 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           December 10, 2005 Saturday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

Agency defends hiring aide with blemished resume

BYLINE: JONI JAMES

SECTION: CITY & STATE; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 558 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


A Florida state agency that has spent the past year under legislative scrutiny
has hired an executive forced out of his last government job because his deputy
took bribes.

The Department of Management Services hired former District of Columbia property
management director Tim Dimond this week as its director of facilities
management. He will oversee 330 employees and the management and leasing of all
state offices and buildings. His annual salary is $100,000.

Dimond resigned his Washington job in June 2003, a month after an auditor called
for him to be fired, saying he failed to properly oversee a deputy director
accused of taking bribes from developers.

Michael Lorusso pleaded guilty last year to taking bribes in exchange for
awarding leasing contracts to a prominent local developer.

Management Services Secretary Tom Lewis said he was fully aware of Dimond's
background and discussed it with Gov. Jeb Bush's staff before he offered Dimond
a job.

Dimond has spent the past two years working as a senior vice president for
Coldwell Banker Commercial in Tysons Corner, Va., and has worked in the
commercial property management industry for 18 years. He is a graduate of Barry
University in Miami.

"It was discussed up front, from the very beginning," Lewis said. "We had very
candid conversations with him where he said he believed he had hired someone who
lied to him and misled him . . . and in the end he did the right thing, he took
responsibility for the performance of his employees and resigned."

Dimond's hire came after an extensive national search over nine months, Lewis
said. "I believe we have hired the best person for the job."

Dimond could not be reached for comment Friday.

The decision drew new ire from one of the department's sharpest critics, state
Sen. Nancy Argenziano, R-Dunnellon, who spent the last legislative session
pushing for more supervision of state contracts.

"The secretary, as far as I'm concerned, has not shown very good
decisionmaking," Argenziano said Friday. "At a time when DMS is being
scrutinized by the legislative process is not the time to hire someone accused
of misfeasance."

Argenziano, whose district includes Tallahassee and the many state employees
there, led more than a half-dozen hearings this spring over bungled state
contracts, including the problem-ridden launch of the state's privatized
personnel services project, known as People First.

More recently, Argenziano, who heads the Senate Government Oversight and
Productivity Committee, has taken aim at the agency's contract with Staubach
Co.-North Florida, a division of the real estate company owned by former Dallas
Cowboys quarterback and Bush family supporter Roger Staubach.

Legislative auditors charged last month that the department had overstated the
$76-million it expected in savings from its contract with Staubach, which
represents the state in all its lease agreements. The company is paid through a
4 percent commission on the leases, which so far, has totaled about $12-million.

Lewis, a former Walt Disney World vice president who took over the department in
March, has stood by the savings estimate. He said legislative auditors were
overestimating some future costs, including real estate taxes.

Information from the Washington Post was used in this report. Joni James can be
reached at (850) 224-7263 or jjames@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: CITY & STATE; METRO & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
Tom Lewis

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             363 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 28, 1983, Friday, Late City Final Edition

JURY GETTING BRIBERY CASE TODAY AGAINST NORTH CAROLINA OFFICIAL

BYLINE: By E. R. SHIPP

SECTION: Section A; Page 23, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: RALEIGH, N.C., Oct. 27


Last year, when Lieut. Gov. James C. Green mentioned to colleagues that a
strange man had offered him a bribe that would be delivered in a flower pot from
the Jaycees, they all had a good laugh.

Barbara Tapscott, a member of the State Board of Education, recalled, ''We all
laughed, and I said, 'He must not be from North Carolina, because he'd know the
Jaycees sell jelly.' ''

But law-enforcement officials have said it was no laughing matter. They have
asserted that Mr. Green agreed to accept $10,000 a month as a bribe from an
agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation who posed as a shady businessman.
In return for the money, it has been charged, Mr. Green would help the
businessman get through governmental red tape.

Case Has Political Overtones

A widely publicized trial on three counts of consenting to a bribe and one count
of accepting a bribe is to go to a jury Friday morning. It must decide whether
Mr. Green was a public official on the take, as the prosecution asserts, or
simply the victim of an overzealous F.B.I. agent who continued to ''hound'' him
even after he had said no, as the defense argues.

The case has had political overtones since it was disclosed last February that
the State Bureau of Investigation was looking into Mr. Green's records. That
investigation came under the direction of the Attorney General, Rufus L.
Edmisten, who, like Mr. Green, was then a potential 1984 gubernatorial
candidate. Mr. Edmisten has said that politics had ''absolutely nothing'' to do
with the investigation.

Whatever the outcome of the trial, many people who watch politics have said that
the negative publicity will probably rule out a candidacy for Mr. Green and
could have an unfavorable impact upon Mr. Edmisten's campaign.

Decades in Public Office

''Edmisten may be tagged, rightly or wrongly, with being part of a process which
killed off the Lieutenant Governor as a political rival,'' said Thad L. Beyle, a
political science professor at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill.

The case was eventually turned over to two lawyers who were made special
prosecutors, James L. Blackburn, a former United States Attorney, and his law
partner, Richard T. Gammon.

Mr. Green, who is 62 years old, is in his second term as Lieutenant Governor and
is a former Speaker of the State House of Representatives. He has held public
office since 1955, when he was elected to the Bladen County Board of Education.

Wide-Ranging Investigation

Mr. Green owns tobacco warehouses in North Carolina, Tennessee and Virginia. He
has never before been charged with a crime.

According to testimony in the trial, Mr. Green came to the attention of Federal
agents who were conducting a two-year investigation into corruption in Columbus
and Bladen Counties. Nearly two dozen people, including several public
officials, were eventually indicted and convicted.

In January 1982, a longtime associate of Mr. Green, Howard F. Watts, introduced
him to John Drdak, the F.B.I. agent who was posing as a businessman named Tom
(Doc) Ryan who supposedly represented a Detroit group that wanted to build a
nightclub in Bolton, a tiny town in Columbus County.

Dispute Over $10,000

Mr. Drdak testified that on Jan. 7, 1982, Mr. Green agreed to accept $10,000 a
month as payment for smoothing the way for Mr. Ryan's business associates.

The defense has tried to poke holes in that story, saying it was far-fetched
that anyone would build a $500,000 nightclub in Bolton and would think that the
Lieutenant Governor could help them obtain a liquor license.

Howard F. Twiggs, one of the defense attorneys, said in his closing argument
that the state asserts Mr. Green agreed to influence the Alcoholic Control Board
''to someday issue a license to a business or club which did not then exist,
which was to do a business at a location yet to be picked on property later to
be purchased in a building later to be built to serve liquor by the drink if a
referendum later did pass.''

Green Cites Own Inquiry

Mr. Green has asserted that he went along with Doc, including meeting with him
several times to discuss how money could be transferred to him surreptitiously,
as part of his own investigation into Doc.

Referring to that testimony, Mr. Blackburn told the jury, ''I say to you that is
bull, baloney.''

The state's case has centered on several conversations between Mr. Green and the
undercover agent that were secretly recorded. In a tape the state has relied
upon, Mr. Green made statements that sound as if he is soliciting money.

But on one tape, Mr. Green returned a $2,000 check to the agent and said: ''I've
never done anything crooked. I just think it's best for the time being I don't
accept it.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             364 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Filth on the menus with side of 'graft'

BYLINE: Linda Massarella

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 455 words


Three city eatery owners were as "dirty as their restaurants,'' offering wads of
cash to try to bribe health inspectors into giving them "A'' letter grades,
authorities said Tuesday.

In one case, a city Department of Health inspector told a joint in Queens that
the live lizard it kept in its fish tank had to go.

"Before leaving the establishment, a worker told the inspector that the
inspector had forgotten something in the bathroom. When the inspector went to
the bathroom, he saw a wad of cash on top of the sink," according to the city
Department of Investigation.

DOI Commissioner Mark Peters said the rogue eateries in The Bronx and Queens
were caught in a sting by undercover agents after real Health Department
inspectors reported that they were being offered bribes at the establishments in
exchange for better regulatory ratings.

"DOI's investigation found that these defendants were as dirty as their
restaurants, offering bribes to health inspectors to look the other way at their
eateries' unsanitary conditions,'' Peters said in a statement.

"However, in New York City, you can't clean up a dirty restaurant with a bribe."

Morie Kabba, 42, of The Bronx was arrested Monday, while Jonathan Niranjan, 28,
and Mohammad Safi, 62, who run establishments in Queens, were busted Tuesday,
all on bribery charges, officials said.

In each instance, the men first tried to bribe inspectors with the Department of
Health and Mental Hygiene, who refused the graft and reported it to higher ups,
authorities said.

Undercovers were then sent in and allegedly offered bribes, too.

At Kabba's Jagana Family Kennedy Fried Chicken at 1375 Boston Road, undercover
inspectors saw uncovered garbage cans, flies buzzing around and food on the
floor in October.

Kabba offered the investigator $160 to ignore it, officials said.

At the Amazura night club at 91-12 144th Place in Jamaica, Queens, a real health
inspector told Niranjan he had to remove the lizard from an aquarium. Niranjan
then allegedly directed him to the cash in the bathroom.

Later, an undercover allegedly found a broken sink, flies in the kitchen and
staff handling food with their bare hands. Niranjan palmed the agent $300 in
cash, according to the complaint.

At the Farm Fried N Curry Chicken at 120-20 Merrick Blvd. in South Jamaica,
Queens, undercover agents also saw staff handling food without gloves and
garbage cans without lids. They also found a broken faucet.

When the undercover inspector pointed out the violations to Safi, he left and
allegedly returned with an envelope containing $200.

While handing it over, Safi asked the agent to give him a card with an "A"
rating, authorities said.

lmassarella@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             365 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

New York: Former President Of The Nicaraguan Soccer Federation And FIFA
Development Officer Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 555  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Julio Rocha pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy in connection with his receipt
of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media and marketing
rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches.  Rocha, the president of the
Nicaraguan soccer federation (FENIFUT) from 1998 to 2012, was the FIFA
development officer for Central America and the Spanish-speaking Caribbean at
the time of his arrest in Zurich, Switzerland on May 27, 2015.  As part of his
plea, Rocha also agreed to forfeit over $292,000.  At sentencing, Rocha faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
Rocha negotiated and accepted bribes totaling over $150,000 in exchange for
exercising his influence as the president of FENIFUT to award a Florida sports
marketing company named Traffic Sports USA, Inc. (Traffic) a contract for the
media and marketing rights to the Nicaraguan national soccer team's home World
Cup qualifier matches for multiple editions of the World Cup, including the 2014
and 2018 editions.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank accounts, often
through intermediaries, to accounts Rocha controlled.  After he stepped down as
president of FENIFUT and was employed by FIFA as a development officer, Rocha
attempted to facilitate Traffic's negotiations with a high-ranking FENIFUT
official for the rights to Nicaragua's World Cup qualifier matches for the 2022
edition of the World Cup in an effort to receive for himself a portion of any
bribe money paid for those rights.



 In addition, Rocha used his position as FENIFUT president to further enrich
himself through other schemes, including one in which he took kickbacks from a
Miami company that he had contracted with on behalf of FENIFUT for the purpose
of obtaining assistance in securing corporate sponsorships for the federation.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Paul Tuchmann, Keith D. Edelman, and
Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New York are in charge of today's
prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             366 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            November 16, 2009 Monday

Pakistan: US ex-lawmaker gets 13 years

LENGTH: 551  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON, Nov. 16 -- A disgraced former US congressman who stashed $90,000 in
his freezer was sentenced to 13 years in prison Friday for accepting hundreds of
thousands of dollars in bribes.William Jefferson, a Democratic lawmaker who
represented a district in the southern state of Louisiana that included part of
New Orleans, was convicted in August on 11 of 16 counts, including bribery,
money laundering and racketeering involving businesses in Africa.The 13-year
prison sentence, far less than the 27 years recommended by prosecutors, is said
to be the longest prison term ever for a US lawmaker convicted on charges of
corruption. The previous record came in 2006, when former Republican congressman
Randall 'Duke' Cunningham received a prison sentence of eight years and four
months for accepting bribes from defence contractors.Jefferson, 62, was also
ordered to forfeit more than $470,000 in assets.

'In a stunning betrayal of the public's trust, former congressman Jefferson
repeatedly used his public office for private gain,' Principal Deputy Assistant
Attorney General Mythili Raman said in a statement.'The lengthy prison sentence
imposed on Mr Jefferson today is a stark reminder to all public officials that
the consequences of accepting bribes can and will be severe.' US District Court
Judge TS Ellis III handed down Jefferson's sentence at an Alexandria, Virginia
courtroom just outside Washington.'We expect to file an appeal at the
appropriate time,' Jefferson's attorney Amy Jackson told AFP. She declined to
comment on the sentence. Following a six-week trial, the jury found that from
2000 to 2005, Jefferson used his post as a US lawmaker to obtain hundreds of
thousands of dollars in bribes from oil, communications, sugar and other
companies in Nigeria, Ghana, Botswana, Equatorial Guinea and the Democratic
Republic of Congo.In turn, he advanced the interests of the businesses and
individuals who paid the bribes, namely through his seat on the powerful House
Ways and Means Committee, the chamber's top tax-writing panel, without
disclosing his own financial dealings with the ventures.'Mr Jefferson's repeated
attempts to sell his office caused significant damage to the public's trust in
our elected leaders,' said US Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia Neil
MacBride. Jefferson's indictment in 2007, which followed a huge FBI corruption
probe, listed a series of alleged schemes in Africa, including
telecommunications deals, oil concessions, satellite transmission contracts and
the development of industrial plants and other facilities.The case came to light
in August 2005, when the Federal Bureau of Investigation raided Jefferson's
Washington home and found the cold cash, allegedly bribe money intended for the
former Nigerian vice president, wrapped in aluminium foil and hidden in frozen
food containers in his freezer.In May 2006, FBI agents raided his congressional
office, the first raid of its kind, in a move denounced by both Democratic and
Republican lawmakers. Despite the exhaustive investigation, Jefferson won
re-election in 2006 but lost a bid to keep his seat last year. Published by HT
Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For more information on news
feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             367 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2016 Friday

New York: Nine Defendants, Including Joseph Percoco, Former Executive Deputy
Secretary To The Governor, And Alain Kaloyeros, President Of Suny Polytechnic
Institute, Charged With Federal Corruption And Fraud Offenses

LENGTH: 2409  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



  Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Adam Cohen, Special Agent-in-Charge of the Buffalo Field Office of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), and Shantelle P. Kitchen, the Special
Agent in Charge of the New York Field Office of the Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation ("IRS-CI"), announced today the unsealing of a Complaint
charging eight defendants with federal public corruption offenses, including
JOSEPH PERCOCO, the former Executive Deputy Secretary to the Governor of the
State of New York, and ALAIN KALOYEROS, the President of SUNY Polytechnic
Institute ("SUNY Poly").  The charges arise from two separate but overlapping
schemes involving bribery, corruption, and fraud in the award of hundreds of
millions of dollars in New York State contracts and other official state
actions.





 In the first scheme, PERCOCO is charged with soliciting and accepting more than
$315,000 in bribes in return for taking official state action to benefit an
energy company (the "Energy Company") and a Syracuse-based real estate developer
(the "Syracuse Developer").  As part of this scheme, PETER GALBRAITH KELLY JR.,
an executive at the Energy Company, and STEVEN AIELLO and JOSEPH GERARDI,
executives at the Syracuse Developer, are charged with orchestrating the payment
of bribes to PERCOCO.



 In the second scheme, AIELLO and GERARDI, along with LOUIS CIMINELLI, MICHAEL
LAIPPLE, and KEVIN SCHULER, who are executives at a Buffalo-based development
company (the "Buffalo Developer"), are charged with paying hundreds of thousands
of dollars in bribes to TODD HOWE, a consultant hired by KALOYEROS to help
administer the state's "Buffalo Billion" initiative and related programs.  As
the charges allege, in exchange for the bribe payments, HOWE and KALOYEROS
secretly rigged the bids on lucrative state-funded contracts to ensure that the
Syracuse Developer and the Buffalo Developer would win the contracts.



 All eight defendants charged in the Complaint were arrested this morning.
PERCOCO, KELLY, and KALOYEROS are scheduled to be presented later today before
U.S. Magistrate Judge Sarah Netburn in Manhattan federal court.  AIELLO and
GERARDI are scheduled to appear later today in federal court in Syracuse.
CIMINELLI, LAIPPLE, and SCHULER are scheduled to appear later today in federal
court in Buffalo.



 Also unsealed today is the guilty plea of TODD HOWE in connection with his
participation in both corruption schemes described above.  HOWE pled guilty
pursuant to an Information before U.S. District Judge Richard M. Berman on
September 20, 2016, and is cooperating with the Government.



 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Today's charges shine a light on yet
another sordid side of the show-me-the money culture that has so plagued Albany.
As alleged, Joseph Percoco, the former Executive Deputy Secretary to the
Governor, was on the take.  And pervasive corruption and fraud allegedly
infected signature state development projects like the Buffalo Billion program.
The bids allegedly were rigged, the results preordained; companies got rich and
the public got bamboozled.  As alleged in the Complaint, it turns out the state
legislature does not have a monopoly on crass corruption in New York."



 FBI Special Agent-in-Charge Adam Cohen said:  "These arrests speak volumes to
those who, as alleged in the complaint, arrogantly took what was not theirs and
who acted without morals and ignored ethics.  Each of them allegedly broke the
law because they chose greed, and, as a result, personally tarnished an historic
opportunity.  Their alleged behavior compromised the integrity of government and
impeded the promise of liberty.  We cannot say it often enough: It is the
expectation of the public that government officials are not in their positions
to self-deal or to serve their personal interests."



 IRS-CI SAC Shantelle P. Kitchen said:  "The honest taxpayer's confidence in the
tax system depends on everyone paying their fair share, regardless of their
occupation, wealth or prominence - or their public office or public position.
IRS Criminal Investigation takes allegations of public corruption by public
officials and public employees very seriously, and we are always ready to
contribute to an investigation when the allegation has a financial component."



 According to the allegations contained in the Complaint[1] unsealed today in
Manhattan federal court:



 The PERCOCO Bribery Scheme



 In the first scheme alleged in the Complaint, PERCOCO, who served as the
Executive Deputy Secretary to the Governor between January 2012 and mid-2014,
and again in 2015, is charged with abusing his official position and extensive
influence within the Executive Branch of New York State (the "State") by seeking
and accepting bribe payments from executives at companies that were seeking
benefits and business from the State, in exchange for PERCOCO's use of his
official authority and influence to benefit those companies.



 PERCOCO solicited the bribe payments from two clients of HOWE -the Energy
Company and the Syracuse Developer - both of which had retained HOWE as a
consultant to help them obtain official State action.  In email correspondence
between HOWE and PERCOCO obtained through judicially-authorized search warrants,
PERCOCO and HOWE referred to the bribe payments as "ziti," a reference to a term
for money used by the characters in the television show "The Sopranos."



 Bribes from KELLY and the Energy Company



 The bribes paid to PERCOCO from the Energy Company were orchestrated by KELLY,
the head of external affairs and government relations for the Energy Company.
Kelly conspired with PERCOCO and HOWE to funnel more than $287,000 in bribe
payments from the Energy Company to PERCOCO and PERCOCO's wife in exchange for
PERCOCO's official assistance for the Energy Company on an as-needed basis.



 As alleged in the Complaint: (a) State action was critical to the Energy
Company's business; (b) starting as early as 2010, KELLY provided personal
benefits to PERCOCO, including expensive meals and a Hamptons fishing trip, in
an effort to cultivate access to PERCOCO; (c) in response to KELLY's requests
for official State assistance, PERCOCO, who was experiencing financial
difficulties at the time, requested that the Energy Company hire his
then-unemployed wife; (d) in or around the end of 2012, KELLY caused the Energy
Company to create a position for PERCOCO's wife that paid approximately $90,000
per year while requiring PERCOCO's wife to do little work.  In exchange for
these payments, PERCOCO agreed to use his official position and influence, and
did in fact use his official position and influence, to help the Energy Company
with specific State matters as the opportunities arose.  Among other things,
PERCOCO agreed to use his official position and influence to assist the Energy
Company's efforts to obtain (i) a valuable agreement from the State allowing the
Energy Company to buy lower-cost emissions credits in New York for a power plant
proposed to be built in New Jersey and (ii) a lucrative long-term power purchase
agreement (the "PPA") with the State guaranteeing a buyer for the power to be
produced at a power plant proposed to be built in New York, which was expected
to save the Energy Company approximately $100 million in development costs.



 The Energy Company's payments to PERCOCO's wife were concealed in various ways
to hide their true source.  KELLY ran the monthly payments to PERCOCO and his
wife through a consultant who worked for the Energy Company in order to disguise
the source of the payments.  KELLY also made sure that PERCOCO's wife's
photograph and full name were not included in promotional materials for the
Energy Company, and he falsely told his superiors at the Energy Company - on two
separate occasions - that PERCOCO had obtained an ethics opinion from the
Governor's Office approving of PERCOCO's wife's employment with the Energy
Company, when in fact no such opinion existed.  For his part, PERCOCO concealed
the criminal scheme by failing to include the Energy Company as the source of
payments on his State-mandated financial disclosure forms.



 Bribes from AIELLO, GERARDI, and the Syracuse Developer



 Beginning in early 2014, PERCOCO was also paid bribes totaling approximately
$35,000 from the Syracuse Developer.  These bribe payments were orchestrated by
AIELLO, the president of the Syracuse Developer, and GERARDI, its general
counsel.  AIELLO and GERARDI arranged for the payment of these bribes in
exchange for PERCOCO's official assistance for the Syracuse Developer on an
as-needed basis.



 Specifically, PERCOCO agreed to, and did, take official action for the benefit
of the Syracuse Developer to (a) reverse an adverse decision by the Empire State
Development Corporation ("ESD"), which is the State's main economic development
agency, that would have required the Syracuse Developer to enter into a costly
labor peace agreement, (b) free up a backlog of more than $14 million in State
funds that had already been awarded to the Syracuse Developer but were delayed
in payment, and (c) secure a substantial pay raise for AIELLO's son, who worked
in the Executive Chamber.



 To disguise the nature and source of the bribe payments, the Syracuse
Developer's bribes to PERCOCO were funneled through bank accounts and a shell
company set up by HOWE.



 The "Buffalo Billion" Fraud and Bribery Scheme



 The second scheme alleged in the Complaint involves bribery, corruption, and
fraud in the award of contracts under the "Buffalo Billion" initiative and
similar programs.  In that scheme, executives at two companies, one of which was
the Syracuse Developer, conspired with KALOYEROS and HOWE to deceive Fort
Schuyler Management Corporation ("Fort Schuyler"), a State-funded entity charged
with awarding State contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars, by secretly
rigging the bidding process so that the contracts would be awarded to those two
companies.



 KALOYEROS, who oversaw the application process for many of the State grants
awarded under the Buffalo Billion and similar programs, retained HOWE to assist
with developing the projects and identifying developers for those projects.
HOWE in turn solicited and received bribe and gratuity payments from (a) the
Syracuse Developer, facilitated by AIELLO and GERARDI, when the Syracuse
Developer was seeking State development grants for projects in Syracuse, New
York, and (b) the Buffalo Developer, facilitated by LOUIS CIMINELLI, MICHAEL
LAIPPLE, and KEVIN SCHULER, when the Buffalo Developer was seeking State
development grants for projects in Buffalo, New York.  In exchange for the bribe
payments, HOWE worked with KALOYEROS to deceive Fort Schuyler by secretly
tailoring the required qualifications for those development deals so that the
Syracuse Developer and the Buffalo Developer would be awarded the contracts, in
Syracuse and Buffalo respectively, without any meaningful competition, while
falsely representing to Fort Schuyler that the bidding process was fair, open,
and competitive.



 More specifically, in or about October 2013, Fort Schuyler issued requests for
proposals ("RFPs") to solicit bids from interested and qualified developers for
the Syracuse and Buffalo projects.  KALOYEROS, with HOWE's assistance, oversaw
the drafting of the RFPs and, unbeknownst to Fort Schuyler, KALOYEROS and HOWE
secretly solicited from AIELLO, GERARDI, CIMINELLI, LAIPPLE, and SCHULER
qualifications of the Syracuse Developer and Buffalo Developer to put in the
RFPs so that the RFPs would request qualifications specifically held by those
companies.  For example, the Syracuse RFP requested the use of specific project
management software used by the Syracuse Developer.  After HOWE emailed GERARDI
and AIELLO a draft of the Syracuse RFP approximately two weeks before its public
issuance, GERARDI sent back to HOWE and AIELLO a handwritten mark-up of the
draft RFP, on which GERARDI had, among other things, underlined the software
names and wrote "too telegraphed??  I would leave out these specific programs."
For its part, the Buffalo RFP, as initially issued, required 50 years of
experience by a local developer - a qualification touted by the Buffalo
Developer in promotion materials provided to KALOYEROS.  This requirement was
later changed and claimed to be a "typographical error."  The Buffalo Developer
also was provided internal State documents to use in its submission.



 False Statements by Aiello and Gerardi



 On or about June 21, 2016, AIELLO and GERARDI were voluntarily interviewed by
law enforcement agents conducting the investigation in this case.  As alleged in
the Complaint, both AIELLO and GERARDI made false statements during their
respective interviews.  Specifically, they both denied (i) hiring or making
payments to PERCOCO and (ii) being asked by HOWE to make any campaign
contributions to the Governor.  GERARDI further claimed that his handwritten
edits and suggestions on the early nonpublic draft of the RFP were intended not
to help the Syracuse Developer win the RFP, but to ensure that a broader, more
open RFP was created so more companies could compete to be SUNY Poly's preferred
developer in Syracuse.  As alleged in the Complaint, those statements were
false.



 A chart containing the names, ages, residences, charges, and maximum penalties
for the defendants is attached.  The maximum potential sentences in this case
are prescribed by Congress and are provided here for informational purposes
only, as any sentencing of the defendants will be determined by a judge.



 U.S. Attorney Bharara praised the work of the FBI and Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation, which jointly conducted this investigation with
investigators from the U.S. Attorney's Office.  Mr. Bharara also recognized the
New York State Attorney General's Office, which This case is being prosecuted by
the Office's Public Corruption Unit.  Assistant U.S. Attorneys Janis Echenberg,
Robert Boone, David Zhou, and Matthew Podolsky are in charge of the prosecution.




 The charges contained in the Complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             368 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      August 22, 2013 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

'Maine Rishwat Di', the Hindi Language Version of Ipaidabribe.com Launched by
Shankar Mahadevan

LENGTH: 576  words


New Delhi, Aug. 22 -- "Maine Rishwat Di", the Hindi language version of
anti-corruption website ipaidabribe.com was launched here today by singer and
music director Shankar Mahadevan, at a launch event hosted by Janaagraha, the
Bangalore based NGO.



Ipaidabribe.com is the world's largest crowdsourcing platform against corruption
focussed on day to day corruption faced by citizens. It has in just three years
of its launch recorded over twenty five lakh visits and twenty thousand bribe
stories from over four hundred cities and towns in India. The Hindi avtar of
ipaidabribe "Maine Rishwat Di" is expected to reach over 600 million Hindi
speaking citizens across India giving them an opportunity to report their
corruption and bribe experiences, and significantly contributing to corruption
data and trends.

Shankar Mahadevan Academy and Janaagraha are running a global talent hunt called
"Mujhse Hogi Shuruat" for the best lyrics for an anti-corruption anthem.
Speaking at the event Shankar Mahadevan said "People like me in the
entertainment industry can contribute to social change through our work. Shankar
Mahadevan Academy ties music with technology to spread the learning of Indian
music. The Academy's and my collaboration with ipaidabribe and Maine Rishwat Di
is something I look forward to". The noted singer who is also part of the
Shankar-Ehsan-Loy trio said he would sing the anti-corruption anthem that could
then become a call to action to all Indian citizens to join ipaidabribe.com and
Maine Rishwat Di in their fight against corruption. Pankaj Sinha, a contestant
from Phoenix Arizona has been chosen as the winner of the "Mujhse Hogi Shuruat"
contest by the Shankar Mahadevan Academy.

Shankar Mahadevan said "The fight against corruption will be a long journey. But
I am confident ipaidabribe.com and Maine Rishwat Di will achieve their lakshya".
Laying emphasis on his point, the singer rendered his song from Lakshya
impromptu thrilling the audience.

Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra, noted filmmaker who was also present at the event said
"Janaagraha's work is all about social change that is action-orineted and does
not stop with talking. I feel honoured to be part of it"

Mobile Apps and SMS services facilitating bribe reporting by citizens were also
launched at the event. Citizens without access to smartphones or internet
connections can file a bribe report by sending a message to 56363. Describing
the impact of ipaidabribe.com and Maine Rishwat Di, Swati Ramanathan,
Co-Founder, Janaagraha said "ipaidabribe.com as a platform has succeeded in
collecting data on day to day bribes and corruption based on an innovative
crowdsourcing model. It also captures the anguish and distress that citizens
experience when confronted with demand for bribes. "

The website provides citizens a platform to not only narrate their story or
experience with bribes and corruption, but also aggregates data on amount of
each bribe, office and location where it was paid. Further, citizens also have
the option of reporting this to senior officials of the department where bribe
was paid, Vigilance department and to the media. Citizens in fifteen other
countries including Brazil, Greece, Kenya, Pakistan, Ukraine and Mexico have
found inspiration in this innovative crowdsourced model of fighting corruption
and built ipaidabribe sites.

Also present at the event was Jayant Sinha, Managing Director, Omidyar Network
India Advisors, who launched the Mobile Apps.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             369 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Former Senior Executive of French Power Company Charged in
Connection with Foreign Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1027  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former senior executive of a French power and transportation company has been
charged in a second superseding indictment for his alleged participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to foreign government officials.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Lawrence Hoskins, 62, a former senior vice president for the Asia region for the
French company, was charged in the District of Connecticut with conspiring to
violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and to launder money, as well
as substantive FCPA and money laundering violations. William Pomponi, a former
executive of the Connecticut-based subsidiary of the power and transportation
company who was previously charged in a superseding indictment on April 30,
2013, was charged with Hoskins in the second superseding indictment.

Frederic Pierucci, a current company executive who was previously charged in
this case, pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of conspiring to violate the
FCPA and one count of violating the FCPA. Charges against Pierucci were
initially unsealed on April 16, 2013, along with a guilty plea by David
Rothschild, a former vice president of regional sales at the Connecticut-based
subsidiary, in connection with the bribery scheme. Rothschild pleaded guilty on
Nov. 2, 2012.

According to the charges, the defendants, together with others, allegedly paid
bribes to officials in Indonesia - including a member of the Indonesian
Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), the
state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in Indonesia - in exchange
for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known as the Tarahan
project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide power-related
services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the bribes, the defendants
retained two consultants purportedly to provide legitimate consulting services
on behalf of the power company and its subsidiaries in connection with the
Tarahan project. The indictment, however, alleges that the primary purpose for
hiring the consultants was to use the consultants to pay bribes to Indonesian
officials.

The first consultant retained by the defendants allegedly received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his Maryland bank account to be used to bribe the member
of Parliament. The consultant then allegedly transferred the bribe money to a
bank account in Indonesia for the benefit of the official. According to court
documents, emails between Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, Rothschild and their
co-conspirators discuss in detail the use of the first consultant to funnel
bribes to the member of Parliament and the influence that the member of
Parliament could exert over the Tarahan project.

Court documents allege that in the fall of 2003, Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and
others determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing key
officials at PLN. One email between employees of the power company's subsidiary
in Indonesia described PLN officials' "concern that if we have won the job,
whether their rewards will still be satisfactory or this agent only give them
pocket money and disappear." In another email, an employee at the power
company's subsidiary in Indonesia sent an email to Hoskins asserting that the
consultant "has no grip on the PLN Tender team at all" and "is more or less
similar to [a] cashier which I feel we pay too much." As a result, the
co-conspirators allegedly retained a second consultant to more effectively bribe
PLN officials. The charges allege that the power company deviated from its usual
practice of paying consultants on a pro-rata basis in order to make a much
larger up-front payment to the second consultant so that the consultant could
"get the right influence." An employee at the power company's subsidiary in
Indonesia sent an email to Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others asking them to
finalize the consultancy agreement with the front-loaded payments but stated
that in the meantime the employee would give his word to a high-level official
at PLN, according to the charges. The defendants and their co-conspirators were
successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments to the
consultants for the alleged purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

The conspiracy to commit violations of the FCPA count carries a maximum penalty
of five years in prison and a fine of the greater of $250,000 or twice the value
gained or lost. The substantive FCPA counts each carry a maximum penalty of five
years in prison and a fine of the greater of $100,000 or twice the value gained
or lost. The conspiracy to commit money laundering count carries a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine of the greater of $500,000 or twice the
value of the property involved in the transaction. The substantive money
laundering counts each carry a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine
of the greater of $500,000 or twice the value of the property involved in the
transaction.

An indictment is merely an accusation, and defendants are presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden, Conn.,
Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by the Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs, and the Department has also worked
closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the Komisi
Pemberantasan Korupsi (Corruption Eradication Commission) and deeply appreciates
KPK's assistance in this matter.

The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             370 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 16, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Senior Bank Official Took Bribe, U.S. Says

BYLINE: By TIMOTHY L. O'BRIEN and RAYMOND BONNER

SECTION: Section A; Page 8; Column 1; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 816 words


The Justice Department has evidence that a senior Bank of New York official
accepted a bribe from the husband and wife implicated in the money laundering
investigation at the bank, law enforcement officials said yesterday.

While the identity of the banker who is believed to have received the bribe
could not be determined, the officials said it was someone senior to Lucy
Edwards, a former Bank of New York vice president who, along with her husband,
Peter Berlin, are expected to plead guilty today to money laundering charges in
federal court in Manhattan.

Mr. Berlin, through his company, Benex International, controlled several
accounts at the bank that moved billions of dollars from Russia between 1996 and
last year.

If one of Ms. Edwards's superiors accepted a bribe to facilitate the illegal
transfer of money, it could expose the Bank of New York to possible criminal
charges in the investigation, according to experts in banking law.

So far, Ms. Edwards, who worked in the bank's Eastern European division, has
implicated the senior official, one of her superiors, in the matter, but federal
prosecutors believe that she and her husband have information that may implicate
others at the bank, according to individuals involved in the investigation.

That is a major reason why federal authorities pushed to bring the couple back
to the United States and pressured them to cooperate with the investigation.

During Congressional testimony in September, the chairman and chief executive of
the bank, Thomas A. Renyi, said that allowing the accounts to remain open was a
"lapse on the part of the bank." But an investigator said yesterday that the
couple might provide evidence that the accounts remained open not because of a
management error, but because some bank employees had chosen consciously to look
the other way.

Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin's lawyer, T. Barry Kingham, did not return phone
calls yesterday seeking comment. The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
United States Attorney's office in Manhattan also declined to comment, as did
the Bank of New York.

A federal official said yesterday that no agreement had been reached with Ms.
Edwards and Mr. Berlin on the sentence they would face for a guilty plea. Their
sentence will be determined by the level of cooperation they provide to federal
investigators, the official said.

If federal authorities believe that the senior management of any company had
knowledge of possible malfeasance, they typically try to pressure lower-level
targets of an investigation to provide testimony or evidence against their
superiors. Those involved in the investigation at the Bank of New York said
yesterday that that was the strategy being used in this case.

Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin arrived in New York yesterday from London, where they
have lived since 1996. Previously, the couple had lived in New Jersey. Upon
their arrival, Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin were immediately taken into custody by
federal officials.

The money laundering charges against them relate to about $8 million in their
personal accounts, of which about $1 million is believed to be transaction fees
they earned from the Benex operation, according to people with direct knowledge
of the charges against them.

Justice Department lawyers have argued during plea negotiations with Ms. Edwards
and Mr. Berlin that the couple violated federal money laundering laws when they
moved those fees from their accounts at the Bank of New York to personal
accounts overseas, a lawyer close to the negotiations said.

Money laundering is generally defined as the practice of taking illegally
obtained gains and passing them through a series of bank transactions so they
appear as legitimate profits. Under United States law, it is a crime only if the
money is earned from illegal activity.

While the money laundering charges do not encompass the vast sums of money that
moved through Benex -- about $7 billion ---- federal officials were able to use
the charge to extradite the couple from Britain. The couple are not being
charged with laundering criminal proceeds for others, even though federal law
enforcement officials said yesterday that they believe that at least some of the
money that moved through the bank was funds earned from illicit activities.

It is generally believed, however, that a major portion of the money that flowed
through the Benex accounts represented money leaving Russia to avoid taxes or
duties there.

Law enforcement officials said the United States had been hampered in its
investigation against Ms. Edwards and Mr. Berlin because of a lack of
cooperation from Russian authorities. Teams of F.B.I. agents and prosecutors
from the United States Attorney's office have recently spent weeks in Russia
attempting to find viable working arrangements with their Russian counterparts
-- so far, to no avail.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             371 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 December 9, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

2 School Officers Are Charged With Taking Bribes for Jobs

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B;     Page 3;     Column 4;     Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 603 words


Two officers with the Division of School Safety were arrested yesterday and
charged with receiving bribes of at least $800 each to place people in jobs,
Robert M. Morgenthau, the Manhattan District Attorney, announced yesterday.

Also arrested was one of the 96 recruits who graduated last week and joined the
3,200-officer force, which patrols the city's 1,100 schools. She was accused of
paying a bribe and then accepting bribes from applicants who turned out to be
undercover investigators.

The division was the subject of a critical report two years ago about the
inadequate screening of potential officers, but since then has instituted a
number of reforms, including background checks and drug testing.

Mr. Morgenthau said that those who paid bribes were placed in training classes,
and thereby assured a job, no matter what their position on a list of about
10,000 applicants or even whether they were on the list at all.

Schools Chancellor Ramon C. Cortines said the current investigation had prompted
a reassignment of all six members of the division's training section and a
further tightening of selection procedures.

The investigation, which began six weeks ago, was directed by Ed Stancik,
special commissioner of investigation for the School District.

Mr. Morgenthau said investigators began seizing records yesterday at the
personnel office of the Division of School Safety at 600 East Sixth Street in
Manhattan, which was sealed off early in the morning.  None of the officials
could say how widespread the corruption was and how long the investigation would
take. "It is clear that it was not an isolated practice, that there are a
significant number who got their jobs this way, that there was an established
scheme to promote this," Mr. Stancik said.

One law-enforcement official, who spoke on the condition of anonymity, said,
"There are at least a dozen people who bought their positions, but there could
be a lot more."

Chancellor Cortines said that "a brave recruit," who heard rumors of the bribes,
reported them to education officials.

The suspects were identified as Mariette Walters, 37, of 1005 Jerome Avenue and
Charles Brandon, 30, of 156 West 158th Street, both of the Bronx. Ms. Walters,
an eight-year member of the division, was one of three group leaders in charge
of training the most recent class.

Mr. Brandon, a seven-year board employee, was described as a member of the
Division of School Safety Task Force, a special unit that responds to
emergencies. Investigators said they believed that Mr. Brandon acted as an
intermediary between applicants and Ms. Walters. The third suspect, who was not
identified, was believed to be cooperating with the authorities.

The safety officers, paid $22,000 a year, are charged with security in the
schools. Armed with handcuffs and radios, they are considered peace officers
with authority to make arrests.

In 1992, Chancellor Joseph A. Fernandez discovered financial irregularities in
the division, dismissed its top officials and appointed an outside panel headed
by a New York City Police deputy commissioner to study its operation.

Among its findings was weak supervision of officers and poor screening of
applicants. In September 1992, Mr. Fernandez hired Zachary Tumin, a graduate of
the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, to shake up the division. To checks
of possible criminal history, Mr. Tumin added job verification and character
checks with previous employers and drug testing for recruits.

The job is not under civil service regulations and no competitive test was ever
given, Mr. Tumin said.

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Investigators say Charles Brandon, 30, acted as an intermediary
in the bribery scheme. (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             372 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           August 19, 2015 Wednesday

Baltimore City Landfill Supervisor Admits to Accepting Bribes from Trash Haulers
City Lost More Than $6 Million in Longstanding Scheme in Which Commercial Trash
Haulers

LENGTH: 1420  words


BALTIMORE, MD-William Charles Nemec, Sr., age 55, of Baltimore, pleaded guilty
today to conspiracy and solicitation of bribes in connection with a scheme in
which Department of Public Works (DPW) employees sought and accepted cash
payments from commercial haulers in return for allowing the commercial haulers
to deposit trash at the Quarantine Road Landfill without paying the required
disposal fees. Nemec also admitted to participating in a scheme in which
employees stole scrap metal from the Landfill for personal gain.


The plea agreement was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Acting Special Agent in Charge Scott Hinckley of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation; Robert H. Pearre, Jr., Inspector General, City
of Baltimore Office of Inspector General; Special Agent in Charge Thomas
Jankowski of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation, Washington,
D.C. Field Office; and Colonel William M. Pallozzi, Superintendent of the
Maryland State Police.
Baltimore City residents can deposit small amounts of trash and/or recyclables
in dumpsters located near the main entrance of the Landfill, free of charge.
Individuals or companies commercially hauling trash that have registered their
vehicles with the City and obtained Landfill permits, as well as Baltimore City
residents with larger loads, must deposit their trash in an open area located
farther within the Landfill. Commercial haulers of trash that meet certain
vehicle weight limitations must, in addition to purchasing a Landfill permit,
pay a waste disposal fee of $67.50 per ton of trash deposited at the Landfill.
DPW employees assigned as scale house operators weigh each truck as it enters
the Landfill, which is recorded on a computerized point-of-sale system. To
activate the system and record a particular transaction, DPW employees must
enter the tag number of the truck and a corresponding billing code. The scale
house operators reweigh each truck as it leaves the Landfill. The net weight of
the deposited trash and the required disposal fee is then calculated and printed
on a receipt that is handed to the driver.
Bribery Scheme
According to his plea agreement, Nemec started working in 1984 for the DPW as a
scale house cashier at the Cold Spring Lane Landfill. Back then, weight tickets
were handwritten, and Nemec and other cashiers would regularly accept bribes
from small and large haulers in lieu of charging disposal fees and then split
the bribe money among all the cashiers. That same year, Nemec was transferred to
the Quarantine Road Landfill (Landfill) where he engaged in the same type of
bribery scheme. Except for short periods of time over the years since 1984, and
despite the comings and goings of new scale house employees and supervisors at
the Landfill, Nemec and other scale house operators continued to execute the
bribery scheme until Nemec's arrest on May 12, 2015, and even after he was
promoted to a supervisory position at the Landfill in 2006.  Beginning around
2002, Nemec executed the bribery scheme in tandem with two scale house
operators, including Tamara Washington. Nemec and the scale house operators
accepted $100 bribe payments from large haulers for each truckload of trash
dumped at the Landfill, which saved the haulers many hundreds of dollars per
trip to the Landfill. Nemec and others concealed the bribery scheme by not
entering a truck's registration number into the computerized scale system, which
meant the transaction was not recorded. Consequently, the transaction would not
appear on the scale house's daily logs and the commercial hauler would not be
billed for using the Landfill on that particular occasion.
To maintain the pretense that the trucks had been weighed and the disposal fee
paid, Nemec and others would hand the truck drivers fake or blank receipts when
they crossed the outbound scale. In return, the commercial haulers either paid
the $100 bribe through the outbound window at the scale house or met with Nemec
or another scale house operator at an off-site location to pay a week's worth of
bribes or more. The commercial haulers always paid the $100 bribes in cash.
By paying the $100 bribes in lieu of the disposal fees, these haulers saved
their businesses thousands of dollars each month, which, in turn, cost the City
of Baltimore more than $6 million in revenue. For example, from July 1, 2014
through May 1, 2015 alone, Nemec, while working as a supervisor at the Landfill,
accepted on his own behalf, and on behalf of other DPW employees involved in the
scheme, more than $15,000 in bribe payments from a commercial hauler in return
for not charging the hauler or his company the required waste disposal fees,
which totaled approximately $55,000 during that period of time.
Nemec has agreed to pay restitution of $6 million.
Illegal Junking Scheme
In addition to the revenue generated by the collection of disposal fees,
Baltimore City's waste management system generates revenue by collecting and
selling recyclable scrap metal dumped at the City's trash collection facilities,
including household appliances, steel cables, copper wires, car parts, computer
parts, door and window frames. The City awards contracts to private salvage
companies to purchase and remove such scrap metal from its trash collection
facilities.
DPW employees at the Landfill and other trash collection sites are required to
segregate the recyclable scrap metal from general refuse and place it in
separate bins provided by the salvage companies. The companies regularly pick up
the scrap metal, weigh it and send a tonnage report to the City. Based on
predetermined prices per ton, the City sends an invoice to the companies
requesting payment for the value of the scrap metal the companies removed during
a given period of time. Salvaging by employees, also referred to as "junking,"
was strictly prohibited and employees were put on notice that any salvaging of
metal constituted theft of City property.
From 2005 until May 2015, Nemec and other Landfill employees falsely represented
to the DPW that they were performing the jobs for which they were hired when in
fact, they used their paid positions during work hours to unlawfully collect and
sell scrap metal for personal gain. Employees under Nemec's supervision paid him
cash to conceal the illegal junking that occurred daily at the Landfill.
Nemec knew that laborers at the Landfill used their personal cell phones to let
each other know when and where recyclable scrap metals were being dumped at the
Landfill. After collecting and creating piles of the scrap metal at various
locations, the laborers would transport the scrap metal using their personal
pick-up trucks to a private salvage company, frequently making multiple trips
during a single, eight-hour work shift. The stolen scrap metal that they sold to
the private salvage company for cash resulted in a loss of revenue to the City
totaling hundreds of thousands of dollars.
For the years 2011 and 2012, two laborers paid Nemec approximately $20 every day
to allow them and others to collect and transport the stolen scrap metal. In
addition to not reporting the daily trips to the salvage company to sell the
stolen metal, which some days could take a total of 3-4 hours, Nemec would
authorize and submit false time and attendance records to conceal the scheme, so
that the laborers were able to be paid for work they did not perform while
stealing the metal.
Nemec faces a maximum sentence of five years in prison for the conspiracy and 10
years in prison for bribery. U.S. District Judge Marvin J. Garbis has scheduled
sentencing for November 17, 2015 at 9:30 a.m.
Former DPW employee Tamara Oliver Washington, age 55; and commercial haulers
Mustafa Sharif, age 63, of Baltimore, and Adam Williams, Jr., age 52, of
Randallstown, pleaded guilty in July 2015 to their participation in the bribery
scheme. Washington is scheduled to be sentenced on October 20, 2015, Williams on
October 21 and Sharif on November 6, 2015. Washington has agreed to pay
restitution of $6 million. Sharif has agreed to forfeit and pay restitution of
$500,000 and Williams has agreed to forfeit and pay restitution of $900,000.
United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the FBI, IRS-CI, Baltimore
Office of Inspector General and Maryland State Police for their work in the
investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant United States Attorney Martin J.
Clarke, who is prosecuting the case. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             373 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

New charges for four in SEA Games match-fixing case

BYLINE: Elena Chong Court Correspondent

SECTION: SINGAPORE

LENGTH: 245 words


FOUR men charged with fixing a SEA Games football match last week faced new
charges yesterday.

Singaporean Rajendran R. Kurusamy, 55, and Orlando Marques Henriques Mendes, 49,
a technical director of the Timor Leste Football Federation, each face two extra
charges relating to Malaysia's 1-0 win over Timor Leste in their May 30 clash.

Ex-Timor Leste player Moises Natalino De Jesus, 32, and Nasiruddin, 52, an
Indonesian who goes by one name, face one new charge each of being a party to a
criminal conspiracy by agreeing to offer bribes to Timor Leste players to throw
the match.

Last week, Rajendran, Moises and Nasiruddin were accused of abetting the offence
by scheming to agree to give a $15,000 bribe to Orlando to arrange for Timor
Leste to lose. Court papers said Rajendran met Orlando on May 28 and agreed to
give him the money. Orlando was charged with corruptly agreeing to accept
Rajendran's bribe.

One fresh charge against Rajendran stated he conspired with the others to offer
money to at least seven Timor Leste players to lose the match.

The other was that he allegedly gave a $1,000 bribe to Orlando to arrange for
his team to lose.

Orlando's new charges were for being a party to the conspiracy to offer bribes
to at least seven players and for receiving $1,000 from Rajendran.

The prosecution asked that no bail be given for all four. Rajendran's lawyer
Edmond Pereira will argue on Wednesday for bail to be granted to his ill client.

elena@sph.com.sg

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             374 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 15, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

MANES'S WIDOW ENTERS A BRIBE-RESTITUTION PACT

BYLINE: By ALAN FINDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 714 words


The widow of former Queens Borough President Donald R. Manes has agreed to pay
$301,000 to a city meals program for the elderly and the sick as restitution for
bribes Mr. Manes is accused of soliciting, the Koch administration said
yesterday.

Half the money would come from the Manes estate, which is valued at slightly
more than $1 million, according to the city's Corporation Counsel, Frederick A.
O. Schwarz Jr. The other half would come from the remaining money in Mr. Manes's
campaign fund.

Mr. Manes committed suicide last March after being implicated in the municipal
corruption scandal. Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the former deputy director of the
city's Parking Violations Bureau, testified in a Federal racketeering trial that
he and Mr. Manes had shared bribes from eight city contractors totaling between
$500,000 and $600,000. Mr. Manes received a little more than half the money,
according to the testimony.

Civil Suit Was Likely

Mr. Manes was named as an unindicted co-racketeer in indictments of Stanley M.
Friedman, the former Bronx Democratic leader, and others on charges of paying
and receiving bribes in return for city contracts. After the first indictment,
which was handed down two weeks after Mr. Manes's death, city officials
indicated that they were likely to file a civil lawsuit to recover the bribe
money from Mr. Manes's estate.

Mr. Schwarz said yesterday that city lawyers had examined Mr. Manes's estate and
were unable directly to trace any bribe money. He said the city had decided to
reach the agreement - and avoid a suit, at least for now - because it appeared
to be the fairest and most balanced solution. Mayor Koch said he agreed with the
Corporation Counsel's judgment.

''While we want to be vigorous, we do not want to be cruel,'' Mr. Schwarz said
in a six-page legal memorandum.

Mr. Schwarz, whose last day as Corporation Counsel is today, said several
factors had influenced the decision not to pursue a suit.

Among them was that Mr. Manes, who the Corporation Counsel said ''did so much to
harm the city,'' committed suicide in the presence of his wife, Marlene, and
daughter. In addition, Mr. Schwarz said, Mrs. Manes provided a sworn affidavit
that she knew nothing of any wrongdoing by her husband.

Punitive Damages Not Possible

Mr. Schwarz also said that laws providing that a person pay punitive damages in
addition to returning any bribe money do not apply after the person's death. The
$301,000 that Mrs. Manes has agreed to pay is the most the city could have hoped
to gain in a suit, he said.

Michael F. Armstrong, the Manes family's lawyer, said Mrs. Manes ''most
emphatically does not wish this to be viewed as any indication that she
acquiesces in the truth of the charges.''

Mrs. Manes had a good chance of winning a lawsuit, Mr. Armstrong contended.
''But she was just not prepared to go through the pain of dredging all this up
again,'' he said in an interview. ''It would have been a long and painful
lawsuit that would have dragged on. She decided to spend her money on charities
rather than on lawyers.''

Mr. Armstrong also said he thought the city was fair and compassionate in
seeking out the arrangement.

Suit Still Possible

Under the agreement, the city could still file suit if a previously unknown
bribery scheme involving Mr. Manes were to be uncovered or if money or other
significant assets were found.

Mrs. Manes will donate the money to Citymeals on Wheels, a privately financed
adjunct to the Meals on Wheels program, which is sponsored by the city, state
and Federal governments. Citymeals on Wheels delivers hot meals on Saturdays and
Sundays to about 7,000 aged or infirm city residents. Meals on Wheels delivers
hot meals each weekday to 8,600 people.

Mr. Schwarz said the agreement with Mrs. Manes would have no bearing on other
city efforts to regain bribe money. Last month, the city sued Citisource Inc.
and five of its officers and directors, including Mr. Friedman, for more than
$14 million in damages over bribes paid for a city contract for a hand-held
computer.

Mr. Friedman and the chairman of Citisource, Marvin B. Kaplan, were among four
men found guilty of criminal charges, including racketeering, conspiracy and
mail fraud, by a Federal jury in November.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             375 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Baltimore City Landfill Supervisor and Three Other Defendants
Sentenced to Prison in Bribery and Illegal Salvaging Schemes

LENGTH: 1559  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 U.S. District Judge Marvin J. Garbis sentenced William Charles Nemec, Sr., age
56, of Baltimore, today to 78 months in prison followed by three years of
supervised release for conspiracy and bribery in connection with two schemes:
one in which Department of Public Works (DPW) employees sought and accepted cash
payments from commercial haulers in return for allowing the haulers to deposit
trash at the Quarantine Road Landfill without paying the required disposal fees
(bribery scheme); and a second scheme in which DPW employees stole scrap metal
from the landfill for personal gain (the junking scheme). Judge Garbis also
entered an order that Nemec pay restitution of $6 million.





 On February 1, 2016, Judge Garbis sentenced two commercial haulers for their
participation in the bribery scheme: Adam Williams, Jr., age 52, of
Randallstown, to one year in prison followed by two years of community
confinement with work release; and Larry Lowry, age 61, of Orchard Beach,
Maryland, to 30 months in prison.  Judge Garbis also entered an order that
Williams pay restitution of $900,000, and Lowry pay restitution of $180,000.



 Yesterday, Judge Garbis sentenced Michael Theodore Bennett, age 46, of
Baltimore, an employee at the Baltimore City Landfill, to 46 months in prison
and entered an order that Bennett pay restitution of $400,000. Bennett had
previously pleaded guilty to conspiracy to steal from a program receiving
federal funds, wire fraud and failure to file a tax return in connection with
the junking scheme.



 The sentences were announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Kevin Perkins of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, Baltimore Field Office; Robert H. Pearre, Jr.,
Inspector General, City of Baltimore Office of Inspector General; Special Agent
in Charge Thomas Jankowski of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal
Investigation, Washington, D.C. Field Office; and Colonel William M. Pallozzi,
Superintendent of the Maryland State Police.



 Bribery Scheme



 Individuals or companies commercially hauling trash that have registered their
vehicles with Baltimore City and obtained Landfill permits, as well as Baltimore
City residents with larger loads, must deposit their trash in an open area
located within the Landfill.  Commercial haulers of trash that meet certain
vehicle weight limitations must, in addition to purchasing a Landfill permit,
pay a waste disposal fee of $67.50 per ton of trash deposited at the Landfill.
DPW employees assigned as scale house operators weigh each truck as it enters
the Landfill, which is recorded on a computerized point-of-sale system.  The
scale house operators reweigh each truck as it leaves the Landfill.



 According to the defendants' plea agreements, Nemec started working in 1984 for
the DPW as a scale house cashier at the Cold Spring Lane Landfill. Back then,
Nemec and other cashiers would regularly accept bribes from small and large
haulers in lieu of charging disposal fees and then split the bribe money among
all the cashiers.  That same year, Nemec was transferred to the Quarantine Road
Landfill (Landfill) where he engaged in the same type of bribery scheme.  Except
for short periods of time over the years since 1984, and despite the comings and
goings of new scale house employees and supervisors at the Landfill, Nemec and
other scale house operators continued to execute the bribery scheme, even after
Nemec was promoted to a supervisory position at the Landfill in 2006, and until
his arrest on May 12, 2015.



 Beginning around 2002, Nemec executed the bribery scheme in tandem with two
scale house operators.  Nemec and the scale house operators accepted $100 bribe
payments from large haulers for each truckload of trash dumped at the Landfill,
which saved the haulers many hundreds of dollars per trip to the Landfill.
Nemec and others concealed the bribery scheme by not entering a truck's
registration number into the computerized scale system, which meant the
transaction was not recorded.  Consequently, the transaction would not appear on
the scale house's daily logs and the commercial hauler would not be billed for
using the Landfill on that particular occasion.



 To maintain the pretense that the trucks had been weighed and the disposal fee
paid, Nemec and others would hand the truck drivers fake or blank receipts when
they crossed the outbound scale.  In return, the commercial haulers, including
Larry Lowry and Adam Williams, either paid the $100 bribe through the outbound
window at the scale house or met with Nemec or another scale house operator at
an off-site location to pay a week's worth of bribes or more.  The commercial
haulers always paid the $100 bribes in cash. Nemec and the two scale house
operators split the bribes three ways until Nemec became a supervisor, after
which they agreed that Nemec would collect and keep Lowry's bribes as Nemec's
share of the scheme, and Washington and the other employee would collect and
keep the bribes paid by the other haulers as their share of the scheme.



 By paying the $100 bribes in lieu of the disposal fees to Nemec and other scale
house operators, the commercial haulers saved their businesses thousands of
dollars each month, which, in turn, cost the City of Baltimore more than $6
million in revenue. For example, from July 1, 2014 through May 1, 2015 alone,
Nemec, while working as a landfill supervisor, accepted more than $15,000 in
bribe payments from Larry Lowry in return for not charging Lowry approximately
$55,000 in required waste disposal fees. Similarly, during the same time period,
Adam Williams paid more than $42,000 in bribe payments in lieu of paying
$120,000 in required waste disposal fees.



 Illegal Junking Scheme



 In addition to the revenue generated by the collection of disposal fees,
Baltimore City's waste management system generates revenue by collecting and
selling recyclable scrap metal dumped at the City's trash collection facilities,
including household appliances, steel cables, copper wires, car parts, computer
parts, door and window frames. The City awards contracts to private salvage
companies to purchase and remove such scrap metal from its trash collection
facilities.



 DPW employees at the Landfill and other trash collection sites are required to
segregate the recyclable scrap metal from general refuse and place it in
separate bins provided by the salvage companies.  The companies regularly pick
up the scrap metal, weigh it and send a tonnage report to the City.  Based on
predetermined prices per ton, the City sends an invoice to the companies
requesting payment for the value of the scrap metal the companies removed during
a given period of time. Salvaging by employees, also referred to as "junking,"
was strictly prohibited and employees were put on notice that any salvaging of
metal constituted theft of City property.



 From about 2005 to May 2015, Nemec and other Landfill employees falsely
represented to the DPW that they were performing their jobs when in fact they
unlawfully collected and sold scrap metal for personal gain during work hours.



 Nemec knew that laborers at the Landfill, including Michael Bennett, used their
personal cell phones during work shifts to let each other know when and where
recyclable scrap metals were being dumped at the Landfill.  After collecting and
creating piles of the scrap metal, the laborers would transport the scrap metal
using their personal pick-up trucks to a private salvage company, frequently
making multiple trips during an eight-hour work shift.  Bennett and other
employees paid other DPW employees to help locate, collect and load the scrap
metal onto their trucks.



 During 2011 and 2012, Bennett paid Nemec approximately $20 every day to allow
them to collect and transport the stolen scrap metal.  In addition to not
reporting Bennett's daily trips to the salvage company to sell the stolen metal,
which some days could take a total of 3 - 4 hours, Nemec would authorize and
submit false time and attendance records to conceal the scheme, so that Bennett
and other laborers were able to be paid for work they did not perform while
stealing the metal.



 Bennett prepared and submitted false time and attendance records, which claimed
he had been working, when he was instead illegally collecting and selling the
scrap metal, resulting in wages being paid to Bennett for work he did not
perform.



 The loss to the City of Baltimore as a result of the junking scheme was
approximately $1 million.



 Bennett also failed to report approximately $479,468 of income for tax years
2011 through 2013, the majority of which was obtained from the illegal junking
scheme, resulting in a tax loss to the government of $126,273.



 To date, five DPW employees and six commercial haulers have been convicted in
the schemes.



 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the FBI, IRS-CI, Baltimore
Office of Inspector General and Maryland State Police for their work in the
investigation.  Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant United States Attorney Martin
J. Clarke and Leo J. Wise, who prosecuted the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             376 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 2, 2015 Saturday

Essex County Corrections Officer Admits Accepting Cash Bribes in Exchange for
Smuggling Contraband Into the Essex County Jail

LENGTH: 291  words


NEWARK, NJ-An Essex County corrections officer today admitted accepting bribes
in exchange for smuggling contraband, including cell phones and tobacco, into
the Essex County Jail, a federal pretrial detention facility, U.S. Attorney Paul
J. Fishman announced.


John Grosso, 41, of Belleville, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S. District
Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one count of
conspiring to commit extortion under color of official right.
According to the documents filed in this case and statements made in court:
Grosso, a corrections officer at the Essex County Jail, admitted that in
December 2013, he agreed to accept cash bribes in return for his assistance
smuggling cell phones and cigarettes to an inmate. Grosso met with the inmate's
relative in Secaucus, New Jersey, to accept the contraband and bribe before
delivering the items to the inmate.
The conspiracy charge to which Grosso pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine of $250,000. Grosso also must forfeit
the $1,000 bribe he received in December 2013. Sentencing is scheduled for Aug.
19, 2015.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and the Internal Affairs
Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the leadership of Warden
Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to today's plea.
The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Robert L. Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in Newark.
Defense counsel: Elizabeth H. Smith Esq., Mendham, New Jersey 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             377 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                          December 21, 2016 Wednesday

Filth on the menus with side of 'graft'

BYLINE: Linda Massarella

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 464 words


Three city eatery owners were as "dirty as their restaurants,'' offering wads of
cash to try to bribe health inspectors into giving them "A'' letter grades,
authorities said Tuesday.

In one case, a city Department of Health inspector told a joint in Queens that
the live lizard it kept in its fish tank had to go.

"Before leaving the establishment, a worker told the inspector that the
inspector had forgotten something in the bathroom. When the inspector went to
the bathroom, he saw a wad of cash on top of the sink," according to the city
Department of Investigation.

DOI Commissioner Mark Peters said the rogue eateries in The Bronx and Queens
were caught in a sting by undercover agents after real Health Department
inspectors reported that they were being offered bribes at the establishments in
exchange for better regulatory ratings.

"DOI's investigation found that these defendants were as dirty as their
restaurants, offering bribes to health inspectors to look the other way at their
eateries' unsanitary conditions,'' Peters said in a statement.

"However, in New York City, you can't clean up a dirty restaurant with a bribe,"
Peters added.

Morie Kabba, 42, of The Bronx was arrested Monday, while Jonathan Niranjan, 28,
and Mohammad Safi, 62, who run establishments in Queens, were busted Tuesday,
all on bribery charges, officials said.

In each instance, the men first tried to bribe inspectors with the Department of
Health and Mental Hygiene, who refused the graft and reported it to higher ups,
according to authorities. Undercover agents were then sent in and were allegedly
offered bribes, too.

At Kabba's Jagana Family Kennedy Fried Chicken at 1375 Boston Road in The Bronx,
undercover inspectors saw uncovered garbage cans, flies buzzing around and food
on the floor in October.

Kabba offered the investigator $160 to ignore it, officials said.

At the Amazura night club at 91-12 144th Place in Jamaica, Queens, a real health
inspector told Niranjan he had to remove the lizard from an aquarium. Niranjan
then allegedly directed him to the cash in the bathroom.

Later, an undercover agent allegedly found a broken sink, flies in the kitchen
and staff handling food with their bare hands. Niranjan palmed the agent $300 in
cash, according to the complaint.

At the Farm Fried 'N Curry Chicken at 120-20 Merrick Blvd. in South Jamaica,
Queens, undercover agents also saw staff handling food without gloves and
garbage cans without lids. They also found a broken faucet.

When the undercover inspector pointed out the violations to Safi, he left and
allegedly returned with an envelope containing $200.

While handing it over, Safi asked the agent to give him a card with an "A"
rating, authorities said.

lmassarella@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             378 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 27, 1999, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

A New Index Tracks Bribe-Paying Countries

BYLINE: By BARBARA CROSSETTE

SECTION: Section A; Page 6; Column 4; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 723 words


Transparency International, an independent organization that tracks corruption
among government officials around the world, announced yesterday that it had
added a new index to rank nations that appear to condone bribe paying by their
companies doing business abroad.

The organization, based in Berlin, which released both reports, the Corruption
Perceptions Index and the Bribe Payers Index, in Washington, found that once
again officials in northern European countries were perceived to have the
cleanest hands, while the highest levels of bribe-taking officials appeared to
be in Africa, Asia, Latin America and the former Soviet bloc.

When it came to countries whose companies pay bribes abroad, China was perceived
to be the worst offender, followed by South Korea, Taiwan, Italy and Malaysia.
No country's corporations were regarded as innocent of bribe paying. But the
Europeans, Australia and Canada came out best.

The idea that corruption is a third world phenomenon raises tempers in
developing countries every year when the Corruption Perceptions Index is
published. The survey this year is the fifth and largest.

"There was a sense in some countries that we were a group from the richer north
that was singling out the poor countries" said Frank Vogl, a former World Bank
official and now vice chairman of Transparency International, which he helped
found in 1993. "People said that basically there is a conspiracy of corruption
between the takers of bribes and the givers of bribes, and it should be
recognized. We thought we would create a Bribe Payers Index."

Both indices plot perceptions, not concrete evidence, though in different ways.
The Corruption Perception Index is a "poll of polls," based on data from 17
surveys from 10 independent institutions that analyze business conditions around
the world. The 1999 index includes 99 countries, up from 85 last year.

The Bribe Payers Index was based on a survey conducted for Transparency
International by Gallup International in 14 leading emerging-market countries.
They were Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Hungary, India, Indonesia, Morocco,
Nigeria, the Philippines, Poland, Russia, South Korea, South Africa and
Thailand.  Gallup International, which is based in London, interviewed 770
senior executives in those nations.

Mr. Vogl said in an interview on Friday in New York that the two indices were
"two sides of the same coin." He said it was fashionable now to be against
corruption and to demand that developing countries clean house before aid was
granted.

"But there is hypocrisy," he added. "Many major industrial countries do quite
well on the C.P.I. Yet they are not discouraging their own firms from corrupting
foreign governments."

Although the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, a group of
industrial countries, has adopted a convention making bribery of foreign
officials a criminal offense, member nations have not stopped the practice, Mr.
Vogl said.

No country scored a perfect 10 on the Bribe Payers scale, where a low score
indicates corrupt practices. The best rating was Sweden's at 8.3, followed by
8.1 for Australia and Canada. The United States, which has had a Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act on the books for 22 years, scored 6.2. At the bottom, China
registered 3.1.

On the Corruption Perceptions Index, the ranking by the perceived honesty of
officials, there was one perfect score. Denmark scored 10. The United States had
7.5, behind the northern Europeans, Singapore and Hong Kong.

Transparency International, founded six years ago by a small group of people who
had seen development aid fail to achieve its goals as corruption flourished, has
77 national chapters. Mr. Vogl said he was impressed less by that growth than by
the explosion of public demand that governments and businesses stop corrupting
one another. Concerns about corruption are finally becoming part of policy
making, he said, pointing to the questions that Washington is now confronting
about dealing with Russia.

"Five years ago, we couldn't get into the World Bank," Mr. Vogl said. "We were
told that this was politics."

Now, he added, there is a "vast civil society movement" that is asking questions
in many capitals about why health care or other services receive no money while
officials buy airplanes.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             379 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 11, 2017 Wednesday

New York: Four Individuals Charged In Foreign Bribery And Fraud Scheme Involving
Potential $800 Million International Real Estate Deal For South Korean Company

LENGTH: 1595  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: Department of Justice,The New York State has issued the following news
release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Leslie R. Caldwell, Assistant Attorney General of the Criminal Division of
the U.S. Department of Justice, Stephen Richardson, Assistant Director of the
Criminal Investigative Division of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"),
and William F. Sweeney Jr., Assistant Director-in-Charge of the New York Field
Office of the FBI, announced the unsealing of an Indictment charging JOO HYUN
BAHN, a/k/a "Dennis Bahn" ("BAHN"), BAN KI SANG ("BAN"), and MALCOLM HARRIS
("HARRIS") with violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act ("FCPA"), money
laundering, wire fraud, and aggravated identity theft, and the filing of a
Complaint charging SANG WOO, a/k/a "John Woo," with conspiracy to violate the
FCPA. The defendants are charged with federal crimes arising out of a corrupt
scheme to pay $2.5 million in bribes to a foreign official ("Foreign
Official-1") of a country in the Middle East ("Country-1") in order to
facilitate the sale by South Korean construction company Keangnam Enterprises
Co., Ltd. ("Keangnam") of a 72-story commercial building known as Landmark 72 in
Hanoi, Vietnam, to Country-1's sovereign wealth fund (the "Fund") for $800
million.









 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "The father-son defendants, Ban Ki
Sang and Joo Hyun Bahn, allegedly conspired to bribe a foreign official to close
an $800 million deal for a 72-story skyscraper in Vietnam, a deal that would
have led to a multimillion-dollar commission for the Manhattan real estate
broker son and much needed capital for the father's construction company in
Korea. But these alleged schemers were themselves double-crossed, as the man who
purportedly set up the bribery scheme, Malcolm Harris, took the bribe money and
pocketed it. This alleged bribery and fraud scheme offends all who believe in
honest and transparent business, and it stands as a reminder that those who
bring international corruption to New York City, as alleged here, will face the
scrutiny of American law enforcement."







 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said: "This alleged conduct
proves the adage that there is truly no honor among thieves. The indictment
alleges that two defendants wanted to bribe a government official; instead they
were defrauded by their co-defendant. Today's charges are another example of the
Criminal Division's commitment to rooting out all manner of corruption."







 FBI Assistant Director Stephen Richardson said: "Accepting and offering bribes
seriously threatens the integrity of a fair and competitive economic system here
in the United States and abroad. This case is a testament to the commitment by
the FBI and our dedicated International Corruption Squads to combatting foreign
corruption that reaches our shores, and these arrests send a strong message that
we will not relent in our efforts to uphold the law and hold everyone
accountable to play by the same, fair rules."







 FBI Assistant Director William F. Sweeney Jr. said: "When Ban, a senior
executive at Keangnam, realized the debts owed to his company's creditors were
mounting, he sought the support of his son Bahn, a broker for a real estate firm
in Manhattan. The plan was for Bahn to secure an investor for Landmark 72, and
the brokerage agreement they entered into would ultimately secure Bahn a
lucrative profit. But instead of lawfully obtaining financing for the deal, they
allegedly entered into an illegal agreement with Harris to bribe a foreign
official into purchasing the property. In the end, they were hoodwinked by their
very own criminal activity."







 According to the allegations contained in the Indictment and the Complaint[1]:







 From in or about March 2013 through in or about May 2015, BAHN and his father
BAN engaged in an international conspiracy to bribe Foreign Official-1 in
connection with the attempted $800 million sale of a building complex in Hanoi,
Vietnam, known as Landmark 72. During this time, BAN was a senior executive at
Keangnam, a South Korean construction company that built and owned Landmark 72.
In early 2013, Keangnam was experiencing a liquidity crisis. The debts owed to
Keangnam's creditors were maturing and the company needed to raise capital. BAN
convinced Keangnam to hire his son BAHN, who worked as a broker at a commercial
real estate firm in Manhattan, to secure an investor for Landmark 72.
Thereafter, Keangnam entered into an exclusive brokerage agreement with BAHN and
his firm. If BAHN were successful, he stood to earn a multimillion-dollar
commission from Keangnam.







 Instead of obtaining financing through legitimate channels, BAHN and BAN
engaged in a corrupt scheme to pay bribes to Foreign Official-1, through HARRIS,
who held himself out as an agent of Foreign Official-1, to induce Foreign
Official-1 to use his influence to convince the Fund to acquire Landmark 72 for
approximately $800 million. HARRIS sent BAHN numerous emails purportedly sent by
Foreign Official-1 and bearing Foreign Official-1's name. In or about April
2014, following communications with HARRIS, BAHN and BAN agreed to pay, through
HARRIS, a $500,000 upfront bribe and a $2,000,000 bribe upon the close of the
sale of Landmark 72 to Foreign Official-1 on behalf of Keangnam. WOO helped BAHN
and BAN obtain the $500,000 that was ultimately used to pay the attempted
upfront bribe. Unbeknownst to BAHN or BAN, however, HARRIS did not have the
claimed relationship with Foreign Official-1 and did not intend to pay the bribe
money to Foreign Official-1. Instead, HARRIS simply stole the $500,000 upfront
bribe arranged by BAHN and BAN, which HARRIS then spent on lavish personal
expenses, including rent for a luxury penthouse apartment in Williamsburg,
Brooklyn.







 Over approximately the next year, as the Landmark 72 deal showed no signs of
actual progress, Keangnam's liquidity crisis worsened. Believing that the
upfront bribe that BAHN and BAN had arranged would eventually bear fruit, and
not wanting to lose a potential multimillion-dollar commission, BAHN engaged in
a fraudulent scheme to trick Keangnam and its creditors into believing the Fund
was close to acquiring Landmark 72. BAHN also stole approximately $225,000 of
the $500,000 that Keangnam had advanced BAHN's firm to cover brokerage expenses.
In furtherance of the fraudulent scheme, BAHN repeatedly lied to Keangnam and
its creditors about the status of the Landmark 72 deal with the Fund, knowing
that Keangnam and its creditors would rely upon the misrepresentations. In
addition, BAHN forged emails from Foreign Official-1 and other documents to make
the sale of Landmark 72 to the Fund appear imminent to Keangnam and its
creditors. Ultimately, when the sale of Landmark 72 to the Fund failed to
materialize, Keangnam was forced to enter court receivership in South Korea.





 BAHN was arrested in Tenafly, New Jersey, and WOO was arrested at John F.
Kennedy Airport earlier this morning. BAHN and WOO are expected to be presented
before U.S. Magistrate Judge Kevin Nathaniel Fox in federal court in Manhattan
later today. BAN and HARRIS are currently at large.







 The case against BAHN, BAN, and HARRIS is assigned to U.S. District Judge
Edgardo Ramos.







 BAHN, 38, of Tenafly, New Jersey, and BAN, 69, of Seoul, South Korea, are each
charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA, which carries a
maximum sentence of five years in prison; three counts of violating the FCPA,
each of which carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison; and one count
of conspiracy to commit money laundering and one count of money laundering, each
of which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison. In addition, BAHN and
HARRIS, 52, of New York, New York, are each charged with one count of wire
fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison; one count of
conducting monetary transactions in illegal funds, which carries a maximum
sentence of 10 years in prison; and aggravated identity theft, which carries a
mandatory consecutive sentence of two years in prison. WOO, 35, of Edgewater,
New Jersey, is charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA, which
carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison.





 The maximum potential sentences are prescribed by Congress and are provided
here for informational purposes only, as any sentencings of the defendants will
be determined by the judge.







 Mr. Bharara praised the outstanding investigative work of the International
Corruption Squad of the FBI's New York Field Office. Mr. Bharara also thanked
the Department of Justice's Office of International Affairs for its ongoing
assistance in this investigation.







 The case is being prosecuted by the Office's Complex Frauds and Cybercrime
Unit. Assistant United States Attorney Daniel S. Noble and Trial Attorney Dennis
R. Kihm of the Fraud Section of the Justice Department's Criminal Division are
in charge of the prosecution.







 The charges contained in the Indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.





 [1] As the introductory phase signifies, the entirety of the text of the
Indictment and Complaint, and the description of the Indictment and Complaint
set forth herein, constitute only allegations, and every fact described should
be treated as an allegation.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             380 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Medical Technician Charged with Accepting Bribes in Exchange
for Falsifying Urinalysis Drug Tests

LENGTH: 365  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former medical technician was charged in U.S. District Court Tuesday for
accepting bribes in exchange for fraudulently submitting urine specimens for
drug analysis, announced United States Attorney Danny C. Williams Sr. for the
Northern District of Oklahoma.

William Ray Allen, 33, of Tulsa, was charged with four counts of honest services
mail fraud and three counts of accepting a bribe. According to the Indictment
returned by the Federal Grand Jury, Allen was employed as a medical technician
at 12 & 12, Incorporated, a drug treatment facility contracted by the U.S.
Probation Office to provide drug testing and treatment services to persons under
supervision by order of the U.S. District Court, and was responsible for
collecting urine specimens for random urinalysis drug testing.

The Indictment alleges that from July of 2011 to August of 2014: Allen provided
prior notification to those who had been selected for random drug testing;
substituted his own urine or the urine of others for drug testing instead of
collecting and submitting urine samples from the persons subject to Court
ordered random drug testing; and, submitted falsified certifications with the
substituted urine submitted for analysis. The Grand Jury charged that, as part
of the mail fraud, Allen knowingly shipped the fraudulently substituted urine
specimens via Federal Express to the U.S. Probation Drug Laboratory in
Albuquerque, New Mexico. According to the Indictment, the bribes Allen accepted
was the money he received in exchange for the fraudulent submission of false
urine specimens for drug analysis.

If convicted, the defendant could be sentenced up to 20 years' imprisonment and
a $250,000 fine on each count of honest services mail fraud; and, not more than
15 years' imprisonment and a $250,000 fine for each bribery count.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation is the investigating agency and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joel-lyn A. McCormick is prosecuting on behalf of the United
States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             381 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              July 12, 2013 Friday
                                 Drive Edition

Jury convicts former Tinker buyer of accepting bribes

BYLINE: TIM WILLERT, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS METRO/STATE; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 210 words


A federal jury Thursday convicted a former Tinker Air Force Base buyer of
accepting more than $800,000 in bribes from government contractors, prosecutors
said.

Jurors found James Lee Loman, 70, of McCloud, guilty of conspiring to commit
wire fraud, accepting bribes and participating in government contracting under
an illegal conflict of interest.

Loman was a former item manager who purchased replacement parts for military
aircraft. He faces up to 40 years in prison and $750,000 in fines when he is
sentenced.

Prosecutors alleged that between 2002 and 2006, Loman accepted cash payments
from the owner of Daytona Aerospace, of Deerfield Beach, Fla., in exchange for
the purchase of Boeing 707 replacement parts, prosecutors alleged.

Loman calculated payments based on a percentage of aircraft sales to the U.S.
Air Force, and collected $838,200 in cash bribes, according to faxes presented
as evidence at trial.

The faxes also tracked the amount of bribes due and already paid, and some were
collection letters that used code language, prosecutors said.

Loman drove to Florida on several occasions to pick up the $50,000 payments and
deposited some of the money into an Oklahoma bank account in amounts less than
$10,000 to avoid detection, court records show.


LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2013 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             382 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 28, 1989, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Silver Burdett Reports It Refused Bribe Offer

SECTION: Section 1; Page 31, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 268 words


Silver Burdett & Ginn Inc., one of the largest publishers of elementary school
textbooks in the country, said yesterday that it was solicited for a bribe last
year, but refused to pay it.

An indictment returned Thursday in the Bronx accused Jose M. Cruz, a member of
Community School Board 12 in the Bronx, of trying to steal more than $50,000
from Silver Burdett last fall and of threatening company employees. Mr. Cruz
pleaded not guilty.

An article in The New York Times yesterday identified Silver Burdett
incompletely and did not seek a response on its possible involvement in the
case.

The company is owned by Simon & Schuster, part of Gulf and Western Inc. In a
statement, a spokeswoman for Silver Burdett, Providence Cicero, said the company
was ''solicited in 1988 to pay a bribe, and it flatly refused to do so.'' The
company would give no further details about the charges and would not discuss
its dealings with District 12. It also would not say who had sought the bribe.

District Attorney Robert T. Johnson of the Bronx issued a statement yesterday
that said: ''The indictment charges that Jose Cruz solicited bribes from Silver
Burdett & Ginn. It does not allege that Silver Burdett & Ginn paid or agreed to
pay any bribes to the defendant. Silver Burdett & Ginn have been completely
cooperative with the investigation and have committed no wrongdoing.''

Mr. Cruz, who is also a teacher in District 9 in the Bronx, was one of five
people named in the first indictments returned in the extensive investigtions
into allegations of wrongdoing in the city's decentralized school districts.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             383 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Former Senior Executive of French Power Company Charged in
Connection with Foreign Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1052  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former senior executive of a French power and transportation company has been
charged in a second superseding indictment for his alleged participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to foreign government officials.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly of the District of
Connecticut, and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Lawrence Hoskins, 62, a former senior vice president for the Asia region for the
French company, was charged in the District of Connecticut with conspiring to
violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and to launder money, as well
as substantive FCPA and money laundering violations. William Pomponi, a former
executive of the Connecticut-based subsidiary of the power and transportation
company who was previously charged in a superseding indictment on April 30,
2013, was charged with Hoskins in the second superseding indictment.

Frederic Pierucci, a current company executive who was previously charged in
this case, pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of conspiring to violate the
FCPA and one count of violating the FCPA. Charges against Pierucci were
initially unsealed on April 16, 2013, along with a guilty plea by David
Rothschild, a former vice president of regional sales at the Connecticut-based
subsidiary, in connection with the bribery scheme. Rothschild pleaded guilty on
November 2, 2012.

According to the charges, the defendants, together with others, allegedly paid
bribes to officials in Indonesia--including a member of the Indonesian
Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), the
state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in Indonesia--in exchange
for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known as the Tarahan
project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide power-related
services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the bribes, the defendants
retained two consultants purportedly to provide legitimate consulting services
on behalf of the power company and its subsidiaries in connection with the
Tarahan project. The indictment, however, alleges that the primary purpose for
hiring the consultants was to use the consultants to pay bribes to Indonesian
officials.

The first consultant retained by the defendants allegedly received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his Maryland bank account to be used to bribe the member
of Parliament. The consultant then allegedly transferred the bribe money to a
bank account in Indonesia for the benefit of the official. According to court
documents, e-mails between Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, Rothschild, and their
co-conspirators discuss in detail the use of the first consultant to funnel
bribes to the member of Parliament and the influence that the member of
Parliament could exert over the Tarahan project.

Court documents allege that in the fall of 2003, Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, and
others determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing key
officials at PLN. One e-mail between employees of the power company's subsidiary
in Indonesia described PLN officials' "concern that if we have won the job,
whether their rewards will still be satisfactory or this agent only give them
pocket money and disappear." In another e-mail, an employee at the power
company's subsidiary in Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins asserting that the
consultant "has no grip on the PLN Tender team at all" and "is more or less
similar to [a] cashier, which I feel we pay too much." As a result, the
co-conspirators allegedly retained a second consultant to more effectively bribe
PLN officials. The charges allege that the power company deviated from its usual
practice of paying consultants on a pro-rata basis in order to make a much
larger up-front payment to the second consultant so that the consultant could
"get the right influence." An employee at the power company's subsidiary in
Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, and others asking them
to finalize the consultancy agreement with the front-loaded payments but stated
that in the meantime, the employee would give his word to a high-level official
at PLN, according to the charges. The defendants and their co-conspirators were
successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments to the
consultants for the alleged purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

The conspiracy to commit violations of the FCPA count carries a maximum penalty
of five years in prison and a fine of the greater of $250,000 or twice the value
gained or lost. The substantive FCPA counts each carry a maximum penalty of five
years in prison and a fine of the greater of $100,000 or twice the value gained
or lost. The conspiracy to commit money laundering count carries a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine of the greater of $500,000 or twice the
value of the property involved in the transaction. The substantive money
laundering counts each carry a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine
of the greater of $500,000 or twice the value of the property involved in the
transaction.

An indictment is merely an accusation, and defendants are presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs, and the Department has
also worked closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the
Komisi Pemberantasan Korupsi (Corruption Eradication Commission) and deeply
appreciates KPK's assistance in this matter.

The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

Additional information about the Justice Department's FCPA enforcement efforts
can be found at www.justice.gov/criminal/fraud/fcpa.

For more information aplease visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             384 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Former Senior Executive of French Power Company Charged in
Connection with Foreign Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1052  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former senior executive of a French power and transportation company has been
charged in a second superseding indictment for his alleged participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to foreign government officials.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Deirdre M. Daly of the District of
Connecticut, and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Lawrence Hoskins, 62, a former senior vice president for the Asia region for the
French company, was charged in the District of Connecticut with conspiring to
violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and to launder money, as well
as substantive FCPA and money laundering violations. William Pomponi, a former
executive of the Connecticut-based subsidiary of the power and transportation
company who was previously charged in a superseding indictment on April 30,
2013, was charged with Hoskins in the second superseding indictment.

Frederic Pierucci, a current company executive who was previously charged in
this case, pleaded guilty yesterday to one count of conspiring to violate the
FCPA and one count of violating the FCPA. Charges against Pierucci were
initially unsealed on April 16, 2013, along with a guilty plea by David
Rothschild, a former vice president of regional sales at the Connecticut-based
subsidiary, in connection with the bribery scheme. Rothschild pleaded guilty on
November 2, 2012.

According to the charges, the defendants, together with others, allegedly paid
bribes to officials in Indonesia--including a member of the Indonesian
Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), the
state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in Indonesia--in exchange
for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known as the Tarahan
project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide power-related
services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the bribes, the defendants
retained two consultants purportedly to provide legitimate consulting services
on behalf of the power company and its subsidiaries in connection with the
Tarahan project. The indictment, however, alleges that the primary purpose for
hiring the consultants was to use the consultants to pay bribes to Indonesian
officials.

The first consultant retained by the defendants allegedly received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his Maryland bank account to be used to bribe the member
of Parliament. The consultant then allegedly transferred the bribe money to a
bank account in Indonesia for the benefit of the official. According to court
documents, e-mails between Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, Rothschild, and their
co-conspirators discuss in detail the use of the first consultant to funnel
bribes to the member of Parliament and the influence that the member of
Parliament could exert over the Tarahan project.

Court documents allege that in the fall of 2003, Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, and
others determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing key
officials at PLN. One e-mail between employees of the power company's subsidiary
in Indonesia described PLN officials' "concern that if we have won the job,
whether their rewards will still be satisfactory or this agent only give them
pocket money and disappear." In another e-mail, an employee at the power
company's subsidiary in Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins asserting that the
consultant "has no grip on the PLN Tender team at all" and "is more or less
similar to [a] cashier, which I feel we pay too much." As a result, the
co-conspirators allegedly retained a second consultant to more effectively bribe
PLN officials. The charges allege that the power company deviated from its usual
practice of paying consultants on a pro-rata basis in order to make a much
larger up-front payment to the second consultant so that the consultant could
"get the right influence." An employee at the power company's subsidiary in
Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, and others asking them
to finalize the consultancy agreement with the front-loaded payments but stated
that in the meantime, the employee would give his word to a high-level official
at PLN, according to the charges. The defendants and their co-conspirators were
successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments to the
consultants for the alleged purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

The conspiracy to commit violations of the FCPA count carries a maximum penalty
of five years in prison and a fine of the greater of $250,000 or twice the value
gained or lost. The substantive FCPA counts each carry a maximum penalty of five
years in prison and a fine of the greater of $100,000 or twice the value gained
or lost. The conspiracy to commit money laundering count carries a maximum
penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine of the greater of $500,000 or twice the
value of the property involved in the transaction. The substantive money
laundering counts each carry a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and a fine
of the greater of $500,000 or twice the value of the property involved in the
transaction.

An indictment is merely an accusation, and defendants are presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs, and the Department has
also worked closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the
Komisi Pemberantasan Korupsi (Corruption Eradication Commission) and deeply
appreciates KPK's assistance in this matter.

The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorney Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

Additional information about the Justice Department's FCPA enforcement efforts
can be found at www.justice.gov/criminal/fraud/fcpa.

For more information aplease visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             385 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 27, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

TWO EX-CITY AIDES INDICTED IN GRAFT AT PARKING AGENCY

BYLINE: By ARNOLD H. LUBASCH

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 2157 words


Two former city officials were indicted yesterday on Federal charges that they
turned the New York City Parking Violations Bureau into a criminal, racketeering
enterprise that collected at least $542,000 in bribes and payoffs.

The indictment was the first of two major developments yesterday advancing the
inquiries into allegations of corruption at the parking bureau. The second was
the disclosure by the lawyer for Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx Democratic
chairman and former deputy mayor, that his client would be arrested today on
charges of fraudulently misrepresenting a computer company that won a $22
million contract from the city. [Page B3.] The former officials indicted were
Michael J. Lazar, a millionaire real-estate developer who left the city
government in 1976 after holding several key posts, including Transportation
Administrator, and Lester N. Shafran, who was dismissed as the director of the
parking bureau two months ago.

Manes Named in Indictment

Both men were active in the Queens Democratic organization and were political
allies of Donald R. Manes, the former Queens Borough President, who was accused
in the indictment of sharing in the bribes. The indictment is the first explicit
statement by prosecutors that Mr. Manes, who committed suicide March 13,
participated in the bribery scheme.

Two other men were charged yesterday in criminal complaints filed with the
Federal indictment. They are Marvin Bergman of Beechhurst, Queens, a 54-year-old
former law partner of Mr. Manes, and Allan Scott, 47, of Teaneck, N.J., a vice
president of the Datacom Systems Corporation, a company that collected overdue
parking fines for the city and was represented by Mr. Lazar.

Lawyers for the four defendants either declined comment or said their clients
denied any wrongdoing.

'A Racketeering Enterprise'

Those indicted and charged yesterday ''conducted the affairs'' of the Parking
Violations Bureau ''as a racketeering enterprise to promote their own corrupt
ends through bribery, political patronage and fraud,'' according to a statement
accompanying the indictment.

One of the ways Mr. Manes and his associates exercised control over the bureau
was by influencing the awarding of contracts by the agency to private companies
and by influencing those companies to offer or promise jobs or contracts to city
officials after they left government, the indictment said.

The announcements yesterday represented the most extensive legal action growing
out of the allegations of corruption and the public disclosures that began late
last year, when a Federal informant in Chicago told investigators that public
officials in New York were taking payoffs.

The investigations have forced resignations of key city officials, slowed the
pace of some municipal business and created a climate of mistrust among many New
Yorkers.

Mr. Manes and Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, a former deputy director of the parking
bureau, were named as co-racketeers but not charged in the indictment.

The indictment said Mr. Lindenauer collected at least $542,000 in bribes and
shared more than half of it with Mr. Manes, sometimes giving him half of each
payment and sometimes giving him more. Prosecutors refused to say if they knew
what had become of the money. The United States Attorney in Manhattan, Rudolph
W. Giuliani, said the Government was studying whether there was a way to recover
from Mr. Manes's estate his share of the payments.

Mr. Lindenauer had pleaded guilty on March 10 to charges that he had extorted at
least $410,000 in bribes -thousands of dollars less than the amount reported in
yesterday's indictment - while he was an official of the parking bureau and had
agreed to cooperate in the investigation. Until yesterday's indictment, he was
the only city official who had been charged in the scandal.

Reacting yesterday to the indictment and its assertion that the parking bureau
and its lucrative collection contracts were part of a criminal enterprise, Mayor
Koch said, ''I believe that whatever action must be taken to deal toughly,
harshly, stringently with those who are corrupt must be taken.''

Last week, the Mayor called the circle of corruption ''major,'' but he has
maintained that since only one person, Mr. Lindenauer, had been indicted, the
public had overreacted to the allegations.

A Chance to Change System

Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, announced the new
charges at a news conference in his office with other officials, including
District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau of Manhattan, City Investigation
Commissioner Kenneth Conboy and Thomas Sheer of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

They stressed that the continuing investigation provided an opportunity to
change the system of awarding city contracts that permitted corruption.

In the indictment yesterday, Mr. Lazar was charged with paying at least $20,000
in bribes to Mr. Lindenauer concerning Datacom's contracts with the parking
bureau between 1980 and 1982. Most of that money, the indictment said, was
passed on to Mr. Manes.

Mr. Shafran was charged in the indictment with receiving at least $12,000 in
bribes between 1983 and 1985 from another collection company, Systematic
Recovery Services of Manhattan. The company was said to have paid $300,000 in
bribes to Mr. Lindenauer between 1981 and 1986.

Collection Agencies Cited

Bribes were also paid by other collection agencies, the indictment said,
including Computrace of Queens, the law firm of Sennet & Krumholz in Manhattan,
the Standard Collection Agency of Queens, Aid Associaties of Manhattan, Recovery
Associates of Mineola, L.I., and Eichenbaum, Kantrowitz, Leff & Scheer of New
Jersey.

The indictment charged that there was a scheme to defraud the city and its
citizens of ''their right to the honest and loyal services'' of public
officials.

It said the defendants operated the city's parking bureau as a racketeering
enterprise to obtain money for ''public officials, including Donald Manes,
through the receipt of bribes, the use of political patronage, the fraudulent
award of contracts by the Parking Violations Bureau and other means of
dominating and controlling the Department of Transportation and the Parking
Violations Bureau.''

One of the purposes of the operation, the indictment said, was ''obtaining,
renewing and assisting in the performance of lucrative Parking Violations Bureau
contracts through the payment of bribes by Datacom during a period when Datacom
was represented by the defendant Michael Lazar.''

'Regular Cash Bribes'

The indictment charged that there was an agreement between Mr. Manes and Mr.
Lazar that ''Lazar would pay regular cash bribes to Geoffrey Lindenauer.''

A lawyer for Mr. Shafran, Larry Silverman, said his client denied the charges.
''He is going to trial and defend himself, and after the trial is over, he will
be proven innocent,'' he said.

Victor Rocco, Mr. Lazar's lawyer, said he had advised his client not to comment
on the indictment.

Stephen R. Mahler, a lawyer who is representing Mr. Bergman, said he had not
seen the indictment yet. ''I am quite sure my client will be exonerated,'' Mr.
Mahler said. ''I think he is guilty of no wrongdoing.''

Alan Levine, a lawyer representing Mr. Scott, said his client would plead not
guilty to the charges. ''We will wait for the Government to present its case,''
he added.

At the Teaneck offices of Datacom Systems, Manuel Valencia, president of the
company, said: ''The company stands behind Mr. Scott. We believe he has done
nothing wrong, and feel he will be exonerated.''

Mr. Valencia said that Mr. Scott, had been with the company since 1978 and that
his duties involved pursuing out-of-state parking violators and finding them
through the motor vehicle departments of various states.

Spokesmen or lawyers for the collection companies named in the indictment either
refused to comment or said their companies were the victims of ''extortion
demmands.''

Related Complaints

The two related complaints were filed against Mr. Scott and Mr. Bergman, a
procedure often used to charge defendants before a grand jury decides whether to
indictment them.

In one complaint, Mr. Scott was accused of extorting $150,000 in payoffs from an
unidentified towing company that performed work for the parking bureau. The
other complaint accused Mr. Bergman of paying more than $30,000 in bribes to Mr.
Manes and Mr. Lindenauer to obtain a parking bureau contract for Aid Associates.

The complaint filed against Mr. Bergman charged that he told Mr. Lindenauer that
he would keep as a ''fee'' 10 percent of the commissions earned by Aid
Associates.

He also told Mr. Lindenauer that half of this was to pay taxes and the other
half would be split with Mr. Manes and Mr. Lindenauer. Aid Associates earned a
total of about $1.2 million from 1983 to 1985, and during this period Mr.
Lindenauer, Mr. Manes and Mr. Bergman equally divided about $50,000 in bribes,
according to the complaint.

The complaints contain one charge against Mr. Scott and one against Mr. Bergman,
with each carrying a maximum sentence of five years in prison and fines ranging
from $10,000 to $250,000.

The main racketeering charge against Mr. Lazar and Mr. Shafran carries a maximum
sentence of 20 years and a $250,000 fine against each.

The indictment, based on the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act,
or RICO statute, calls for the forfeiture of all illegal profits taken by the
defendants in their enterprise. Because the prosecutors said the parking bureau
itself had been transformed into a racketeering enterprise, even Mr. Shafran's
salary while he was a city official - about $435,000 since 1978 - and pension
rights could be taken by the Government, if he is convicted.

The indictment also provides for the possible forfeiture of all fees received by
Mr. Lazar from Datacom.

The four-count indictment also names both Mr. Lazar and Mr. Shafran in a
conspiracy charge and one fraud charge each.

Cooperating in Case

Mr. Lindenauer was cited as an unindicted ''co-racketeer'' because he has
pleaded guilty and is cooperating in the case. Mr. Manes and a former city
marshal, Sheldon Chevlowe, were similarly cited because they are accused of
participating in the purported scheme, but are dead.

Mr. Lazar, who is 57 and lives in Lido Beach, L.I., served as the city's
Transportation Administrator from 1973 to 1976. He then left government to
become a real-estate developer.

As the Transportation Administrator, he oversaw the parking agency and advocated
hiring outside companies to collect overdue parking summonses. He approved
Datacom's first contract with the city in 1975.

Mr. Shafran, who is 44 and lives in Holliswood, Queens, obtained his position as
director of the parking bureau ''through the patronage powers of Donald Manes,''
the indictment said.

The defendants are scheduled to be arraigned on the charges today in Federal
District Court in Manhattan. Mr. Scott appeared in court briefly yesterday and
was released without bail, pending a further hearing.

Payments Cited in the Indictment

From the indictment of Michael J. Lazar, former lawyer for Datacom Systems
Corporation, a private collection agency, and Lester N. Shafran, former deputy
commissioner of the Department of Transportation and former director of the
Parking Violations Bureau. The grand jury charges were handed up yesterday in
Federal District Court.
An error occurred in the processing of a table at this point in the document.
Please refer to the table in the online document.
Michael J. Lazar Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, former assistant commissioner of the
Department of Transportation and former deputy director of the Parking
Violations Bureau 1880 and 1982 At least $20,000 in a series of cash payments
with the majority going to Donald R. Manes, former Queens Borough President
Systematic Recovery Services, a private collection agency Mr. Lindenauer Spring
'81-January '86 About $300,000 in cash, shared equally with Mr. Manes Systematic
Recovery Services Lester N. Shafran '83 and '85 At least $12,000 in cash and
other things of value Standard Collection Agency, a private company Mr.
Lindenauer '84 and '85 More than $70,000 in cash, shared equally with Mr. Manes
Sennet & Krumholz, a law firm performing collection services Mr. Lindenauer
'83-'86 About $68,000 in cash, shared equally with Mr. Manes Computrace Ltd., a
private collection agency Mr. Lindenauer Spring '82-January '86 More than
$25,000 in cash, with Mr. Manes receiving more than half AID Associates, a
private collection agency Mr. Lindenauer '83-'85 At least $34,000 in cash,
shared equally with Mr. Manes Recovery Associates Inc., a private collection
agency Mr. Lindenauer '83-'85 At least $30,000 in cash, shared equally with Mr.
Manes Eichenbaum, Kantrowitz, Leff & Scheer, a private collection agency Mr.
Lindenauer '83-'85 At least $20,000 in cash, shared equally with Mr. Manes

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photos of city official indicted in Parking Violations Bureau scandal
(NYT)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             386 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Washington: Former High-Ranking FIFA And CONCACAF Official Pleads Guilty To
Racketeering And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 602  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Alfredo Hawit, a former FIFA vice
president and executive committee member, the former president of CONCACAF, and
the former president and general secretary of the Honduran soccer federation
(FENAFUTH), pleaded guilty to one count of racketeering conspiracy, two counts
of wire fraud conspiracy, and one count of conspiracy to obstruct justice in
connection with his receipt of bribes in exchange for the awarding of contracts
for the media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments and FIFA World Cup
qualifier matches.  Hawit, who served in high-ranking positions in soccer from
1998 to 2015, also agreed to forfeit $950,000.  At sentencing, Hawit faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Raymond J. Dearie.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; Diego G. Rodriguez, Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, in
approximately 2011 and 2012, Hawit negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands
of dollars in bribes in exchange for his agreement to exercise his influence as
acting president of CONCACAF to award an Argentine sports marketing company the
media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments, including the Gold Cup and
the CONCACAF Champions League.  Starting in approximately 2008, Hawit also
negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes in exchange
for his agreement to exercise his influence as the FENAFUTH general secretary to
award contracts to Media World, a Florida sports marketing company, for the
media and marketing rights to the Honduran national soccer team's home World Cup
qualifier matches for the 2014, 2018, and 2022 editions of the World Cup.  Over
a period of years, Media World transmitted these bribes from its U.S. bank
accounts, through an intermediary, to foreign bank accounts controlled by the
defendant's family members and by a co-conspirator.  In addition, after the
original indictment in this case was unsealed on May 27, 2015, Hawit engaged in
a conspiracy to obstruct justice, and to tamper with witnesses and evidence, by
advising a co-conspirator to create sham contracts in order to mask bribe
payments already paid and, if asked, deceive law enforcement officers about the
true nature and purpose of bribe payments.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             387 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 6, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Two Doctors Each Sentenced to 37 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes
in Test-Referrals Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 572  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Two doctors were sentenced to prison today for accepting bribes in exchange for
test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its
president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Eugene DeSimone, 60, of Eatontown, New Jersey, who practiced in Secaucus, and
Franz Goyzueta, 67, of New York, who practiced in New York, were each sentenced
to 37 months in prison. DeSimone and Goyzueta previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to separate informations charging them
each with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed both sentences
today in Newark federal court.

Including DeSimone and Goyzueta, 38 people--26 of them doctors--have pleaded
guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted
involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in
payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The
investigation has so far recovered more than $10.5 million to date through
forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DeSimone accepted $1,500 in cash per month between August 2010 and March 2013 in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received
$980,000. Goyzueta accepted as much as $3,000 per month from BLS between
December 2013 and March 2013 in return for patient blood specimen referrals, for
which BLS received approximately $713,249.

In addition to the prison terms, Judge Chesler sentenced both DeSimone and
Goyzueta to serve one year of supervised release; he fined Goyzueta $75,000 and
DeSimone $5,000. As part of their guilty pleas, DeSimone must forfeit $260,500
and Goyzueta must forfeit $72,000.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             388 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

DeKalb

BYLINE: Ty Tagami, Megan Matteucci, Kristi E. Swartz, Joel Anderson; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 491 words


Former officer indicted on bribery charges

A former DeKalb County police lieutenant was arraigned Monday on allegations
that he accepted bribes.

Willie Daren Durrett, 45, of Atlanta, quit his job with the DeKalb County Police
Department last week in the midst of the federal investigation.

Durrett is accused of accepting three bribes in 2007 and 2008, said U.S.
Attorney Sally Quillian Yates. She said he accepted the bribes from Amin
Budhwani, who pleaded guilty in June to paying bribes to DeKalb County Deputy
Police Chief Donald E. Frank. Frank and Durrett were indicted March 1. TY TAGAMI

Memorial planned for zoning administrator

DeKalb County is organizing a memorial service for a county zoning administrator
who died at his desk Friday afternoon.

Kevin Hunter, 54, was working in the Planning Department when he died, county
spokesman Burke Brennan said Monday. Hunter worked for DeKalb for 13 years and
handled zoning issues for the county, Brennan said.

"Kevin served the citizens of DeKalb County well and will be missed," CEO
Burrell Ellis said Monday in a statement to county employees. "Our condolences
and prayers go out to his family." MEGAN MATTEUCCI

One dead, one hurt in shooting at apartments

One person is dead and another one injured after a double shooting at a DeKalb
apartment complex Monday, DeKalb County Police officer Mekka Parrish said.

The men were shot at the Creekside Corner Apartments at 6306 Turnberry Place.
Investigators think the shooting stemmed from a fight that happened at a club
earlier that evening. The people involved in the fight all knew each other,
investigators said. Investigators have not released information about the
possible suspects. KRISTI E. SWARTZ

Employment fair in Decatur on March 15

Dozens of jobs will be available at the Georgia Sustainable Communities'
Alliance employment fair in Decatur. The job fair is scheduled for March 15 from
10 a.m. to 2 p.m. at the Holiday Inn on Clairemont Avenue. The job fair will
also host free workshops on resume writing and salary negotiating. Professional
attire is required. MEGAN MATTEUCCI

Learn how to restore historic houses

Decatur residents can learn how to restore their historic home at the city's Old
House Fair. The third annual fair will be March 19 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. at the
Holiday Inn on Clairemont Avenue. Tickets are $10 in advance and $15 at the
door. Information: www.decaturoldhousefair.com. MEGAN MATTEUCCI

Churchill Society to hold first lecture of year

The Churchill Society of Georgia will hold its first lecture of the year
Saturday afternoon. Bill Fisher, a Winston Churchill scholar and vice president
of the society, will present the chronology and key events of the Gallipoli
Campaign, a pivotal battle fought in the Ottoman Empire during World War I. The
lecture will be from noon to 2 p.m. at the Dunwoody Tavern on 5488 Chamblee
Dunwoody Road.

Information: Joe Wilson at (770) 391-0605 or www.georgiachurchill.com. JOEL
ANDERSON

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2011 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             389 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                  COURIER-MAIL

                              July 1, 1991 Monday

JUDGE GUILTY OF TAKING BRIBE FROM SMUGGLER

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: HANAGHAN D

LENGTH: 249 words


Judge guilty of taking bribe from smuggler NEW ORLEANS: Federal Judge Robert
Collins was convicted yesterday of scheming to split a $US100,000 bribe from a
drug smuggler, making him the first federal judge in the 200-year history of the
judiciary to be found guilty of taking a bribe. Collins, who was caught with
$US16,500 in money marked by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, was the first
black federal judge in the modern-day Deep South. He and the alleged bagman,
John Ross, a politically-connected businessman, were found guilty of bribery,
conspiracy and obstruction of justice. Both face up to 25 years in prison and
$US750,000 in fines. Sentencing was set for September 6. Defence lawyers said
appeals were likely. Julian Murray, Collins' attorney, said the judge was ""in a
state of shock". Mr Murray said Collins would not resign, but would not hear
cases until his appeal was over. A federal judge can be removed only through
impeachment by Congress. Collins will continue to receive his salary. Collins
was the first federal judge convicted of any crime since Robert Aguilar of
California was found guilty of illegally disclosing a wiretap in August 1990.
Three other federal judges were indicted during the last decade and removed by
Congress. They were Harry Claiborne of Nevada, Alcee Hastings of Florida and
Walter Nixon of Mississippi. The Justice Department said that up until now, no
federal judge had been convicted of bribery. JUDGE Robert Collins

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PIC OF HEAD SHOT OF JUDGE ROBERT COLLINS

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1991 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             390 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Four Businessman and Two Foreign Officials Plead Guilty in Connection with
Bribes Paid to Mexican Aviation Officials

LENGTH: 932  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Texas
has issued the following news release:



  Charges have been unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded
guilty for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials in order to
secure aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and
controlled entities, and two for conspiring to launder the proceeds of the
schemes.





 U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson, Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell
of the Justice Department's Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge Mark
Dawson of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security
Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston, Special Agent in Charge Shane Folden of
ICE-HSI in San Antonio and Special Agent in Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Houston Field Office made the
announcement.



 "The six convictions announced today demonstrate the department's commitment to
holding accountable those who further official corruption through bribery," said
Caldwell. "These convictions are the result of a coordinated effort by
prosecutors and agents who built the cases brick by brick using traditional law
enforcement techniques."



 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials," said Folden. "This case serves as a reminder that HSI will use all
its resources to identify, investigate and dismantle these criminal networks
wherever they operate."



 "The individuals involved in this scheme paid millions of dollars in bribes to
foreign officials in exchange for aviation contracts that placed legitimate
businesses at a significant competitive disadvantage," said Goss. "IRS-CI's role
in unraveling this scheme assisted in facilitating the guilty pleas that were
announced today."



 Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a citizen of
Mexico, pleaded guilty on Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively, before U.S.
District Judge Alfred H. Bennett of the Southern District of Texas to conspiracy
to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy to commit
wire fraud. Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of Brownsville,
pleaded guilty on Nov. 2, 2016, before U.S. District Judge Ricardo H. Hinojosa
of the Southern District of Texas to one count of conspiring to violate the
FCPA. Ramnarine and Perez are scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 30, 2017. Ray
and Valdez Pinon are scheduled to be sentenced Feb.  23, 2016.



 Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both of whom
are citizens of Mexico and were previous officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering. Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty before Judge Bennett on Dec. 9,
2015, and is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 12, 2017. Nevarez pleaded guilty
before Judge Hinojosa on March 4, 2016, and was sentenced to 15 months in prison
on May 27, 2016.



 According to the defendants' plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials. The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.
Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials. As part
of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayor's state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers. As part of his
guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican public
university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for taking
certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the university.
Nevarez also admitted he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others to launder
the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.



 ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are investigating the case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse
Salazar and Arthur Jones are prosecuting the case along with Trial Attorneys
Christopher Cestaro and Kevin R. Gingras of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section. The Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided
significant assistance.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             391 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 28, 2016 Wednesday

Four Businessman and Two Foreign Officials Plead Guilty in Connection with
Bribes Paid to Mexican Aviation Officials

LENGTH: 932  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Texas
has issued the following news release:



  Charges have been unsealed against six individuals, all of whom have pleaded
guilty for their involvement in schemes to bribe Mexican officials in order to
secure aircraft maintenance and repair contracts with government-owned and
controlled entities, and two for conspiring to launder the proceeds of the
schemes.





 U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson, Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell
of the Justice Department's Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge Mark
Dawson of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security
Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston, Special Agent in Charge Shane Folden of
ICE-HSI in San Antonio and Special Agent in Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Houston Field Office made the
announcement.



 "The six convictions announced today demonstrate the department's commitment to
holding accountable those who further official corruption through bribery," said
Caldwell. "These convictions are the result of a coordinated effort by
prosecutors and agents who built the cases brick by brick using traditional law
enforcement techniques."



 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
aggressively investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign
officials," said Folden. "This case serves as a reminder that HSI will use all
its resources to identify, investigate and dismantle these criminal networks
wherever they operate."



 "The individuals involved in this scheme paid millions of dollars in bribes to
foreign officials in exchange for aviation contracts that placed legitimate
businesses at a significant competitive disadvantage," said Goss. "IRS-CI's role
in unraveling this scheme assisted in facilitating the guilty pleas that were
announced today."



 Douglas Ray, 55, of Magnolia, and Victor Hugo Valdez Pinon, 54, a citizen of
Mexico, pleaded guilty on Oct. 28 and Oct. 26, 2016, respectively, before U.S.
District Judge Alfred H. Bennett of the Southern District of Texas to conspiracy
to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and conspiracy to commit
wire fraud. Kamta Ramnarine, 69, and Daniel Perez, 69, both of Brownsville,
pleaded guilty on Nov. 2, 2016, before U.S. District Judge Ricardo H. Hinojosa
of the Southern District of Texas to one count of conspiring to violate the
FCPA. Ramnarine and Perez are scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 30, 2017. Ray
and Valdez Pinon are scheduled to be sentenced Feb.  23, 2016.



 Ernesto Hernandez Montemayor, 55, and Ramiro Ascencio Nevarez, 58, both of whom
are citizens of Mexico and were previous officials of Mexican state government
entities, each pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit money
laundering. Hernandez Montemayor pleaded guilty before Judge Bennett on Dec. 9,
2015, and is scheduled to be sentenced on Jan. 12, 2017. Nevarez pleaded guilty
before Judge Hinojosa on March 4, 2016, and was sentenced to 15 months in prison
on May 27, 2016.



 According to the defendants' plea agreements, between 2006 and 2016, Ray
conspired with Valdez and others to bribe Mexican officials. The defendants and
their co-conspirators, who owned or were associated with companies in the United
States that provided aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and related services
to customers from the United States and Mexico, paid the bribes in order to
secure parts and servicing contracts with Mexican government-owned customers.
Ray agreed to pay bribes to at least seven different foreign officials,
including Hernandez Montemayor, sometimes paying the bribes via wire transfer
and checks to accounts in the United States controlled by the officials. As part
of his guilty plea, Hernandez Montemayor admitted that while employed by a
Mexican state government, he accepted bribes from Ray, Ramnarine, Perez and
others in exchange for taking certain actions to assist companies they owned in
winning business with Hernandez Montemayor's state government employer.
Hernandez Montemayor also admitted that he conspired with Ray, Ramnarine, Perez
and others to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 Ramnarine and Perez admitted that, in addition to bribing Hernandez Montemayor,
they also conspired to pay bribes to several other foreign officials between
2007 and 2015 to ensure that their Brownsville-based company won aircraft parts
and services contracts with Mexican government-owned customers. As part of his
guilty plea, Nevarez admitted that while employed by a Mexican public
university, he accepted bribes from Ramnarine and Perez in exchange for taking
certain actions to assist their company in winning business with the university.
Nevarez also admitted he conspired with Ramnarine, Perez and others to launder
the proceeds of the bribery scheme.



 In total, Ray, Valdez Pinon, Ramnarine, Perez and their co-conspirators paid
more than $2 million in bribes to Mexican officials, including Hernandez
Montemayor and Nevarez, in order to secure aviation maintenance, repair and
overhaul contracts.



 ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are investigating the case. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jesse
Salazar and Arthur Jones are prosecuting the case along with Trial Attorneys
Christopher Cestaro and Kevin R. Gingras of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section. The Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided
significant assistance.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             392 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

United States Returns $1.5 Million in Forfeited Proceeds from Sale of Property
Purchased with Alleged Bribes Paid to Family of Former President of Taiwan

LENGTH: 699  words


The Department of Justice announced today that it is returning approximately
$1.5 million to Taiwan, the proceeds of the sale of a forfeited New York
condominium and a Virginia residence that the United States alleged in its
complaint were purchased with the proceeds of bribes paid to the family of
Taiwans former President Chen Shui-Bian.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Departments
Criminal Division and Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge of U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcements Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) made
the announcement.

According to the civil forfeiture complaints filed in this case, Yuanta
Securities Co. Ltd. paid a bribe of 200 million New Taiwan dollars (equivalent
to approximately $6 million USD) to former First Lady Wu Shu-Jen in 2004, during
former President Chen Shui-Bians administration.  The bribe was allegedly paid
to ensure that the president would use his power so that the Taiwan authorities
would not oppose Yuantas bid to acquire a financial holding company.  The former
first family used Hong Kong and Swiss bank accounts, shell companies and a St.
Kitts and Nevis trust to transfer the bribe proceeds needed to purchase the
properties in Keswick, Virginia, and New York.  The properties were owned by the
former first family of Taiwan through two limited liability companies.  In
October 2012, U.S. District Courts in Virginia and in New York entered final
forfeiture judgments against these two properties without opposition by the
record owners.  The United States then sold these two properties and obtained
approximately $1.5 million in proceeds, which is being returned to Taiwan.

The Kleptocracy Initiative was established to prevent corrupt leaders from using
the United States as a safe haven for their ill-gotten gains, said Assistant
Attorney General Caldwell.  We are committed to rooting out foreign official
corruption and preventing corrupt officials from enjoying their spoils in the
United States.  We appreciate the cooperation of Taiwan law enforcement in this
matter.

After many years of collaborative work, we are happy to return these funds to
their rightful owners, said Executive Associate Director Edge.  This is part of
an ongoing effort by HSI to identify and seize illegal assets in the United
States obtained by corrupt foreign leaders who abuse our financial systems in
order to conceal the illicit proceeds of their crimes.  HSI special agents in
our 62 offices in 43 countries will continue to work with our domestic offices
and international law enforcement partners to hold these individuals
accountable.

ICE-HSI investigated the case, with assistance from the agencys attach in Hong
Kong, HSI Miami's Foreign Corruption Investigation Group and the Taiwan Supreme
Prosecutors Offices Special Investigations Division.  Trial Attorney Jennifer
Wallis and former Deputy Chief Linda Samuel of the Criminal Divisions Asset
Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section (AFMLS) prosecuted the case.  The
Criminal Divisions Office of International Affairs also provided valuable
assistance.

The Justice Departments Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative is carried out by
a dedicated team of prosecutors in AFMLS, working in partnership with federal
law enforcement agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption
and, where appropriate, return those proceeds to benefit those harmed.
Individuals with information about possible proceeds of foreign corruption
located in or laundered through institutions in the United States should contact
federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov.tr

Email links icon

.

HSIs Foreign Corruption Investigations Group targets corrupt foreign officials
around the world who attempt to utilize U.S. financial institutions to launder
illicit funds.  The group conducts investigations into the laundering of
proceeds emanating from foreign public corruption, bribery or embezzlement.  The
objective is to prevent foreign derived ill-gotten gains from entering the U.S.
financial infrastructure, to seize identified assets in the United States and
repatriate these funds on behalf of those affected. 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             393 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

Bonner denies guilt, gets early trial

BYLINE: Dave Janoski and Michael R. Sisak, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 389 words


Sep. 16--Luzerne County Housing Authority Board Chairman Gerald J. Bonner
pleaded not guilty Tuesday to passing a bribe from an authority contractor to
another board member.

Mr. Bonner, 66, appeared before U.S. Magistrate Thomas Blewitt in Scranton for
arraignment on a bribery charge that carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in
prison and a $250,000 fine.

Judge Blewitt released Mr. Bonner, who also is an elected county jury
commissioner, on his own recognizance.

Mr. Bonner, whose trial is scheduled for Nov. 23 before U.S. District Judge
Thomas I. Vanaskie, declined comment after his court appearance. His attorney,
Michael Butera, said Mr. Bonner "will be exonerated."

"I'm thrilled with the fact that we have an early trial date," Mr. Butera said.
He declined further comment.

Mr. Bonner is accused of a passing a bribe of less than $5,000 from an unnamed
businessman to another authority board member. The bribe was a reward to the
board member for supporting the businessman's efforts to secure contracts with
the authority, the grand jury charged.

While the other board member is not named in the Sept. 1 grand jury indictment,
board member William Maguire agreed last week to plead guilty to accepting a
bribe of less than $5,000 from an unnamed authority contractor. The bribe was
delivered between January and May through another board member, who was not
named in the charges filed against Mr. Maguire.

The bribe in the Bonner case was paid between January and May, the grand jury
alleged.

Mr. Bonner has been one of Luzerne County's two jury commissioners since 1998.
The commissioners, one from each major party, are paid about $10,000 per year.
Mr. Bonner, a Democrat, is seeking re-election to another four-year term and is
unopposed in the November election. The deadline for removing names from the
ballot passed in August.

Contact the writers: djanoski@citizensvoice.com, msisak@citizensvoice.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2009, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090916-YT-Bonner-denies-guilt-gets-early-trial-0916

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                                 Copyright 2009


                             394 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Former Minister Of Mines For The Republic Of Guinea Charged With
Receiving And Laundering $8.5 Million In Bribes From Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 650  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Leslie R. Caldwell, the Assistant Attorney General of the Department of
Justice's Criminal Division, and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant
Director-in-Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation ("FBI"), announced that MAHMOUD THIAM was arrested in Manhattan
this morning on money laundering charges stemming from his scheme to launder
$8.5 million in bribes that THIAM received from senior representatives of a
Chinese conglomerate.  The charges allege that THIAM used his official position
as Minister of Mines for the Republic of Guinea to facilitate the award to the
Chinese conglomerate of exclusive and highly valuable investment rights in
various sectors of the Guinean economy.  THIAM was presented today in Manhattan
federal court before Magistrate Judge James C. Francis.



 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Mahmoud Thiam, a former
high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his position to accept millions
in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered the money through New York.
Thiam, a U.S. citizen, will now face justice."

 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said: "Former Minister Thiam is
accused of enriching himself at the expense of the people of the Republic of
Guinea. We cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of
official corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay
bribes, and also the corrupt officials who receive them."

 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William Sweeney, Jr. said: "Today's action
shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to investigating all
levels of corruption. The United States will be relentless in its efforts to
uphold fair, equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use
corruption for personal gain will not be tolerated."

 According to the Complaint[1] unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:

 MAHMOUD THIAM, a United States citizen who was Minister of Mines and Geology of
the Republic of Guinea in 2009 and 2010, engaged in a scheme to accept bribes
from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate and to launder that money
into the United States and elsewhere.  In exchange for these multimillion-dollar
bribe payments, THIAM used his position as Minister of Mines to facilitate the
award to the Chinese conglomerate of exclusive and highly valuable investment
rights in a wide range of sectors of the Guinean economy, including near total
control of Guinea's significant mining sector.

 In order to receive the bribes covertly, THIAM opened a bank account in Hong
Kong (the "Hong Kong Account") and misreported his occupation to the Hong Kong
bank to conceal his status as a public official in Guinea.  Upon receiving the
bribes, THIAM transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds from the Hong
Kong Account to, among other things, THIAM's bank accounts in the United States;
a Malaysian company that facilitated and concealed THIAM's purchase of a
$3,750,000 estate in Dutchess County, New York; private preparatory schools in
Manhattan attended by THIAM's children; and at least one other West African
public official.

 To further conceal the unlawful source of the bribery proceeds that THIAM
transferred from the Hong Kong Account to banks in the United States, THIAM lied
to two banks based in Manhattan and on tax returns filed with the Internal
Revenue Service regarding the bribe payments, his position as a foreign public
official, and the source of the funds in the Hong Kong Account.  In total, THIAM
received approximately $8.5 million in bribes from the Chinese conglomerate.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             395 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Former Minister Of Mines For The Republic Of Guinea Charged With
Receiving And Laundering $8.5 Million In Bribes From Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 650  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Leslie R. Caldwell, the Assistant Attorney General of the Department of
Justice's Criminal Division, and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant
Director-in-Charge of the New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation ("FBI"), announced that MAHMOUD THIAM was arrested in Manhattan
this morning on money laundering charges stemming from his scheme to launder
$8.5 million in bribes that THIAM received from senior representatives of a
Chinese conglomerate.  The charges allege that THIAM used his official position
as Minister of Mines for the Republic of Guinea to facilitate the award to the
Chinese conglomerate of exclusive and highly valuable investment rights in
various sectors of the Guinean economy.  THIAM was presented today in Manhattan
federal court before Magistrate Judge James C. Francis.



 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Mahmoud Thiam, a former
high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his position to accept millions
in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered the money through New York.
Thiam, a U.S. citizen, will now face justice."

 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said: "Former Minister Thiam is
accused of enriching himself at the expense of the people of the Republic of
Guinea. We cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of
official corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay
bribes, and also the corrupt officials who receive them."

 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William Sweeney, Jr. said: "Today's action
shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to investigating all
levels of corruption. The United States will be relentless in its efforts to
uphold fair, equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use
corruption for personal gain will not be tolerated."

 According to the Complaint[1] unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:

 MAHMOUD THIAM, a United States citizen who was Minister of Mines and Geology of
the Republic of Guinea in 2009 and 2010, engaged in a scheme to accept bribes
from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate and to launder that money
into the United States and elsewhere.  In exchange for these multimillion-dollar
bribe payments, THIAM used his position as Minister of Mines to facilitate the
award to the Chinese conglomerate of exclusive and highly valuable investment
rights in a wide range of sectors of the Guinean economy, including near total
control of Guinea's significant mining sector.

 In order to receive the bribes covertly, THIAM opened a bank account in Hong
Kong (the "Hong Kong Account") and misreported his occupation to the Hong Kong
bank to conceal his status as a public official in Guinea.  Upon receiving the
bribes, THIAM transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds from the Hong
Kong Account to, among other things, THIAM's bank accounts in the United States;
a Malaysian company that facilitated and concealed THIAM's purchase of a
$3,750,000 estate in Dutchess County, New York; private preparatory schools in
Manhattan attended by THIAM's children; and at least one other West African
public official.

 To further conceal the unlawful source of the bribery proceeds that THIAM
transferred from the Hong Kong Account to banks in the United States, THIAM lied
to two banks based in Manhattan and on tax returns filed with the Internal
Revenue Service regarding the bribe payments, his position as a foreign public
official, and the source of the funds in the Hong Kong Account.  In total, THIAM
received approximately $8.5 million in bribes from the Chinese conglomerate.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             396 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 30, 2014 Monday

Washington: South Carolina National Guard Official Pleads Guilty to Accepting
Bribes to Award Freight Contracts to Alabama Companies

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A South Carolina National Guard official pleaded guilty today in federal court
to wire fraud and accepting bribes to steer freight contracts to an Alabama
broker, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance, FBI Special Agent in Charge
Richard D. Schwein Jr. and Frank Robey, director of the U.S. Army Criminal
Investigation Command's Major Procurement Fraud Unit.

TIMOTHY WOOTEN, 52, a traffic management specialist for the National Guard
Bureau, U.S. Property and Fiscal Office, in South Carolina, pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Madeline H. Haikala to three wire fraud counts and
one bribery count involving freight transportation contracts totaling about
$321,949. His sentencing is scheduled Oct. 15.

According to Wooten's plea agreement with the government, he overrode the
electronic system that generated a list of "Best Value Carriers" for freight
shipments so that he could manually select a company for a shipment. Between
September 2011 and January 2012, Wooten manually awarded 55 contracts to two
Tuscaloosa-area companies, identified as C.E. and U.S.T. The freight broker who
worked as an agent for both companies paid Wooten about 25 percent of his
commissions on the freight contracts in return for Wooten awarding them to his
companies. The agent received about $115,882 in commission on the 55 contracts
and paid about $29,742 in bribes to Wooten, according to the plea agreement.

The agent is identified in government documents by the initials, D.B. He
attempted to conceal the bribes to Wooten by making the payments to Wooten's
wife, who D.B. purportedly hired as a broker for one of his companies. Aside
from making a few phone calls, Wooten's wife did no work for D.B., the plea
agreement says. The payments to her "were in return for Wooten providing freight
contracts to D.B.'s companies," it says.

Wooten directed government payment to D.B.'s two companies on completed
transportation contracts by initiating wire transfers from U.S. Bank in
Minneapolis, Minn., to a bank in Tuscaloosa, according to the plea agreement.
Those payments constitute the wire fraud counts against Wooten.

Wire fraud carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and $250,000 fine.
The bribery count carries has a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a fine
of $250,000 or three times the value of the bribe.

The FBI and Army CID, MPFU, investigated the case, which Assistant U.S. Attorney
Tamarra Matthews Johnson is prosecuting.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             397 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2014 Saturday

Washington: South Carolina National Guard Official Pleads Guilty to Accepting
Bribes to Award Freight Contracts to Alabama Companies

LENGTH: 432  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A South Carolina National Guard official pleaded guilty today in federal court
to wire fraud and accepting bribes to steer freight contracts to an Alabama
broker, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance, FBI Special Agent in Charge
Richard D. Schwein Jr. and Frank Robey, director of the U.S. Army Criminal
Investigation Command's Major Procurement Fraud Unit.

TIMOTHY WOOTEN, 52, a traffic management specialist for the National Guard
Bureau, U.S. Property and Fiscal Office, in South Carolina, pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Madeline H. Haikala to three wire fraud counts and
one bribery count involving freight transportation contracts totaling about
$321,949. His sentencing is scheduled Oct. 15.

According to Wooten's plea agreement with the government, he overrode the
electronic system that generated a list of "Best Value Carriers" for freight
shipments so that he could manually select a company for a shipment. Between
September 2011 and January 2012, Wooten manually awarded 55 contracts to two
Tuscaloosa-area companies, identified as C.E. and U.S.T. The freight broker who
worked as an agent for both companies paid Wooten about 25 percent of his
commissions on the freight contracts in return for Wooten awarding them to his
companies. The agent received about $115,882 in commission on the 55 contracts
and paid about $29,742 in bribes to Wooten, according to the plea agreement.

The agent is identified in government documents by the initials, D.B. He
attempted to conceal the bribes to Wooten by making the payments to Wooten's
wife, who D.B. purportedly hired as a broker for one of his companies. Aside
from making a few phone calls, Wooten's wife did no work for D.B., the plea
agreement says. The payments to her "were in return for Wooten providing freight
contracts to D.B.'s companies," it says.

Wooten directed government payment to D.B.'s two companies on completed
transportation contracts by initiating wire transfers from U.S. Bank in
Minneapolis, Minn., to a bank in Tuscaloosa, according to the plea agreement.
Those payments constitute the wire fraud counts against Wooten.

Wire fraud carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and $250,000 fine.
The bribery count carries has a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a fine
of $250,000 or three times the value of the bribe.

The FBI and Army CID, MPFU, investigated the case, which Assistant U.S. Attorney
Tamarra Matthews Johnson is prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             398 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Sunday Times (London)

                                  May 6, 2007

US may launch BAE 'bribes' inquiry

BYLINE: David Leppard

SECTION: HOME NEWS; News; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1043 words


AMERICAN fraud investigators are studying documents that show Britain's biggest
defence firm paid hundreds of thousands of pounds in alleged bribes for
high-ranking members of the Saudi royal family to enjoy lavish holidays in the
US.

The American Department of Justice is deciding whether to mount a new
investigation into whether BAE Systems broke tough anti-corruption laws over its
role in allegedly paying bribes to retain a £ 40billion arms contract with the
Saudis. If the payments were made through American bank accounts or to American
firms they could breach American law.

Such a move by the US would be highly damaging to the British government, which
decided to halt a two-year criminal inquiry by the Serious Fraud Office (SFO)
into the Al Yamamah contract to sell fighter jets and Hawk trainers to Saudi
Arabia.

The Americans have already formally complained to Britain over the decision.

The confidential documents, seen by The Sunday Times, show details of a secret
BAE slush fund which was used to pay up to $85,000 (£ 43,000) a week to help
finance regular holidays by Prince Turki bin Nasser to Los Angeles, Las Vegas,
New York, Washington DC and Hawaii.

Turki was then head of the Royal Saudi Air Force and the senior official
responsible for buying the arms. The "bribes" included:

Tens of thousands of dollars to pay for the prince and his family while staying
at their $20m mansion in Beverly Hills; Room charges of up to $70,000 a week at
Caesars Palace, Las Vegas, where the prince was given a casino gold card;
$300,000 for flying his vintage Rolls-Royce by cargo jet from California to
Saudi Arabia.

The British government halted the SFO inquiry after the Saudis threatened to cut
diplomatic and intelligence ties with Britain and cancel orders of 72
Eurofighter Typhoon jets from BAE.

Although Saudi Arabia is a key US ally, evidence of alleged bribery of foreign
officials is taken very seriously in America. Big corporations object to losing
out on lucrative contracts to foreign rivals who may have used improper methods.

The documents appear to contradict assurances given to parliament in 2004 by Sir
Dick Evans, then BAE's chairman. He told the Commons defence select committee
that the company had given the US government a "definitive and binding
commitment" in 1999 that it was fully compliant with the US Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act. The act bars the use of American bank accounts or US companies to
bribe foreign officials to boost business.

However, scores of pages of documents show that both before and after 1999 BAE
was paying large sums of cash through the slush fund for Prince Turki to enjoy
lavish trips to America. The £ 60m slush fund was run by Travellers World, a
London-based travel agency. Its managing director, Peter Gardiner, said in a
statement: "I am not prepared to discuss details of the individual payments.

However, I can confirm that the US was a major centre for visits by the Saudi
royal family and that payments were made to them there. I can also confirm that
all the visits and payments were financed by BAE though our company."

The payments by Travellers World included "accommodation and support services"
for the prince and his family while they stayed in Beverly Hills. The 30-bedroom
mansion, nestling in a canyon on the outskirts of Los Angeles, has its own
disco, two swimming pools, a wine cellar, gym and even a walk-in cigar humidor.
The mansion also has its own private arsenal with Uzi sub-machineguns, sniper
rifles, pistols and crossbows.

Invoices seen by The Sunday Times indicate BAE paid more than $57,000 a week
through the slush fund to support the Saudi royals while they were there. One
invoice, dated July 1998 and addressed to the prince from TBN Holdings, a
security firm based at his mansion, states that Turki's son Prince Faisal wanted
to upgrade the car he was renting while the family was on holiday there.

"Prince Faisal has requested a Mercedes 500 SE instead of a town car. This will
result in an additional $2,501.40 needing to be added to the existing weekly
costs."

BAE also paid the room charges for Prince Turki's stay in a VIP suite at Caesars
Palace, the Las Vegas casino. An insider said the bill for food, drinks and
phone calls for a four or five-night stay would often come to $70,000.

The Sunday Times has obtained a copy of one of his casino gold cards used for
"gaming and charging privileges". He used it to charge for services to his room
account.

The justice department received its file last month from anti-bribery
investigators at the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development. The
file is also understood to include a reference to a payment of nearly $300,000
for air cargo costs to fly one of the prince's Rolls-Royces and some furniture
from LA to the Saudi city of Dhahran where he has one of his palaces.

Other invoices, paid by BAE through Travellers World, show payments of:

$93,000 for the hire of luxury limousines during a visit to Washington DC in
December 2001; $169,900 for a stay at the Ritz-Carlton in Washington DC in the
same month; $132,240 in September 2000 for bodyguards to protect the prince and
his family while they stayed at the Plaza hotel in New York; $127,960 paid in
cash to Turki's Los Angeles Bank of America account in September 1999; $253,194
for his stay in August 1998 at the five-star Grand Wailea hotel on the island of
Maui in Hawaii; $144,036 for a five-night stay at the Regent Beverly Wilshire
hotel in November 1994.

BAE yesterday denied breaking US or British law. However, if the Americans
launch an inquiry, it is likely they will ask the SFO for assistance. The SFO
has gathered more than 1m documents that show how the BAE slush fund was used to
pay for luxury trips around the world, accommodation and other gifts. It paid
the rent for the London home of the prince's British mistress and was even used
to buy him a copy of an original 1930s Maybach luxury limousine, which allegedly
cost BAE about £ 250,000.

The documents show that not all members of the Saudi royal family were happy
that BAE was paying their bills. Princess Abeer, Turki's daughter, insisted she
pay her own way for a week-long stay at the the Grand Wailea in Hawaii. The
cost, which she paid to the hotel directly, was $16,179.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             399 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             November 15, 2001 Thursday Illinois Five Star Edition

LOCAL BRIEFS

SECTION: METRO; Local Briefs Column; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 745 words


FAIRVIEW HEIGHTS

Committee votes to cut tourism bureau funds

The city's finance committee voted Wednesday night to eliminate the city's
annual $50,000 contribution to the Southwestern Illinois Tourism and Convention
Bureau, citing a half-hearted effort to lure visitors to the city.

The vote, which the city's aldermen are expected to ratify next month, was the
second blow in a week to the tourism bureau, which is based in Fairview Heights.

The Illinois Department of Commerce and Community Affairs notified the bureau on
Friday that it would no longer provide the $380,000 in matching funds that
account for half the bureau's annual budget.

Eight of the bureau's board members quit in August after director Mark A.
Westhoff refused to resign.

St. Clair County withdrew its support of the bureau in September citing a lack
of communications between county officials and the bureau.

CHICAGO

Official in bribe scandal starts sentence Nov. 30

The highest-ranking official convicted in the Illinois bribes-for-drivers
licenses scandal was ordered Wednesday to start serving his obstruction of
justice sentence on Nov. 30.

Dean Bauer, 73, who admitted covering up the scandal to spare Gov. George Ryan
political embarrassment, pleaded guilty Jan. 17 and was sentenced April 25 to
serve a year and a day in federal prison.

Ryan who was secretary of state at the time that most of the corruption took
place has been accused of no wrongdoing but has announced that he will not seek
a second term as governor of Illinois.

The start of Bauer's sentence was repeatedly postponed as he waged a fight
against bladder cancer and complications arising from it.

Chief defense counsel Edward Genson told U.S. District Judge Charles R. Norgle
Sr. on Wednesday that Bauer was now ready for prison.

Genson asked Norgle for an order requiring the former Kankakee police chief to
report to the federal prison at Terre Haute, Ind., on Nov. 30, which would allow
him to spend Thanksgiving with his wife.

MADISON COUNTY

Several seek to adopt abused greyhound

Several people have asked about adopting a greyhound that apparently was abused
before being found at a Madison County rest area, according to the Metro East
Humane Society.

"We've had lots of phone calls and people stopping in to see him," Susan Haddad,
operations manager at the Humane Society shelter east of Edwardsville, said
Wednesday.

The dog, called Gino by workers at the shelter, probably won't be placed in a
home with people who want the greyhound as a pet until sometime next week,
Haddad said. She said Gino was still recovering from injuries - especially some
deep sores on a leg - suffered before being found at an Interstate 55 rest area
in Madison County on Nov. 1. Gino's wounds indicate he was abused, officials
said.

EDWARDSVILLE

Health fair will help folks quit smoking

A "Stomp Out Smoking" health fair today at Southern Illinois University at
Edwardsville during the Great American Smokeout will help visitors break the
nicotine habit.

Telephones will be connected to the American Lung Association's hot line,
pharmacists will demonstrate nicotine-delivery patches and hypnotists will show
how that can help people quit smoking.

The fair, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. in the Morris University Center, is being
sponsored by the university's Wellness Center, the department of kinesiology and
health education, the Madison County Health Department and the Southwest
Illinois Coalition Against Tobacco.

Call Keely Rees at 618-650-2033 for more information.

ALTON

Council votes to raise city's hotel-motel tax

The Alton City Council voted unanimously to raise the city's hotel-motel tax
from 3 percent to 7 percent at Wednesday night's council meeting.

The council also voted unanimously to deny a special use permit to the Community
Counseling Center. The permit would have allowed the center to build a group
home at 2302 State Street in Alton. The home would have housed up to six
mentally ill people.

ST. LOUIS

Lou Brock will be grand marshal in parade

Baseball Hall of Famer and Cardinals great Lou Brock will serve as honorary
grand marshal of the Pepsi Mid-America Holiday Parade downtown on Thanksgiving
morning.

The parade will begin at 8:30 a.m. at Broadway and Spruce streets. From there,
it will travel to Market Street, then west on Market past Union Station, ending
at 20th Street.

The parade will be broadcast live from 9 to 11 a.m. on KSDK (Channel 5).

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             400 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 May 15, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Ex-Postal Official Indicted in Wedtech Bribe Case

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD D. MAY, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 15, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 649 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, May 14


A former United States Postal Service official has been charged with accepting
bribes from the Wedtech Corporation and an internal investigation is examining
the possibility that the Postal Service itself was cheated by the Bronx military
contractor, the subject of other state and Federal inquiries.

In an indictment issued by a Federal grand jury in Baltimore, Jerrydoe E. Smith,
described by a Postal Service spokesman as a $55,000-a-year ''contract
specialist,'' was accused of conspiring to commit bribery in a ''corrupt
agreement and understanding'' with Wedtech executives.

Mr. Smith has pleaded not guilty. His attorney, Robert Schulman, did not return
telephone calls to his Baltimore office this week.

Allegations on $10,000 Bribes

According to the charges against Mr. Smith, on April 26, 1985 and March 21,
1986, he accepted bribes of $10,000 each ''and other benefits'' from Wedtech
executives in return for helping the company win two contracts, one for $5.7
million and the other for $2.9 million. The contracts were to produce ''general
purpose mail containers,'' metal cages used to transport mail.

Phil Nater, a spokesman for the Postal Inspection Service, an investigative
agency, said today that Wedtech did not actually produce the containers awarded
under the contracts. Instead, he said, the company ''subcontracted out virtually
100 percent of the order.''

The implication, he added, is that Wedtech charged the Postal Service
considerably more than the market price for the containers.

Wedtech was also awarded the two contracts under a Postal Service program
designed to assist businesses owned by members of minority groups. The first
contract was awarded with no competitive bidding. The second contract was
awarded after bidding against other minority-owned businesses, Mr. Nater said.

It would appear to have been a violation of the regulations governing that
program for Wedtech to then acquire the containers from a subcontractor and to
resell them, rather than to manufacture the containers on its own, Mr. Nater
said.

The Postal Inspection Service, in cooperation with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation, has begun an investigation relating to the Wedtech contracts and
the Postal Service's procurement procedures.

In a separate development, Newsday reported today that a special prosecutor had
obtained records showing that Attorney General Edwin Meese 3d had personally
intervened to help Wedtech obtain a $32 million Army contract in 1982, while he
was White House counselor.

The newspaper said it had learned about the records from unidentified
''Congressional and investigative sources.'' It said the information was turned
over to James C. McKay, the prosecutor who is investigating links between Mr.
Meese and Wedtech.

Terry Eastland, Mr. Meese's spokesman, today dismissed the article as a
''vicious attack'' from unnamed sources.

Mr. Meese has previously acknowledged that he instructed senior aides to
intervene on behalf of Wedtech, but he said last month that he could not recall
whether he had personally helped the company.

In 1985, Mr. Meese invested about $60,000 with a financial consultant who worked
for Wedtech.

                                             ----

EX-OFFICIAL TELLS OF PRESSURE

FRESNO, Calif., May 14 (AP) - The former head of the Small Business
Administration says he was forced to resign because he ignored pressure from two
White House aides to award the $32 million Army contract to Wedtech, The Fresno
Bee reported today.

The newspaper quoted the official, Michael Cardenas, as saying that he had
testified before a Federal grand jury investigating Wedtech that his refusal
''played a very significant role in my departure.''

Mr. Cardenas identified the aides as Pierre Talenti and Henry Zuniga. Efforts to
reach them were unsuccessful.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             401 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

California: Four Plead Guilty in Million Dollar Bank Bribery Case

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the southern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Israel Hechter, the owner of San Diego-based mortgage investment firms Ocean 18,
LLC, and Note Tracker Corporation, admitted in federal court today that he paid
$1 million in bribes to bank insiders at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, GMAC Mortgage,
LLC, and National City Bank.

According to his plea agreement, in exchange for the bribes, the bankers
arranged for Hechter to win bids to purchase mortgage loans issued by the banks
and sold on the secondary market. In order to make sure that Hechter's bids won,
the bankers corrupted the process by altering bids, rejecting other bids, and
erasing or ignoring bids from qualified competitors. The bankers also rigged the
bidding by supplying Hechter with confidential information about prices and
competing bids.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Phillip L.B. Halpern noted in court today that it was
essential that the Department of Justice police the $10 trillion secondary
mortgage market to ensure that there was a level playing field for all
investors. "Individuals and corrupt bank employees who attempt to tilt this
playing field for their own advantage cannot be tolerated," he told the court.

Hechter's brother, Amir Hechter, and his business associate, Jack Prober,
pleaded guilty on Wednesday to participating in the conspiracy. Both Prober and
Amir Hechter admitted writing personal checks to the bankers in order to assist
the bankers in evading taxes on the illegal income. Israel and Amir's father,
Zeev Hechter, also admitted participating in the conspiracy. In entering his
guilty plea on Tuesday, Zeev Hechter admitted hand-delivering approximately
$330,000 in cash to GMAC banker Robert Moreno. In addition to meeting Zeev
Hechter on New York City street corners, Moreno met him at Hechter's car wash
where the conspirators "laundered" the bribes. Each time they met, Zeev Hechter
handed Moreno a bag containing tens of thousands of dollars in cash.

Moreno was arrested on July 15, 2014, for his alleged role in the conspiracy. As
alleged in his charging documents, Moreno accepted hundreds of thousands of
dollars in bribes in return for steering GMAC mortgages to Hechter's company.
After this relationship developed, Moreno allegedly used his position at the
bank to help Hechter win bids to purchase mortgages - which Hechter previously
had trouble winning. Moreno's case is pending before U.S. District Judge Roger
T. Benitez. A trial date has not been set.

According to his plea agreement, Israel Hechter and his coconspirators attempted
to cover up the bribes by pretending that they were legitimate "commissions"
unrelated to the bankers' positions with the banks, using a phony "Consulting
Agreement," a sham business and a corresponding bank account to disguise the
bribes.

Many of the mortgages at issue were non-performing or distressed second
mortgages. Israel Hechter pooled the loans and sold share of the pools to
investors, usually friends and family members including Zeev Hechter, Amir
Hechter, and Jack Prober, each of whom invested in the pools. After purchase,
Ocean 18, LLC would service the loans and collect monthly payments from the
borrowers, or would initiate foreclosure proceedings when the borrowers
defaulted. The investors made money when borrowers made payments, sold the
properties, or after foreclosure and re-sale.

The mortgages at issue were purchased on the secondary market, after the banks
had issued funds to homeowner borrowers. Secondary purchasers of mortgages
provide primary lenders with additional capital and reduced credit risk, and in
turn provide borrowers with greater access to mortgage loans. The secondary
mortgage market in the United States exceeds $10 trillion.

Each of the four guilty pleas were taken before U.S Magistrate Judge Mitchell D.
Dembin. The defendants are scheduled to be sentenced by Judge Benitez on January
5, 2015, at 9 a.m.

"People who think they can manipulate and bribe their way into the winner's
circle should take note: The integrity of our financial system is not for sale,"
said U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy. "This behavior is criminal, and there are
consequences."

"The defendants in this case knowingly engaged in a pattern of corruption by
paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to those responsible for
ensuring the integrity of financial transactions," said FBI Acting Special Agent
in Charge, Robert Howe. "Today's conviction sends a clear message that the FBI
will not allow greed and corruption to undermine our financial markets. The FBI
will continue to pursue these cases to ensure confidence and trust in our
financial markets."

"Professionals, including bankers who line their pockets with the payment of
illicit bribes, should know they will not go undetected and will be held
accountable," said IRS Criminal Investigation's Special Agent in Charge Erick
Martinez. "IRS Criminal Investigation is working hard to ensure that all forms
of income are taxed, including income from illegal sources."

The swift resolution of these bribery and tax charges was the result of
coordinated investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Federal
Housing Finance Agency - Office of Inspector General, and Internal Revenue
Service, Criminal Investigation.
DEFENDANTS PLEADING GUILTY
Israel Hechter   Age: 47  San Diego, CA
Amir Hechter  Age: 42  San Diego, CA
Jack Prober  Age: 56  La Jolla, CA
Zeev Hechter   Age: 68  Aventura, FL

CHARGES

Conspiracy to commit bank bribery and tax evasion, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §
371.
Maximum Penalties: 5 years in prison, $250,000 fine or twice the pecuniary gain
or loss resulting from the offense, $100 special assessment, restitution.

DEFENDANT FACING CHARGES
Robert Moreno  Age: 42  Tempe, AZ

CHARGES

Bank bribery, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 215
Maximum Penalties: 30 years in prison, $1,000,0000 fine or three times the value
of the bribe, $100 special assessment, restitution

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             402 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

California: Four Plead Guilty in Million Dollar Bank Bribery Case

LENGTH: 1013  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the southern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Israel Hechter, the owner of San Diego-based mortgage investment firms Ocean 18,
LLC, and Note Tracker Corporation, admitted in federal court today that he paid
$1 million in bribes to bank insiders at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, GMAC Mortgage,
LLC, and National City Bank.

According to his plea agreement, in exchange for the bribes, the bankers
arranged for Hechter to win bids to purchase mortgage loans issued by the banks
and sold on the secondary market. In order to make sure that Hechter's bids won,
the bankers corrupted the process by altering bids, rejecting other bids, and
erasing or ignoring bids from qualified competitors. The bankers also rigged the
bidding by supplying Hechter with confidential information about prices and
competing bids.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Phillip L.B. Halpern noted in court today that it was
essential that the Department of Justice police the $10 trillion secondary
mortgage market to ensure that there was a level playing field for all
investors. "Individuals and corrupt bank employees who attempt to tilt this
playing field for their own advantage cannot be tolerated," he told the court.

Hechter's brother, Amir Hechter, and his business associate, Jack Prober,
pleaded guilty on Wednesday to participating in the conspiracy. Both Prober and
Amir Hechter admitted writing personal checks to the bankers in order to assist
the bankers in evading taxes on the illegal income. Israel and Amir's father,
Zeev Hechter, also admitted participating in the conspiracy. In entering his
guilty plea on Tuesday, Zeev Hechter admitted hand-delivering approximately
$330,000 in cash to GMAC banker Robert Moreno. In addition to meeting Zeev
Hechter on New York City street corners, Moreno met him at Hechter's car wash
where the conspirators "laundered" the bribes. Each time they met, Zeev Hechter
handed Moreno a bag containing tens of thousands of dollars in cash.

Moreno was arrested on July 15, 2014, for his alleged role in the conspiracy. As
alleged in his charging documents, Moreno accepted hundreds of thousands of
dollars in bribes in return for steering GMAC mortgages to Hechter's company.
After this relationship developed, Moreno allegedly used his position at the
bank to help Hechter win bids to purchase mortgages - which Hechter previously
had trouble winning. Moreno's case is pending before U.S. District Judge Roger
T. Benitez. A trial date has not been set.

According to his plea agreement, Israel Hechter and his coconspirators attempted
to cover up the bribes by pretending that they were legitimate "commissions"
unrelated to the bankers' positions with the banks, using a phony "Consulting
Agreement," a sham business and a corresponding bank account to disguise the
bribes.

Many of the mortgages at issue were non-performing or distressed second
mortgages. Israel Hechter pooled the loans and sold share of the pools to
investors, usually friends and family members including Zeev Hechter, Amir
Hechter, and Jack Prober, each of whom invested in the pools. After purchase,
Ocean 18, LLC would service the loans and collect monthly payments from the
borrowers, or would initiate foreclosure proceedings when the borrowers
defaulted. The investors made money when borrowers made payments, sold the
properties, or after foreclosure and re-sale.

The mortgages at issue were purchased on the secondary market, after the banks
had issued funds to homeowner borrowers. Secondary purchasers of mortgages
provide primary lenders with additional capital and reduced credit risk, and in
turn provide borrowers with greater access to mortgage loans. The secondary
mortgage market in the United States exceeds $10 trillion.

Each of the four guilty pleas were taken before U.S Magistrate Judge Mitchell D.
Dembin. The defendants are scheduled to be sentenced by Judge Benitez on January
5, 2015, at 9 a.m.

"People who think they can manipulate and bribe their way into the winner's
circle should take note: The integrity of our financial system is not for sale,"
said U.S. Attorney Laura Duffy. "This behavior is criminal, and there are
consequences."

"The defendants in this case knowingly engaged in a pattern of corruption by
paying hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to those responsible for
ensuring the integrity of financial transactions," said FBI Acting Special Agent
in Charge, Robert Howe. "Today's conviction sends a clear message that the FBI
will not allow greed and corruption to undermine our financial markets. The FBI
will continue to pursue these cases to ensure confidence and trust in our
financial markets."

"Professionals, including bankers who line their pockets with the payment of
illicit bribes, should know they will not go undetected and will be held
accountable," said IRS Criminal Investigation's Special Agent in Charge Erick
Martinez. "IRS Criminal Investigation is working hard to ensure that all forms
of income are taxed, including income from illegal sources."

The swift resolution of these bribery and tax charges was the result of
coordinated investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Federal
Housing Finance Agency - Office of Inspector General, and Internal Revenue
Service, Criminal Investigation.
DEFENDANTS PLEADING GUILTY
Israel Hechter   Age: 47  San Diego, CA
Amir Hechter  Age: 42  San Diego, CA
Jack Prober  Age: 56  La Jolla, CA
Zeev Hechter   Age: 68  Aventura, FL

CHARGES

Conspiracy to commit bank bribery and tax evasion, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §
371.
Maximum Penalties: 5 years in prison, $250,000 fine or twice the pecuniary gain
or loss resulting from the offense, $100 special assessment, restitution.

DEFENDANT FACING CHARGES
Robert Moreno  Age: 42  Tempe, AZ

CHARGES

Bank bribery, in violation of 18 U.S.C. § 215
Maximum Penalties: 30 years in prison, $1,000,0000 fine or three times the value
of the bribe, $100 special assessment, restitution

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             403 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

Washington: Fannie Mae Foreclosure Specialist: Taking Bribes Is Illegal?

LENGTH: 335  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Land Title Association has issued the following news release:

A veteran Orange County foreclosure specialist at federal government-created
Fannie Mae hoped a wild defense would allow him to evade a criminal conviction
after executing a bribery plot against an Arizona real estate broker.

Armando Granillo claimed he didn't know that demanding and accepting bribes was
illegal because kickbacks were commonplace in his Irvine office.

"If there is circumstantial evidence that other people took kickbacks or bribes,
and that such behavior was tolerated, if not sanctioned, by Fannie Mae, then the
jury should decide if this circumstantial evidence shows that Mr. Granillo had
an honest belief he was not violating the law," argued the 45-year-old
defendants's public defender, David I. Wasserman.

In 2013, Granillo contacted a Tucson-based real estate broker and told the
person (whose identity is sealed) that he could assign 100 foreclosed properties
to that person's company in exchange for a secret 20 percent kickback on all
commissions earned.

On March 5 of that year, Granillo--using what he erroneously thought was an
untraceable pre-paid cell phone listed under another man's name--lured the
broker to a Starbucks parking lot on Wilshire Boulevard in Los Angeles, accepted
a package containing $11,200 in cash and immediately found himself under arrest.

The broker had been recording their conversations and wearing a body wire during
face-to-face meetings as well as working with agents with Fannie Mae's Inspector
General's office.

Unimpressed federal prosecutors dismissed Granillo's rationale for concocting
his scheme as "the everyone was doing it defense."

This month inside the Ronald Reagan Federal Courthouse in Santa Ana, a jury
convicted the Huntington Beach man of depriving Fannie Mae of "honest and
faithful services."

Granillo's lawyer asked U.S. District Court Judge David O. Carter to overturn
the jury's verdicts, but he refused.

For further information please visit: http://www.alta.org

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             404 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 23, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

3 Policemen Indicted In Casino Bribe Case

SECTION: Section B; Page 12, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 138 words


A police captain and two other members of the department have been indicted on
charges of accepting bribes from two Chinatown gambling casinos, Manhattan
prosecutors announced yesterday.

Prosecutors said the three took bribes in exchange for an agreement that the
casinos would not be raided.

The number and size of the bribes was not revealed in the indictments, which was
released by Thomas A. Duffy, a special state prosecutor who oversees
criminal-justice agencies.

The defendants were identified as Capt. Anthony Caggiano, 48 years old, a
veteran of 25 years with the department; Sgt. William Hanratty, 51, who has 27
years on the force, and Officer Louis Spadafora, 46, a veteran of 17 years.

All three pleaded not guilty at their arraignment in State Supreme Court in
Manhattan and were released without bail.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             405 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            December 18, 2015 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ARREST LIFTS LID ON BRIBERY INQUIRIES

BYLINE: PATTY RYAN, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 602 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: A Sarasota man is accused of setting up bribes for a nuclear reactor
research job.


For three years FBI agents have investigated allegations that multiple
government contractors paid bribes to U.S. Department of Energy employees for
contracts or favoritism, according to a newly unsealed criminal complaint.

The investigations, which originated in Maryland, came to light this week when a
Sarasota man accused of setting up some of the bribes landed before a federal
judge in Tampa.

Anatoly Samgorodsky, 64, is in the Pinellas County Jail on an FBI complaint that
says he and a Stamford, Conn., business partner, Eugene Ostrovsky, paid
gratuities to a DOE official to obtain a $3.4 million contract to research
nuclear reactor fuel rods.

The FBI was involved from the start. The unnamed energy official alerted
investigators to Samgorodsky's August 2014 overture to him, an offer of a
business opportunity, the affidavit reports.

Agents started recording conversations with the businessmen, some in Russian.
Samgorodsky is a naturalized U.S. citizen of Ukrainian origin. Ostrovsky, of
Russian and Ukrainian origin, is also a U.S. citizen.

The men each own 20 percent shares in Sanova, a Long Island, N.Y., metallurgical
research company headed by a third man.

Samgorodsky is charged with bribery of public officials, wire fraud, money
laundering and conspiracy to commit wire fraud.

No separate criminal complaint against Ostrovsky has been made public, but he is
named as a defendant in the FBI probable cause affidavit that accompanies the
Samgorodsky arrest warrant.

Neither man could be reached Thursday. The DOE declined to discuss ongoing
investigations and referred a reporter to its inspector general's office, which
did not respond to request for comment.

While not widely publicized, a broader inquiry had been in the works since 2012,
according to the FBI affidavit.

The energy agency's inspector general and the FBI were looking into "a series of
allegations of illegal gratuities and/or bribes paid by multiple DOE contractors
to DOE employees in exchange for the award of contracts and/or favoritism," the
record said.

At the direction of those investigators, the unnamed energy official worked with
Samgorodsky, giving him direct access to personnel in DOE's Office of Nuclear
Energy.

Samgorodsky introduced the official to Ostrovsky, who is Sanova's vice
president, and the two businessmen put on a presentation at the department
headquarters in Germantown, Md.

Afterward, the three met for dinner, the record said, and discussed how to pay
the official, whose gender is not revealed in the records. The FBI was
listening.

"You'll get rewarded," Ostrovsky said in the transcript.

They noted the perils of cash.

"I cannot, and I will not, be in Washington with a suitcase of papers,"
Ostrovsky said.

They talked of a using an intermediary. Ostrovsky suggested that the official
and the intermediary use no-contract phones for covert communications, the
record said.

Of course, nothing was covert: The energy official was cooperating with the FBI,
and the intermediary was an FBI employee.

Sanova and the Department of Energy signed the research contract in May. It
included a clause prohibiting gratuities.

Samgorodsky and Ostrovsky were each heard saying that the energy official would
be paid $70,000 or more, the record said.

In June, after the DOE began shelling out periodic payments to the company, the
intermediary began collecting payoffs, $2,500 to $10,000 at a time, the record
said.

Some were traded under restaurant tables or claimed from the trunk of a rental
car.

Times senior news researcher John Martin contributed to this report. Contact
Patty Ryan at pryan@tampabay.com or (813) 226-3382.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Anatoly Samgorodsky, 64, of Sarasota is in the Pinellas County
Jail on bribery charges.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             406 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Wayne County Chief Information Officer Sentenced to Prison
for Taking $70,000 in Bribes

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former chief information officer of the Wayne County government was
sentenced to 57 months in prison today for taking $70,000 in bribes from a
businessman who had millions of dollars in contracts with Wayne County, U.S.
Attorney Barbara L. McQuade announced today.

McQuade was joined in the announcement by FBI Special Agent in Charge Paul M.
Abbate.

During a hearing today before U.S. District Judge Stephen J. Murphy, III, Tahir
Kazmi, 49, of Rochester Hills, Michigan, was sentenced to 57 months in prison, a
$15,000 fine, and a term of supervised release based on his plea of guilty to
accepting bribes. Kazmi, a political appointee in the Wayne County government,
had accepted cash; trips to Hawaii, Turkey, and Florida; and other things of
value totaling $70,000 between 2009 and 2011 from a county IT contractor who was
overseen by Kazmi. After Kazmi learned that the FBI was investigating Wayne
County corruption, Kazmi engaged in a conspiracy with Wayne County appointee
Zayd Allebban in an effort to obstruct justice and to cover up the bribes
received by Kazmi.

Thus far in the investigation of corruption in the Wayne County government, five
men have been convicted of either corruption or obstructing the investigation.
Defendant Zayd Allebban was sentenced to 41 months in prison on September 6,
2013. Defendant David Edwards, Kazmi's Deputy Chief Information Officer was
sentenced to 12 months in prison on September 27, 2013. The other two convicted
defendants, Michael Grundy and Keith Griffin have yet to be sentenced.

United States Attorney McQuade said, "The court's sentence today sends a strong
message that public officials who use their positions of trust to personally
profit will be punished. Public officials should serve the interests of the
people, not their own interests."

"Government officials who breach the public trust for their own selfish
purposes, and in this instance conspire with others in an attempt to cover up
their criminal activity, will continue to be pursued aggressively and brought to
justice," said Paul M. Abbate, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI Detroit Field
Office. "Today's sentence sends another message that public servants are
entrusted to serve the public, not themselves."

The case was investigated by agents of the FBI. It is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys David A. Gardey and Gjon Juncaj.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             407 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             April 4, 2009 Saturday
                                  City Edition

MIAMI ;
THEFT SUSPECT IS RELEASED

SECTION: NEWS; IN BRIEF; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 235 words


A Missouri man accused of robbing the home of a Miami, OK, attorney was released
from jail after the victim could not identify him in a lineup, District Attorney
Eddie Wyant said Friday. Burglary, robbery and kidnapping charges were dismissed
against Lee Maurice Richmond, 36, of Kansas City, Mo. The home of Ron and Brenda
Stockwell was robbed by two men of cash and jewelry on March 19.

SHEILA STOGSDILL,

STATE CORRESPONDENT

OKLAHOMA CITY Man accused in bribe case

A central Oklahoma homebuilder faces charges of drug possession and trying to
bribe police. Police said Charles Corey Gaines, 37, the owner of GCF Homes, was
arrested March 11 at a southwest Oklahoma City hotel. Police said during the
arrest, Gaines offered to make a donation to whoever the officer wanted in order
to not go to jail. Gaines' attorney said the officer misunderstood and denies
his client offered a bribe.

ASSOCIATED PRESS

TULSA Officials seek death details

Tulsa Fire Department officials said a Tulsa hospital isn't providing
information on people who die of fire-related injuries. Two people have died in
the past week at Hillcrest Medical Center of injuries suffered in suspected meth
lab fires. Capt. Michael Baker said he was told the hospital could provide no
information.  In a statement, Hillcrest said information is released according
to law and sometimes is withheld at the request of patients or family.

ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             408 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 8, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

Topics ;
Payoffs

SECTION: Section A; Page 30, Column 1; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 262 words


Corruption Culture

Low salaries and lax supervision breed bribe-taking by New York City inspectors
the way an old kitchen breeds roaches. And after years of being tolerated, the
corruption may be just as hard to eliminate. But that's the most important
reason to try.

There are about 2,000 inspectors working in the city who monitor compliance with
codes for electrical and plumbing work, health and safety, food, housing and
other areas. Attempting to bribe them has become a widely accepted part of the
city's commercial culture.

State courts and prosecutors are too busy with drug crimes and street crimes to
worry about small bribes. But Patrick McGinley, the City Investigation
Commissioner, and Rudolph Giuliani, the United States Attorney for the Southern
District, didn't want to shrug it off that easily. They decided to mount
Abscam-style ''sting'' operations and prosecute the offenders in the
less-pressured Federal courts. Two such operations, focusing on electrical
inspectors and sewer workers, have already produced convictions. More are likely
soon.  The investigations also revealed the appalling extent of the problem.
''Every time an opportunity was there, inspectors took,'' says Mr. Giuliani.
''The dramatic fact is that no one ever turned us down.'' Fighting corruption
shouldn't have to begin with law enforcement but with tougher supervision by
agency managers. The investigations and prosecutions make a welcome statement
about public intolerance for bribe-taking. How will the bribe- takers' bosses
now react to that challenge?

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Editorial

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             409 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Former Minister Of Mines For The Republic Of Guinea Charged With Receiving And
Laundering $8.5 Million In Bribes From Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Leslie R.
Caldwell, the Assistant Attorney General of the Department of Justice's Criminal
Division, and William F. Sweeney Jr., the Assistant Director-in-Charge of the
New York Field Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), announced
that MAHMOUD THIAM was arrested in Manhattan this morning on money laundering
charges stemming from his scheme to launder $8.5 million in bribes that THIAM
received from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate.  The charges
allege that THIAM used his official position as Minister of Mines for the
Republic of Guinea to facilitate the award to the Chinese conglomerate of
exclusive and highly valuable investment rights in various sectors of the
Guinean economy.  THIAM was presented today in Manhattan federal court before
Magistrate Judge James C. Francis.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Mahmoud Thiam, a former
high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his position to accept millions
in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered the money through New York.
Thiam, a U.S. citizen, will now face justice."



 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell said: "Former Minister Thiam is
accused of enriching himself at the expense of the people of the Republic of
Guinea. We cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of
official corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay
bribes, and also the corrupt officials who receive them."



 FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge William Sweeney, Jr. said: "Today's action
shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to investigating all
levels of corruption. The United States will be relentless in its efforts to
uphold fair, equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use
corruption for personal gain will not be tolerated."



 According to the Complaint[1] unsealed today in Manhattan federal court:



 MAHMOUD THIAM, a United States citizen who was Minister of Mines and Geology of
the Republic of Guinea in 2009 and 2010, engaged in a scheme to accept bribes
from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate and to launder that money
into the United States and elsewhere.  In exchange for these multimillion-dollar
bribe payments, THIAM used his position as Minister of Mines to facilitate the
award to the Chinese conglomerate of exclusive and highly valuable investment
rights in a wide range of sectors of the Guinean economy, including near total
control of Guinea's significant mining sector.



 In order to receive the bribes covertly, THIAM opened a bank account in Hong
Kong (the "Hong Kong Account") and misreported his occupation to the Hong Kong
bank to conceal his status as a public official in Guinea.  Upon receiving the
bribes, THIAM transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds from the Hong
Kong Account to, among other things, THIAM's bank accounts in the United States;
a Malaysian company that facilitated and concealed THIAM's purchase of a
$3,750,000 estate in Dutchess County, New York; private preparatory schools in
Manhattan attended by THIAM's children; and at least one other West African
public official.



 To further conceal the unlawful source of the bribery proceeds that THIAM
transferred from the Hong Kong Account to banks in the United States, THIAM lied
to two banks based in Manhattan and on tax returns filed with the Internal
Revenue Service regarding the bribe payments, his position as a foreign public
official, and the source of the funds in the Hong Kong Account.  In total, THIAM
received approximately $8.5 million in bribes from the Chinese conglomerate.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             410 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Former President Of The Nicaraguan Soccer Federation And FIFA
Development Officer Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Julio Rocha pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy in connection with his receipt
of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media and marketing
rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches.  Rocha, the president of the
Nicaraguan soccer federation (FENIFUT) from 1998 to 2012, was the FIFA
development officer for Central America and the Spanish-speaking Caribbean at
the time of his arrest in Zurich, Switzerland on May 27, 2015.  As part of his
plea, Rocha also agreed to forfeit over $292,000.  At sentencing, Rocha faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Pamela K. Chen.



 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.

 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
Rocha negotiated and accepted bribes totaling over $150,000 in exchange for
exercising his influence as the president of FENIFUT to award a Florida sports
marketing company named Traffic Sports USA, Inc. (Traffic) a contract for the
media and marketing rights to the Nicaraguan national soccer team's home World
Cup qualifier matches for multiple editions of the World Cup, including the 2014
and 2018 editions.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank accounts, often
through intermediaries, to accounts Rocha controlled.  After he stepped down as
president of FENIFUT and was employed by FIFA as a development officer, Rocha
attempted to facilitate Traffic's negotiations with a high-ranking FENIFUT
official for the rights to Nicaragua's World Cup qualifier matches for the 2022
edition of the World Cup in an effort to receive for himself a portion of any
bribe money paid for those rights.

 In addition, Rocha used his position as FENIFUT president to further enrich
himself through other schemes, including one in which he took kickbacks from a
Miami company that he had contracted with on behalf of FENIFUT for the purpose
of obtaining assistance in securing corporate sponsorships for the federation.

 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.

 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Paul Tuchmann, Keith D. Edelman, and
Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New York are in charge of today's
prosecution.

 The government's investigation is ongoing.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             411 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Former President Of The Nicaraguan Soccer Federation And FIFA
Development Officer Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 560  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Julio Rocha pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy in connection with his receipt
of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media and marketing
rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches.  Rocha, the president of the
Nicaraguan soccer federation (FENIFUT) from 1998 to 2012, was the FIFA
development officer for Central America and the Spanish-speaking Caribbean at
the time of his arrest in Zurich, Switzerland on May 27, 2015.  As part of his
plea, Rocha also agreed to forfeit over $292,000.  At sentencing, Rocha faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Pamela K. Chen.



 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.

 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
Rocha negotiated and accepted bribes totaling over $150,000 in exchange for
exercising his influence as the president of FENIFUT to award a Florida sports
marketing company named Traffic Sports USA, Inc. (Traffic) a contract for the
media and marketing rights to the Nicaraguan national soccer team's home World
Cup qualifier matches for multiple editions of the World Cup, including the 2014
and 2018 editions.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank accounts, often
through intermediaries, to accounts Rocha controlled.  After he stepped down as
president of FENIFUT and was employed by FIFA as a development officer, Rocha
attempted to facilitate Traffic's negotiations with a high-ranking FENIFUT
official for the rights to Nicaragua's World Cup qualifier matches for the 2022
edition of the World Cup in an effort to receive for himself a portion of any
bribe money paid for those rights.

 In addition, Rocha used his position as FENIFUT president to further enrich
himself through other schemes, including one in which he took kickbacks from a
Miami company that he had contracted with on behalf of FENIFUT for the purpose
of obtaining assistance in securing corporate sponsorships for the federation.

 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.

 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Paul Tuchmann, Keith D. Edelman, and
Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New York are in charge of today's
prosecution.

 The government's investigation is ongoing.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             412 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                              May 29, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Property empires 'buiit on bribes';
More than a dozen sprawling mansions and beachside apartments were funded by
Fifa corruption, say US prosecutors

BYLINE: Edward Malnick; David Lawler; Peter Foster

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 570 words


THE officials and company executives caught up in the corruption investigation
into Fifa built illicit property empires that included sites ranging from a
palatialstyle estate in Georgia to a luxury apartment overlooking Biscayne Bay
in Miami, prosecutors claim.

More than a dozen homes, many registered to offshore companies, are alleged by
US authorities to have been either obtained illegally or bought using illicit
funds. In one case a senior Fifa official is said to have obtained property in
the US using a bribe transferred to him specifi-cally for that purpose.

The properties include a six-bedroom detached house in Loganville, Georgia,
owned by Jeffrey Webb, the Fifa vicepresident and president of the Confederation
of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (Concacaf).

The home, worth an estimated $940,000 (£613,000), was built in 2007 in a
palatial style, with ornate pillars, large balconies and a sweeping exterior
staircase. It includes a pool which prosecutors allege was funded with bribe
money. Another of Mr Webb's properties is held by Kosson Properties Limited, a
firm believed to have been set up by Costas Takkas, a British official who acted
as his attaché as Concacaf president.

An indictment filed in the US alleges that the funds for the property came from
a bribe paid by Traffic Sports USA, a sports marketing company seeking lucrative
commercial rights contracts with Fifa. The money was allegedly wired to Mr
Takkas, who transferred a portion to an account in his name in Miami, before
transferring funds to a swimming pool builder in Georgia, where Mr Webb was
installing a pool at his Loganville home.

"Takkas transferred another portion of the funds directly from his Kosson
Ventures account at Fidelity Bank in the Cayman Islands to SunTrust Bank in
Georgia for Webb's benefit in connection with Webb's purchase of other real
estate in Stone Mountain, Georgia," the indictment states. The indictment names
two properties in Stone Mountain, both of which are registered in the name of
Kosson Properties.

One, worth an estimated $142,000, is a large four-bedroom home spanning 2,846 sq
ft, while the other is a three-bedroom property about five miles away.

The properties identified by the US authorities also include a flat worth an
estimated $1.57million overlooking Biscayne Bay. It is owned by Aaron Davidson,
44, the president of Traffic Sports, who is one of four sports marketing
executives charged by US prosecutors.

The properties named in the indictment also include three Florida homes that The
Daily Telegraph has linked to Rafael Esquivel, 68, the president of the
Venezuelan football federation.

They are collectively worth an estimated $483,000.

Separately, Eduardo Li, 56, a Fifa executive committee member from Costa Rica
also arrested in Zurich, owns a home in Aventura, Florida, bought for $545,000
in 2007, as well as a property in one of the most expensive areas of his home
country.

One of the largest property empires, however, appears to have been built by Jack
Warner, the former Fifa vice-president, and his family. Like Mr Li's properties,
though, these do not appear to be listed in the indictment as specifically
funded by bribes and therefore vulnerable to seizure.

Mr Warner, 72, who lives in a large detached house in Trinidad, is accused of
receiving $10million in bribes. Between them his two sons own at least a dozen
properties, mainly in Miami.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LEE KLUGER; PAUL GROVER/EPA/SPLASH NEWSClockwise from top: Jeffrey
Webb's Georgia estate and the pool allegedly funded by bribes; Sepp Blatter
yesterday; Miami block where Aaron Davidson has a flat; Jack Warner yesterday,
his Trinidad home; Fifa congress

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             413 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 16, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
Ferguson-Mercer Trial Set Amid Sparring Over Jury

BYLINE: By GERALD ESKENAZI

SECTION: Section B;  Page 14;  Column 5;  Sports Desk

LENGTH: 379 words


The trial of Ray Mercer, who is charged with attempting to bribe Jesse Ferguson
to throw their heavyweight bout at Madison Square Garden last year, finally gets
under way today in State Supreme Court in Manhattan. But not before some
preliminary sparring yesterday in which the judge repeatedly chided the
prosecution for allegedly trying to exclude jurors because of their race.

Justice Jeffrey M. Atlas turned down virtually all of Assistant District
Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf's challenges to black jurors. At one point, his voice
rising, the judge told her, "I'm sure they were not racially motivated, but they
were racial." Both Mercer and Ferguson are black.

After the final five jurors were chosen yesterday -- three blacks and two whites
-- there were 5 blacks on the 12-member jury. Seven of the jury members are
women and most of the jurors say they know nothing about boxing and have never
seen either fighter.

Sound-Enhanced Tape Available

Mercer is charged with offering Ferguson a $100,000 bribe in the ring during
their bout on Feb. 6, 1993, a Class D felony which carries a maximum prison term
of up to seven years. The prosecution has a sound-enhanced tape of the fight,
which it will contend clearly indicates Mercer making several bribe offers.

Mercer, 31 at the time and one of the world's top-ranked heavyweights, was out
of shape. But he had been offered a title shot against Riddick Bowe, worth at
least $1.5 million, if he were to defeat Ferguson.

However, he failed to take Ferguson seriously and never mounted an attack during
their bout. His bribe offers reportedly began in the third round of a fight that
the 35-year-old Ferguson, a former sparring partner of Mercer, won by unanimous
decision.

Ferguson in London for Bout

Ferguson has testified to the bribe at a grand jury hearing, although he denied
such an offer in a television interview when rumors surfaced some weeks later.
He will not be available to testify in court until next week. He is in London,
where he fights Frank Bruno tonight.

Many in the boxing community are willing to look at any conversations between
the fighters as standard "trash talk." This was a point one of the defense
lawyers, Dominick Amorosa, attempted to get across to the jurors.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             414 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

Morning Briefing

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 587 words


FIFA AIMS TO CLAIM "TENS OF MILLIONS" OF BRIBE MONEY

GENEVA While acknowledging for the first time that votes were bought in past
World Cup hosting contests, FIFA seeks to claim "tens of millions of dollars" in
bribe money seized by U.S. federal prosecutors.

FIFA submitted a 22 page claim to the U.S. Attorney's Office in New York late
Tuesday night that seeks a big share in restitution from more than $190 million
already forfeited by soccer and marketing officials who pleaded guilty in the
sprawling corruption case.

Tens of millions of dollars more is likely to be collected by U.S. authorities
when sentences are handed down, and from dozens of officials currently indicted
but who have denied bribery charges or are fighting extradition.

FIFA claims it is the victim of corrupt individuals, despite widespread
criticism that bribe taking was embedded in its culture in the presidencies of
Joao Havelange and Sepp Blatter, who was forced from office after 17 years by
the current scandal.

Putin: Step up anti doping effort MOSCOW Russian President Vladimir Putin wants
government officials to step up the country's efforts against doping in sports.

Putin's comments in a cabinet meeting came as Russia reels from revelations that
athletes, including tennis star Maria Sharapova, tested positive for the
substance meldonium, which increases blood flow and was banned by the World Anti
Doping Agency on Jan. 1.

The spate of positives follow the decision in November to suspend Russia's track
and field athletes from international competition after a WADA panel detailed
systematic corruption and doping cover ups in the country.

Browns release LB Dansby CLEVELAND The Cleveland Browns released veteran
linebacker Karlos Dansby, their leading tackler last season.

Dansby's departure came just a few hours after Cleveland signed inside
linebacker Demario Davis, the club's first notable addition in free agency.

The Browns also released wide receiver Dwayne Bowe.

* The New York Jets signed free agent defensive lineman Jarvis Jenkins and nose
tackle Steve McLendon.

The deals help the Jets make up for losing nose tackle Damon Harrison to the
Giants in free agency.

* Former Pittsburgh Steelers left offensive tackle Kelvin Beachum signed a two
year contract with the Jacksonville Jaguars.

Beachum's addition gives the Jaguars a viable starting option to challenge Luke
Joeckel.

* The Minnesota Vikings re signed backup running back Matt Asiata.

* North Dakota State quarterback Carson Wentz, considered one of the top
prospects in the upcoming NFL draft at his position, will have his pro day March
24 in Fargo.

DU lacrosse's Ready honored. Goaltender Alex Ready of the University of Denver
men's lacrosse team was named the USILA/Lids Team Sports Division I national
defensive player of the week after a season high 14 saves in a 9 8 overtime
victory over Notre Dame on Sunday.

Ready's performance against the Fighting Irish kept the Pioneers (6 0) No. 1 in
both major college lacrosse polls and earned him the honor as the Big East
defensive player of the week.

* The Pioneers' home game against Ohio State on Saturday is sold out, the DU
ticket office said. The game with the Buckeyes is a rematch of last year's
quarterfinal game and will be televised live on Fox College Sports at 1 p.m.

Footnote. Rafael Nadal rallied from a set down and fought off a match point in
the third set to beat Alexander Zverev 6 7 (8), 6 0, 7 5 and reach the
quarterfinals of the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, Calif. Denver Post staff
and wire services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             415 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Corrections Officer Sentenced to 18 Months in Prison for Accepting Cash
Bribes

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

TRENTON, NJ--An Essex County corrections officer was sentenced today to 18
months in prison for his involvement in a scheme to smuggle marijuana, cell
phones and tobacco into the Essex County Correctional Facility, a federal
pretrial detention facility, in exchange for cash bribe payments, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Stephon Solomon, 27, of Irvington, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of conspiring to commit extortion under color of
official right. Judge Cooper imposed the sentence today in Trenton federal
court.

According to the documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

On multiple occasions between October 2013 and May 2014, Solomon, a corrections
officer at the Essex County Correctional Facility, smuggled contraband -
including cell phones, tobacco, and marijuana - to Quasim Nichols, 29, a federal
pretrial detainee, in exchange for cash bribes. Darsell Davis, 29, and Dwayne
Harper, 30, friends of Nichols, aided in the smuggling scheme by collecting the
contraband to be smuggled into the facility. Solomon received the contraband and
cash bribes from Davis and then smuggled the contraband to Nichols, who
ultimately sold some of the marijuana and cell phones to other inmates. The
inmates purchasing marijuana and cell phones from Nichols had their friends and
family pay for the items by sending Western Union money transfers to Nichols,
who enlisted Davis and others to retrieve those payments for him.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Cooper sentenced Solomon to three years of
supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and investigators with the
Internal Affairs Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the
leadership of Warden Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to today's
sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in New Jersey.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             416 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

Oklahoma: FORMER MEDICAL TECHNICIAN CHARGED WITH ACCEPTING BRIBES IN EXCHANGE
FOR FALSIFYING URINALYSIS DRUG TESTS

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Oklahoma City


United States Attorney's Office for the northern District of Oklahoma has issued
the following press release:

A former medical technician was charged in U.S. District Court Tuesday for
accepting bribes in exchange for fraudulently submitting urine specimens for
drug analysis, announced United States Attorney Danny C. Williams Sr. for the
Northern District of Oklahoma.

William Ray Allen, 33, of Tulsa, was charged with four counts of honest services
mail fraud and three counts of accepting a bribe. According to the Indictment
returned by the Federal Grand Jury, Allen was employed as a medical technician
at 12 & 12, Incorporated, a drug treatment facility contracted by the U.S.
Probation Office to provide drug testing and treatment services to persons under
supervision by order of the U.S. District Court, and was responsible for
collecting urine specimens for random urinalysis drug testing.

The Indictment alleges that from July of 2011 to August of 2014: Allen provided
prior notification to those who had been selected for random drug testing;
substituted his own urine or the urine of others for drug testing instead of
collecting and submitting urine samples from the persons subject to Court
ordered random drug testing; and, submitted falsified certifications with the
substituted urine submitted for analysis. The Grand Jury charged that, as part
of the mail fraud, Allen knowingly shipped the fraudulently substituted urine
specimens via Federal Express to the U.S. Probation Drug Laboratory in
Albuquerque, New Mexico. According to the Indictment, the bribes Allen accepted
was the money he received in exchange for the fraudulent submission of false
urine specimens for drug analysis.

If convicted, the defendant could be sentenced up to 20 years imprisonment and a
$250,000 fine on each count of honest services mail fraud; and, not more than 15
years imprisonment and a $250,000 fine for each bribery count.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation is the investigating agency and Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joel-lyn A. McCormick is prosecuting on behalf of the United
States.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             417 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                August 18, 1998, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

EX-SPEAKER GRIFFIN FAILS IN HIS BID FOR A REDUCED SENTENCE

BYLINE: Tim Bryant; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A5

LENGTH: 535 words


To former Missouri House Speaker Bob Griffin, the $ 5,000 he got from a
political consultant was a gratuity. A federal trial judge said it was a bribe.

An federal appeals panel agrees with the judge.

A three-judge panel of the 8th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals here ruled Monday
that Griffin is not entitled to a reduction of his four-year prison sentence.

Griffin, 62, a Democrat who served as House speaker for a record 15 years,
resigned in 1996 and last year pleaded guilty to a single bribery charge and of
mail fraud.

Was the money he got from political consultant Cathryn Simmons a bribe or a
gratuity? The distinction is crucial to the length of Griffin's sentence, his
laywers argued.

U.S. District Judge Dean Whipple, who sentenced Griffin in December in Kansas
City, ruled that the money was a bribe. Whipple sentenced Griffin to four years
in prison and fined him $ 7,500.

Griffin is serving his time at the minimum-security federal prison at Eglin Air
Force Base, Fla.

In June, lawyers for Griffin argued before the 8th Circuit that the money was a
gratuity, not a bribe, because Griffin got the money after he urged construction
industry leaders to hire Simmons as a lobbyist for the motor-fuel tax increase
bill in the Missouri House in 1992.

Simmons got the job and was paid $ 264,000 for her lobbying work. After the tax
passed, in February 1994, Simmons gave Griffin two checks for $ 5,000 each,
according to a federal indictment.

The courts consider the money a bribe, so federal sentencing guidelines call for
a prison term of as long as 57 months in Griffin's case. But if the payment was
ruled a gratuity, he could have gotten no more than 41 months.

The 8th Circuit panel sided with Whipple, who sentenced Griffin under a federal
law that considers the payment a bribe.

The panel wrote: "The core difference between a bribe and a gratuity is not the
time the illegal payment is made but the quid pro quo, or the agreement to
exchange cash for official action.

"In Griffin's case, the facts are clear: Griffin and Simmons agreed that he
would be paid by Simmons for using his influence as speaker of the House to
steer business her way," the court said.

A federal jury in Kansas City found Simmons guilty last year but acquitted
Griffin of three charges and was unable to reach agreement on six others.

Shortly before jury selection would have begun in his retrial last August,
Griffin agreed to plead guilty to a single bribery count involving one of the
checks from Simmons.

In a separate ruling Monday, the 8th Circuit panel upheld Simmons' 50-month
federal prison sentence. A jury had found the 51-year-old Kansas City consultant
guilty of paying Griffin $ 51,000 in bribes.

That jury also found Michael Fisher, formerly president of the Greater Kansas
City AFL-CIO, guilty of bribery and other charges. Whipple gave Fisher a lighter
sentence of three years and three months, plus a $ 5,000 fine, because Fisher
had agreed to cooperate with the government in its case against Griffin.

The appeals court upheld Whipple's order for Simmons and Fisher to forfeit $
366,000, including the $ 264,000 Simmons got for her work on the fuel tax.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             418 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 12, 2016 Tuesday

Former High-Ranking FIFA And CONCACAF Official Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And
Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 606  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Alfredo Hawit, a former FIFA vice
president and executive committee member, the former president of CONCACAF, and
the former president and general secretary of the Honduran soccer federation
(FENAFUTH), pleaded guilty to one count of racketeering conspiracy, two counts
of wire fraud conspiracy, and one count of conspiracy to obstruct justice in
connection with his receipt of bribes in exchange for the awarding of contracts
for the media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments and FIFA World Cup
qualifier matches.  Hawit, who served in high-ranking positions in soccer from
1998 to 2015, also agreed to forfeit $950,000.  At sentencing, Hawit faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Raymond J. Dearie.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; Diego G. Rodriguez, Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, in
approximately 2011 and 2012, Hawit negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands
of dollars in bribes in exchange for his agreement to exercise his influence as
acting president of CONCACAF to award an Argentine sports marketing company the
media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments, including the Gold Cup and
the CONCACAF Champions League.  Starting in approximately 2008, Hawit also
negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes in exchange
for his agreement to exercise his influence as the FENAFUTH general secretary to
award contracts to Media World, a Florida sports marketing company, for the
media and marketing rights to the Honduran national soccer team's home World Cup
qualifier matches for the 2014, 2018, and 2022 editions of the World Cup.  Over
a period of years, Media World transmitted these bribes from its U.S. bank
accounts, through an intermediary, to foreign bank accounts controlled by the
defendant's family members and by a co-conspirator.  In addition, after the
original indictment in this case was unsealed on May 27, 2015, Hawit engaged in
a conspiracy to obstruct justice, and to tamper with witnesses and evidence, by
advising a co-conspirator to create sham contracts in order to mask bribe
payments already paid and, if asked, deceive law enforcement officers about the
true nature and purpose of bribe payments.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             419 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 11, 2016 Monday

Former High-Ranking FIFA And CONCACAF Official Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And
Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 606  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Alfredo Hawit, a former FIFA vice
president and executive committee member, the former president of CONCACAF, and
the former president and general secretary of the Honduran soccer federation
(FENAFUTH), pleaded guilty to one count of racketeering conspiracy, two counts
of wire fraud conspiracy, and one count of conspiracy to obstruct justice in
connection with his receipt of bribes in exchange for the awarding of contracts
for the media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments and FIFA World Cup
qualifier matches.  Hawit, who served in high-ranking positions in soccer from
1998 to 2015, also agreed to forfeit $950,000.  At sentencing, Hawit faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Raymond J. Dearie.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; Diego G. Rodriguez, Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding, in
approximately 2011 and 2012, Hawit negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands
of dollars in bribes in exchange for his agreement to exercise his influence as
acting president of CONCACAF to award an Argentine sports marketing company the
media and marketing rights to CONCACAF tournaments, including the Gold Cup and
the CONCACAF Champions League.  Starting in approximately 2008, Hawit also
negotiated and accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes in exchange
for his agreement to exercise his influence as the FENAFUTH general secretary to
award contracts to Media World, a Florida sports marketing company, for the
media and marketing rights to the Honduran national soccer team's home World Cup
qualifier matches for the 2014, 2018, and 2022 editions of the World Cup.  Over
a period of years, Media World transmitted these bribes from its U.S. bank
accounts, through an intermediary, to foreign bank accounts controlled by the
defendant's family members and by a co-conspirator.  In addition, after the
original indictment in this case was unsealed on May 27, 2015, Hawit engaged in
a conspiracy to obstruct justice, and to tamper with witnesses and evidence, by
advising a co-conspirator to create sham contracts in order to mask bribe
payments already paid and, if asked, deceive law enforcement officers about the
true nature and purpose of bribe payments.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Amanda Hector, Paul Tuchmann, Nadia
Shihata, Keith D. Edelman, and Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New
York are in charge of today's prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             420 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          February 24, 2016 Wednesday

Contractor Sentenced to 19 Months in Prison for Attempting to Bribe West New
York, New Jersey, Official to Eliminate More Than $8.7 Million in Fire Code
Violations

LENGTH: 344  words


NEWARK, N.J.  A West New York, New Jersey, man was sentenced today to 19 months
in prison for paying cash bribes to a West New York fire official to eliminate
millions of dollars in outstanding fines and penalties on buildings with fire
code violations, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Victor Coca, 50, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Esther
Salas to Count One and Count Two of an indictment charging him with paying
bribes to a local government employee. Judge Salas imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Coca was the owner and president of a general contracting company in West New
York. Two buildings in West New York had outstanding fines for fire code
violations. The first building, located on Bergenline Avenue and owned by a
friend of his, had approximately $14,500 in fines and penalties for outstanding
fire code violations. Coca agreed to pay a fire official for the West New York
Bureau of Fire Prevention, a witness who was voluntarily cooperating with
federal authorities, a $2,000 cash bribe to eliminate the outstanding fire code
fines and penalties. On March 27, 2014, Coca handed the fire official a $2,000
cash bribe.

The second building, located on Hudson Avenue and partly-owned by Coca, had more
than $8.7 million in fines and penalties for outstanding fire code violations.
Coca paid a $5,000 cash bribe to the fire official in return for the fire
official purportedly reducing the amount due to the West New York Bureau of Fire
Prevention to the initial fine amount of $5,000.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Salas sentenced Coca to two years of
supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Andrew Campi in Newark, with the investigation
leading to todays sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorneys Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark. 2016 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             421 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             March 15, 2016 Tuesday

Those offering bribes should also pay the penalty

LENGTH: 296  words


THE ANNUAL WORK REPORT OF the Supreme People's Court said that 54,249 officials
at all levels were investigated for duty-related offenses last year, including
8,217 who were accused of taking bribes, of whom 2,495 were punished. Beijing
Times commented on Monday:

China's criminal law tends to impose harsher punishments on officials who take
bribes than those who offer the bribes. According to statistics, only about 20
percent of bribery cases involved the persons who offered bribes.

To some extent, keeping a tighter rein on the bribe-takers can expedite the
country's anti-graft campaign, but allowing some who have given bribes to walk
away with impunity deals a heavy blow to the spirit of the law in the long run.

That explains why the ninth amendment to the Criminal Law, which took effect on
Nov 1, only exempts or alleviates the punishments for those guilty of offering
bribes for minor offenses who play a key role in solving a major criminal case.
The harsher exemption criteria indicate the country is strengthening its
judicial efforts to fight corruption.

Of course, that less than 2,500 people who gave bribes received their due
punishments does not guarantee that justice has been done in all cases involving
bribery. The Chinese justice system tried 34,000 cases of corruption in 2015,
involving 49,000 suspects (including some former high-ranking officials), with a
considerable number of them being convicted of taking bribes, meaning that there
are still a lot of people who offered bribes still at large.

It is fair to say, though, that punishing more than 2,000 people for giving
bribes is a promising start for China's promotion of anti-corruption mechanism,
in which all parties involved in bribery are held accountable.

(China Daily USA 03/15/2016 page11)

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             422 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             423 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             424 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             425 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             426 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

Hollywood sting snared State Sen. Ron Calderon, U.S. attorney says

BYLINE: Dakota Smith

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 553 words


State Sen. Ron Calderon s lucky streak ended in Las Vegas.

For months, the Montebello Democrat quietly had taken bribes from a Hollywood
studio owner, federal officials allege. Calderon also received free tickets to a
Lady Gaga concert and scored a VIP table at a Nelly show, courtesy of the studio
owner, court documents show.

But the high-roller lifestyle came to an end in May when Calderon walked into
the Bellagio Hotel, believing he was meeting his studio friends, new court
documents allege.

Instead, he was confronted by FBI agents.

Court documents filed Friday offer a new timeline of the case against Calderon,
who is charged with accepting nearly $70,000 in bribes from undercover agents
posing as studio executives.

The court documents, filed in a case involving a leaked affidavit, came on the
same day Calderon was charged with 24 counts of fraud, money laundering, bribery
and other charges.

His brother, Tom Calderon, a former assemblyman, was charged with conspiracy to
commit money laundering and money laundering.

In an investigation that stretched from Long Beach to Sacramento, Ron Calderon
is facing 395 years in prison if he is convicted of taking bribes both from the
undercover agent and a hospital executive.

Ron Calderon s attorney, Mark Geragos, didn t return a phone call Friday. He has
previously said his client is innocent.

In the case of the Hollywood bribes, Calderon is charged with taking money from
the studio executive in return for promises to changes the state s film tax
laws.

Speaking to reporters Friday, U.S. Attorney André Birotte Jr. said Calderon
lobbied his colleagues in Sacramento to expand the state s $100 million a year
film tax credit program so smaller productions could apply for the subsidies.

Such a change would be a  financial boon for small, independent studios,
Birotte said.

The undercover agent, who is believed to have gone by the name Rocky Patel,
worked at production company in a nondescript building in downtown Los Angeles.

Earlier court documents state the agent and Calderon frequently met for dinners
and lunches to talk about changing the film tax credit program. The pair also
met at Patel s downtown Los Angeles apartment.

Birotte said Friday the undercover agent agreed to hire Calderon s daughter,
paying her $40,000. In reality, the daughter didn t actually do work for the
studio.

Another $5,000 went to pay for Calderon s son s tuition. And another $25,000
went to a political group controlled by Calderon and his brother Tom, Birotte
said.

Birotte also said Calderon agreed to hire the purported girlfriend of the
undercover agent, giving her a position in Sacramento.

In May 2013, Calderon went to Las Vegas to meet his studio friends.

After the senator entered the Bellagio, he was met by federal agents,  who
explained to Calderon that they worked for the FBI s Public Corruption Squad and
had been investigating him for quite some time,  court documents state.

The FBI agents continued to meet with Calderon over the course of several days.
Calderon told the agents he was willing to wear a wire, and subsequently went on
to record conversations with two, unnamed officials, documents state.

About a month later, the FBI conducted a high-profile raid of the senator s
Sacramento office.

Birotte told reporters Calderon was expected to surrender on Monday.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             427 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Kentucky: New Jersey Pipe Supply Company Owner Sentenced to 32 Months in Prison
for Role in Fraud and Bribery Conspiracy in Power Generation Industry

LENGTH: 476  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 A New Jersey industrial pipe supply company and its owner were sentenced today
for conspiring to commit fraud and pay bribes to a purchasing manager at
Consolidated Edison of New York in return for the manager's efforts to steer
contracts to the company, the Department of Justice announced.





 Andrew Martingano, of Staten Island, New York, was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Deborah A. Batts of the Southern District of New York to 32 months and a
day in prison.  American Pipe Bending and Fabrication Co. Inc. of Edison, New
Jersey, was sentenced to pay a $150,000 criminal fine.  Martingano and American
Pipe were also sentenced to pay over $1.6 million in restitution, jointly and
severally with their co-conspirators, to the victim, Con Ed.  The company and
its owner pleaded guilty to committing wire fraud and conspiring to defraud Con
Ed on Aug. 15, 2012.



 According to court documents, Martingano and others agreed to pay approximately
$510,000 in cash bribes to James M. Woodason, a department manager of the
purchasing department at Con Ed.  In exchange for the bribes, Woodason steered
Con Ed industrial pipe supply contracts to American Pipe by secretly providing
Martingano with confidential competitor bid information, thereby causing Con Ed
to pay higher, non-competitive prices for materials.  At the time of Woodason's
arrest in August 2010, Woodason had already received approximately $45,000 in
cash bribes from Martingano and American Pipe.



 The department said the conspiracy took place from approximately January 2009
to August 2010.  In addition, Martingano and American Pipe defrauded Con Ed by
requesting a 14 percent price increase and basing that request on a fake email
purporting to document a "Steel Mill" price increase that American Pipe was
passing on to Con Ed.  These false and fraudulent price increase requests caused
actual losses to Con Ed in the amount of approximately $1.4 million and intended
losses of approximately $9.4 million.



 Con Ed is a regulated utility headquartered in Manhattan.  It provides electric
service to approximately 3.2 million customers, and gas service to approximately
1.1 million customers in New York City and Westchester County, New York.  Con Ed
received more than $10,000 in federal funding each year between 2003 through
2010, and cooperated with the department's investigation.



 Including Martingano and American Pipe, a total of five individuals and two
companies have been charged as part of this investigation and have been ordered
to serve a total of more than 16 years in prison and to pay criminal fines and
restitution of more than $3 million.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             428 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 19, 2015 Saturday

Four Romanian Nationals Charged in Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 514  words


SACRAMENTO, CAA federal grand jury returned a two-count indictment today against
Dumitru Martin, 55, a Romanian citizen residing in Long Island, New York, and
Anamaria Cruceru, 48; Constantin Schiller, 62; and Marcelle Banaga, 40, all of
whom reside in Romania, charging them with conspiracy to commit bribery and with
bribery of a public official, United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner
announced.

According to court documents, Martin owns and operates a Romanian company called
Polaris M. Holdings (Polaris), and Cruceru, Schiller, and Banaga are employees.
From October 2014 through December 2015, Martin, Cruceru, Schiller, and Banaga
conspired with each other to bribe a United States Air Force (USAF) contracting
officer in connection with the awarding of multimillion dollar contracts to
Polaris. The defendants offered to pay the contracting officer a bribe, which
they called a commission, equal to 10 percent of the amount of the contract. The
defendants also suggested that the contracting officer use a fictitious
consulting contract and other commercial contracts and documents to conceal
payment of the bribe.

In July 2015, the defendants caused Polaris to submit a bid to the USAF to
supply storage containers to the Mihail Koglaniceanu Air Base in Romania. In
September 2015, Martin traveled to Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield,
California to sign the documents relating to the bid as well the fictitious
contracts meant to conceal the bribe payment. Thereafter, as part of the
conspiracy, the defendants caused a $100,000 wire transfer from Romania to a
bank account in the United States as payment to the USAF contracting officer.
Unbeknownst to the defendants, the USAF contracting officer was working with
federal law enforcement and there was no contract to be awarded to Polaris.

Attacking corruption and collusion in federal contracting is important both to
ensure the integrity of federal programs and to protect taxpayer dollars, U.S.
Attorney Wagner said. Working with the FBI and our other law enforcement
partners, we will continue to root out and prosecute those who attempt to
corruptly influence federal contracting officials.

This case is the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. Assistant United States Attorneys Michael Beckwith and Todd
Pickles are prosecuting the case.

Martin was arrested and is currently in custody in Sacramento. The remaining
defendants reside in Romania, and the U.S. Department of Justice will initiate
requests for their extradition.

If convicted, the defendants each face a maximum statutory penalty of five years
in prison on the conspiracy charges and 15 years in prison for the bribery
count, as well as a $250,000 fine. Any sentence, however, would be determined at
the discretion of the court after consideration of any applicable statutory
factors and the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which take into account a number
of variables. The charges are only allegations; the defendants are presumed
innocent until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt. 2015 Legal
Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             429 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                            January 28, 2013 Monday

Former DeLand state worker pleads guilty in bribe case

BYLINE: Frank Fernandez, Frank Fernandez STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 240  words


A Daytona Beach woman who used her job with the state Department of
Transportation in DeLand to solicit bribes from a furniture company pleaded
guilty and will face up to 15 years in federal prison, according to the U.S.
Attorney's Office.

Tina Moore, 55, aka Tina Pollard, pleaded guilty last week to conspiracy and
money laundering after she received $30,000 in bribes, according to a statement
released by William Daniels, Department of Justice spokesman. A sentencing date
has not been set yet.

Moore worked out of the FDOT office in DeLand as a right of way agent whose job
it was to help people and businesses forced to move by transportation projects.
One of those projects was the widening of Interstate 4, which was displacing MLA
Furniture on Garland Avenue in Orlando. The furniture store was renting a
location which had been purchased in 2006 by the FDOT as part of a plan to widen
20 miles of I-4.

Moore received $30,000 in bribes from MLA Furniture in return for helping them
remain at the Garland Avenue spot. Moore knowingly submitted false claims to the
FDOT for relocation expenses for the company, the statement said.

MLA Furniture received three checks from the state totaling about $450,000.

Moore was separated from the state agency when the conspiracy was discovered in
October 2008.

Jonathan Aubrey Jenkins, one of the owners of the furniture company, pleaded
guilty last year to conspiracy and will be sentenced on Feb. 20.

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2013 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2013 News-Journal Corporation


                             430 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

New Jersey Doctor Sentenced to More Than Three Years in Prison for Taking Bribes
in Test-Referrals Scheme Involving New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 493  words


A doctor with an office in North Arlington, New Jersey, was sentenced today to
37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part
of a long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC
(BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president, and numerous associates, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.


Angelo Calabrese, 57, of Pine Brook, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him
with one count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.
Including Calabrese, 37 people-25 of them physicians-have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.
According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:
Calabrese admitted accepting more than $130,000 in bribes to refer at least
$600,000 in lab business to BLS. From 2010 through 2013, Calabrese received over
$4,500 per month from BLS through sham consulting and rental agreements.
In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Calabrese to serve one
year of supervised release and ordered him to pay a fine of $5,000. As part of
his guilty plea, Calabrese must forfeit $334,000.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencing.
The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             431 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Washington: Woman Arrested in Prague on Charges of Conspiring to Bribe U.S. Air
Force Contract Administrator

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced today that Lida Amin, 39, of Dubai,
United Arab Emirates, and Dublin, California, was arrested today in Prague,
Czech Republic, by Czech authorities pursuant to a U.S. request for her
provisional arrest with a view toward extradition. The provisional arrest
request was based on an indictment filed in the Eastern District of California
on August 8, 2013, charging Ms. Amin and her brother, Nabil Amin, with
conspiring to bribe a public official in exchange for military contracts. Ms.
Amin is also charged with three counts of using interstate commerce facilities
to aid in her bribery activities. The indictment was unsealed today after Ms.
Amin was arrested by Czech officials. The Department of Justice will seek the
extradition of Ms. Amin to the United States.

According to the indictment, Lida Amin and Nabil Amin traveled to Budapest,
Hungary, in September 2012 to meet with an U.S. Air Force contract administrator
to discuss the details of a scheme to obtain government contracts in exchange
for bribe payments. The contract administrator had formerly been stationed in
Afghanistan. The defendants' scheme involved obtaining as many contracts as
possible over an extended period of time by making bribe payments to the
contract administrator after each contract was completed. In exchange for the
bribe payments, the contract administrator would continue to assist Lida Amin
and Nabil Amin in obtaining new government contracts.

The indictment alleges that Lida Amin and Nabil Amin established a plan to
communicate with the contract administrator during the contract bidding process
using a limited-access GMX webmail account to which both sides had access. The
GMX account was used when a code word was mentioned over a different e-mail
account. When notified in this way, Ms. Amin communicated with the contract
administrator by creating draft e-mails in the GMX account, which, once read,
could be deleted without being sent, thus minimizing the electronic record of
their communications. According to the indictment, Ms. Amin established
companies and bank accounts in Afghanistan in the names of third parties and
entities for the purpose of receiving proceeds from government contracts
received through the bribery scheme. In connection with a bribe promise made to
the contract administrator, Ms. Amin, acting through one of her companies,
Striker Logistics, shipped contract goods, including medical clothing and
linens, to Travis Air Force Base in the Eastern District of California in July
2013.

Ms. Amin was arrested in Prague after she traveled there to meet with the
contract administrator. The charges against both defendants are only
allegations, and the defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven
guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is the product of an extensive, joint investigation by the FBI; U.S.
Drug Enforcement Administration; Fremont, California, Police Department; and
U.S. Department of Justice, Office of International Affairs. Assistance was
provided by the Ministry of Justice of the Czech Republic, Czech National
Police, and Prague Police Department.

The maximum statutory penalty for the charge of conspiracy to bribe a public
official is five years of imprisonment, a $250,000 fine, and a three-year term
of supervised release. The maximum statutory penalty for the charges of use of a
facility in interstate commerce in aid of bribery activity is five years of
imprisonment, a $250,000 fine, and a three-year term of supervised release.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             432 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 29, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Woman Arrested in Prague on Charges of Conspiring to Bribe U.S. Air
Force Contract Administrator

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

U.S. Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced today that Lida Amin, 39, of Dubai,
United Arab Emirates, and Dublin, California, was arrested today in Prague,
Czech Republic, by Czech authorities pursuant to a U.S. request for her
provisional arrest with a view toward extradition. The provisional arrest
request was based on an indictment filed in the Eastern District of California
on August 8, 2013, charging Ms. Amin and her brother, Nabil Amin, with
conspiring to bribe a public official in exchange for military contracts. Ms.
Amin is also charged with three counts of using interstate commerce facilities
to aid in her bribery activities. The indictment was unsealed today after Ms.
Amin was arrested by Czech officials. The Department of Justice will seek the
extradition of Ms. Amin to the United States.

According to the indictment, Lida Amin and Nabil Amin traveled to Budapest,
Hungary, in September 2012 to meet with an U.S. Air Force contract administrator
to discuss the details of a scheme to obtain government contracts in exchange
for bribe payments. The contract administrator had formerly been stationed in
Afghanistan. The defendants' scheme involved obtaining as many contracts as
possible over an extended period of time by making bribe payments to the
contract administrator after each contract was completed. In exchange for the
bribe payments, the contract administrator would continue to assist Lida Amin
and Nabil Amin in obtaining new government contracts.

The indictment alleges that Lida Amin and Nabil Amin established a plan to
communicate with the contract administrator during the contract bidding process
using a limited-access GMX webmail account to which both sides had access. The
GMX account was used when a code word was mentioned over a different e-mail
account. When notified in this way, Ms. Amin communicated with the contract
administrator by creating draft e-mails in the GMX account, which, once read,
could be deleted without being sent, thus minimizing the electronic record of
their communications. According to the indictment, Ms. Amin established
companies and bank accounts in Afghanistan in the names of third parties and
entities for the purpose of receiving proceeds from government contracts
received through the bribery scheme. In connection with a bribe promise made to
the contract administrator, Ms. Amin, acting through one of her companies,
Striker Logistics, shipped contract goods, including medical clothing and
linens, to Travis Air Force Base in the Eastern District of California in July
2013.

Ms. Amin was arrested in Prague after she traveled there to meet with the
contract administrator. The charges against both defendants are only
allegations, and the defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven
guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is the product of an extensive, joint investigation by the FBI; U.S.
Drug Enforcement Administration; Fremont, California, Police Department; and
U.S. Department of Justice, Office of International Affairs. Assistance was
provided by the Ministry of Justice of the Czech Republic, Czech National
Police, and Prague Police Department.

The maximum statutory penalty for the charge of conspiracy to bribe a public
official is five years of imprisonment, a $250,000 fine, and a three-year term
of supervised release. The maximum statutory penalty for the charges of use of a
facility in interstate commerce in aid of bribery activity is five years of
imprisonment, a $250,000 fine, and a three-year term of supervised release.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             433 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 16, 2010 Friday

Former HP chief executive Carly Fiorina denies knowledge of shell companies set
up to bribe overseas officials

BYLINE: Ken McLaughlin kmclaughlin@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Communities; San Jose - Valley; News; Local

LENGTH: 580 words


As the probe into an overseas Hewlett-Packard bribery scandal widened Thursday,
U.S. Senate candidate Carly Fiorina, HP's former CEO, denied any knowledge of a
network of shell companies allegedly set up to bribe officials in Russia.

"Absolutely not," Fiorina said Thursday night when asked by the Mercury News if
she was aware of any of the shell companies, which reportedly spread from
Wyoming to Lithuania.

Fiorina made the comment after giving a speech on leadership at a dinner event
sponsored by the San Jose Silicon Valley Chamber of Commerce at San Jose's
Doubletree Hotel.

The Wall Street Journal on Thursday reported that the U.S. has begun
investigating whether HP executives paid millions of dollars in bribes to
Russian officials to win a contract in Russia. The Journal said the two agencies
investigating whether HP violated the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act are the
Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission.

"I think the U.S. should investigate it, based on the facts that I've seen,"
Fiorina said.

Fiorina was HP's chief executive from 1999 to 2005, during which time the
bribery allegedly occurred. She is now engaged in a contentious three-way GOP
battle over who will oppose Sen. Barbara Boxer in the fall.

The Journal had reported on Wednesday that Russian and German officials were
looking into whether the HP executives paid the bribes in exchange for a deal to
sell a secure computer system to the Russian prosecutor general's office. The
Journal cited German court documents and unnamed law enforcement sources.

German authorities are leading the multinational investigation because of
allegations that HP sold the computer system through a German subsidiary.

HP officials say they are cooperating fully with the investigation, which
centers on a 2003 contract with the Russian agency. The company is conducting
its own probe.

The Journal said German court records show the original contract, worth about
$48 million, was signed in 2003 by an HP executive and an unidentified Russian
official. HP officials allegedly paid $10.9 million in bribes to win the
contract.

According to court records cited by the Journal, the three HP employees under
investigation are: Hilmar Lorenz, former head of sales in Russia; Kenneth
Willett, who led a unit that sold equipment in Europe, the Middle East and
Africa from 2003 until 2007; and Paeivi Tiippana, Willett's predecessor at the
German unit.

The Journal reported that Willett is on administrative leave from HP after being
released on $339,000 bail from a German jail on Jan. 6.

Lorenz, who in 2003 reportedly set up the deal at the center of the probe, was
arrested on Dec. 2 on suspicion of bribing foreign officials and spent four
months in jail before posting $217,000 bond, the Journal said.

Fiorina was asked Thursday if she bore ultimate responsibility for the alleged
actions because she headed HP at the time.

"I think we have to understand what the facts of the case are," she said. "But
certainly if I had discovered as the CEO illegal activity going on at HP,
employees would have been fired. That's my demonstrated record."

A spokesman for one of Fiorina's opponents, former Silicon Valley congressman
Tom Campbell, noted Thursday that a shell company under Fiorina's watch was used
to funnel U.S. technology to the regime in Iran.

"Our point of view is that she needs to clear this up right away," said Jamie
Fisfis, Campbell's spokesman. "Was she aware of what was going on? And if not,
why not?"

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             434 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

Kentucky: New Jersey Pipe Supply Company Owner Sentenced to 32 Months in Prison
for Role in Fraud and Bribery Conspiracy in Power Generation Industry

LENGTH: 578  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 A New Jersey industrial pipe supply company and its owner were sentenced today
for conspiring to commit fraud and pay bribes to a purchasing manager at
Consolidated Edison of New York in return for the manager's efforts to steer
contracts to the company, the Department of Justice announced.





 Andrew Martingano, of Staten Island, New York, was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Deborah A. Batts of the Southern District of New York to 32 months and a
day in prison.  American Pipe Bending and Fabrication Co. Inc. of Edison, New
Jersey, was sentenced to pay a $150,000 criminal fine.  Martingano and American
Pipe were also sentenced to pay over $1.6 million in restitution, jointly and
severally with their co-conspirators, to the victim, Con Ed.  The company and
its owner pleaded guilty to committing wire fraud and conspiring to defraud Con
Ed on Aug. 15, 2012.



 According to court documents, Martingano and others agreed to pay approximately
$510,000 in cash bribes to James M. Woodason, a department manager of the
purchasing department at Con Ed.  In exchange for the bribes, Woodason steered
Con Ed industrial pipe supply contracts to American Pipe by secretly providing
Martingano with confidential competitor bid information, thereby causing Con Ed
to pay higher, non-competitive prices for materials.  At the time of Woodason's
arrest in August 2010, Woodason had already received approximately $45,000 in
cash bribes from Martingano and American Pipe.



 The department said the conspiracy took place from approximately January 2009
to August 2010.  In addition, Martingano and American Pipe defrauded Con Ed by
requesting a 14 percent price increase and basing that request on a fake email
purporting to document a "Steel Mill" price increase that American Pipe was
passing on to Con Ed.  These false and fraudulent price increase requests caused
actual losses to Con Ed in the amount of approximately $1.4 million and intended
losses of approximately $9.4 million.



 Con Ed is a regulated utility headquartered in Manhattan.  It provides electric
service to approximately 3.2 million customers, and gas service to approximately
1.1 million customers in New York City and Westchester County, New York.  Con Ed
received more than $10,000 in federal funding each year between 2003 through
2010, and cooperated with the department's investigation.



 Including Martingano and American Pipe, a total of five individuals and two
companies have been charged as part of this investigation and have been ordered
to serve a total of more than 16 years in prison and to pay criminal fines and
restitution of more than $3 million.



 The charges arose from an ongoing federal antitrust investigation of bid
rigging, bribery, fraud and tax-related offenses in the power generation
industry.  The investigation is being conducted by the Antitrust Division's New
York Office, with assistance from the FBI and the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation.  Anyone with information concerning bid rigging,
bribery, tax offenses or fraud in the power generation industry should contact
the FBI's New York Division at 212-384-3720 or the Antitrust Division's New York
Office at 212-335-8000, or visit www.justice.gov/atr/contact/newcase.htm.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             435 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Los Angeles Times

                            February 17, 2017 Friday
                                  Home Edition

EX-PALM SPRINGS MAYOR, 2 OTHERS CHARGED;
Steve Pougnet is accused of corruption involving $375,000 in bribes from
builders.

BYLINE: Richard Winton

SECTION: CALIFORNIA; Metro Desk; Part B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1006 words

DATELINE:  RIVERSIDE


As Palm Springs' chief booster for nearly a decade, former Mayor Steve Pougnet
came to define the city's hunger for development and renewed prosperity. In
recent years, the town, once a favorite watering hole that attracted visitors
from around the globe, has boomed, with cranes dotting the skyline and the hum
of construction competing with desert winds.

But some of that expansion may be tainted, said prosecutors, who on Thursday
accused Pougnet of accepting $375,000 in bribes from two developers whose
projects he promoted.

Pougnet, 53, and developers Richard Meaney, 51, and John Wessman, 78, were
charged with a combined 30 felony counts of corruption, including paying and
accepting bribes, conflict of interest, perjury and conspiracy to commit
bribery. Pougnet served as mayor for eight years before stepping down in 2015.

Pougnet faces up to 19 years in state prison, while the two developers face up
to 12 years each behind bars. The three are expected to surrender to authorities
within days.

"We simply cannot tolerate corruption in government at any level," Riverside
County Dist. Atty. Mike Hestrin said at a news conference. "With all bribery, it
was about buying influence."

Wessman, the city's biggest developer, along with Meaney paid bribes to gain
influence in City Hall and beyond, Hestrin said.

"This was a bribe and not just business," the prosecutor said. "It was pretty
brazen, and it was pretty obvious."

Hestrin said money was funneled to the former mayor through a shell company from
September 2012 to September 2014.

The charges come 17 months after investigators from the FBI and the district
attorney's office seized documents from City Hall and the mayor's home as part
of a public corruption investigation.

City incentives in recent years have spurred hundreds of millions of dollars in
investments that are transforming the landscape of the desert city in the heart
of the Coachella Valley.

The investigation has already cast a shadow over a $300-million retail,
restaurant, office and hotel project designed to reshape downtown Palm Springs.
The city invested $43 million in the venture, which involves replacing a
decaying mall. Wessman's company and the city are partners in the project.

"Unfortunately for Palm Springs ... there's going to be some difficulties in
untangling this," Hestrin said.

Pougnet is charged with nine counts of receiving bribes, eight counts of
conflict of interest as a public official and three counts of perjury, plus an
allegation of conspiracy to commit bribery. The ex-mayor received nine payments
and cast 11 votes on projects connected to the developers that required City
Council approval, prosecutors said.

Pougnet, prosecutors said, did not reveal the payments and connections on his
annual conflict-of-interest forms as required by law.

"This is a large amount of money that was paid to the mayor for his influence on
the City Council," Hestrin said. "The mayor is very influential, and these
individuals had a lot to gain."

The Sept. 1, 2015, raids came after a series of articles in the Desert Sun
newspaper showed that Pougnet, while mayor, worked as a consultant for Meaney
during the same period he voted to sell city property to the developer and
another investor.

After the Desert Sun in 2015 revealed that Pougnet received more than $200,000
-- now alleged to be $375,000 -- from firms run by Meaney, Pougnet contended
he'd been hired to educate the developer on local development laws.

In the wake of the public corruption probe, Pougnet said his vote to approve the
sale to Meaney of a 29,185-square-foot property called Casa Del Camino was a
mistake. Besides the property deal, Meaney also benefited from a $250,000 city
economic development grant meant to help redevelop vacant properties -- a vote
from which Pougnet abstained, according to city records.

Neither Pougnet, Meaney nor Wessman could be reached for comment.

In a statement, Michael Braun, senior vice president of Wessman Development,
said that as of Wednesday, Wessman had retired from his position as president of
the company and was no longer involved in management or day-to-day operations.

"While John Wessman denies all of the allegations of the complaint, which he
will vigorously defend, the paramount concern of John Wessman, Michael Braun,
all of the Wessman entities and the entirety of the staff, is to ensure that all
projects proceed in a timely manner to completion," Braun said.

Malcolm Segal, Pougnet's attorney, said he had yet to examine specifics of the
charges. But he said his client properly disclosed his income and is "really
saddened" by the allegations.

"Steve Pougnet always did his best for the people of Palm Springs," Segal said.
"He made every financial disclosure required of him and did so truthfully. He
worked very hard to bring downtown Palm Springs back during his years in
office."

The attorney said it would be a mistake to believe that Pougnet alone could
steer City Council decisions. "He was just one vote of five on every decision by
the City Council," Segal said.

Pougnet first joined the council in 2003 and became mayor in 2007. After the
2015 raids, he declared, "I am happy to cooperate with the inquiry going on at
City Hall, just as I have always been fully cooperative and open in all of my
many years as an elected official in Palm Springs."

Sorting out ongoing development projects will involve "a complex analysis by
legal and business experts as to the best way to proceed with each of these
properties," a statement released by the City Council said.

The charges came as no surprise to some City Hall watchers who said developers
wield too much influence over how public dollars are spent in the desert town,
which was once a playground for Hollywood's biggest celebrities.

"I am thankful they have finally brought the charges," said Judy Deertrack, an
attorney who works on development issues. "The city has been under a cloud of
uncertainty for the last 17 months."

--

richard.winton@latimes.com

Times staff writer Paloma Esquivel contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: RIVERSIDE COUNTY Dist. Atty. Mike Hestrin announces the charges.
PHOTOGRAPHER:Gina Ferazzi Los Angeles Times PHOTO: RIVERSIDE COUNTY Dist. Atty.
Mike Hestrin, left, leaves a news conference Thursday after announcing the
filing of charges against three men in a public corruption case involving
$375,000 in bribes.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Gina Ferazzi Los Angeles Times PHOTO: FORMER
Palm Springs Mayor Steve Pougnet, left, and developers Richard Meaney and John
Wessman were charged with a combined 30 felony counts.  PHOTOGRAPHER:Gina
Ferazzi Los Angeles Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2017 Los Angeles Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             436 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 9, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: Former Chief Executive Officer of Oil Services Company Indicted in New
Jersey on Foreign Bribery and Kickback Charges

LENGTH: 696  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The former co-chief executive officer (CEO) of PetroTiger Ltd. - a British
Virgin Islands oil and gas company with operations in Colombia and offices in
New Jersey - was indicted today for his role in a scheme to pay bribes to
foreign government officials in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA) and to defraud PetroTiger.

Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Marshall Miller of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman of the
District of New Jersey and Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford of the FBI's
Newark Division made the announcement.

Joseph Sigelman, 43, of Miami and the Philippines, was indicted today by a
federal grand jury in the District of New Jersey and charged with conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud, conspiracy to launder money, and
substantive FCPA and money laundering violations.   Gregory Weisman, 42, of
Moorestown, New Jersey, the former general counsel of PetroTiger, pleaded guilty
on Nov. 8, 2013, to conspiracy to violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud.
Sigelman's co-CEO, Knut Hammarskjold, 42, of Greenville, South Carolina, pleaded
guilty to the same charge on Feb. 18, 2014.

According to court records, Sigelman and others allegedly paid bribes to an
official in Colombia in exchange for the official's assistance in securing
approval for an oil services contract worth roughly $39 million.   To conceal
the bribes, they first attempted to make the payments to a bank account in the
name of the foreign official's wife for purported consulting services she did
not perform.  Sigelman and Hammarskjold provided Weisman invoices, including her
bank account information.   The conspirators made the payments directly to the
official's bank account when attempts to transfer the money to his wife's
account failed.   Sigelman and his conspirators then took steps to conceal the
bribe payments from PetroTiger's board members.

In addition, court documents allege that Sigelman and others attempted to secure
kickback payments while negotiating an acquisition of another company on behalf
of PetroTiger, including on behalf of several members of PetroTiger's board of
directors who were helping to fund the acquisition.   In exchange for
negotiating more favorable terms for the owners of the target company, two of
the owners agreed to kick back to the conspirators a portion of the increased
purchase price.   To conceal the kickback payments, Sigelman and others had the
payments deposited into Sigelman's bank account in the Philippines, created a
"side letter" to falsely justify the payments and used the code name "Manila
Split" to refer to the payments amongst themselves.

Sigelman and Hammarskjold were charged by sealed complaints filed in the
District of New Jersey on Nov. 8, 2013.   Hammarskjold was arrested Nov. 20,
2013, at Newark Liberty International Airport.   Sigelman was arrested on Jan.
3, 2014, in the Philippines.   The charges against Sigelman, Hammarskjold and
Weisman were unsealed on Jan. 6, 2014.

The charges contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was brought to the attention of the department through a voluntary
disclosure by PetroTiger, which cooperated with the department's investigation.
The department has worked closely with and has received significant assistance
from its law enforcement counterparts in the Republic of Colombia and greatly
appreciates their assistance in this matter.   The department also thanks the
Republic of the Philippines, including the Bureau of Immigration, and the
Republic of Panama for their assistance in this matter.   Significant assistance
was also provided by the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Newark Division.   The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Zach Intrater of the District of New Jersey.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             437 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 9, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Correctional Officer at Federal Prison in Victorville Agrees to
Plead Guilty to Taking Bribe to Smuggle Contraband to Prisoner

LENGTH: 463  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A federal correctional officer who worked at the United States Penitentiary in
Victorville has agreed to plead guilty to a federal bribery charge for taking a
$1,000 bribe to smuggle contraband to a prisoner inside the facility.



 Ignacio Adrian Sobers Jr., 31, of San Bernardino, entered into a plea agreement
that was filed today in United States District Court. Sobers agreed to plead
guilty to one count of acceptance of a bribe by a public official.

 Sobers was arrested by federal authorities on January 21 after receiving a
$1,000 payment and a gift-wrapped package filled with contraband in a parking
lot of a fast food restaurant in San Bernardino.

 The contraband that Sobers received for the purpose of smuggling to the inmate
included MP3 players, pornographic magazines, pornographic movies, all of which
were objects prohibited from delivery to an inmate at USP Victorville and which
defendant knew to be prohibited objects according to the plea agreement.

 "With the full knowledge that his conduct was illegal and posed a threat to the
security of the prison, this defendant betrayed his oath to the United States by
accepting a bribe in exchange for smuggling contraband to a prisoner," said
United States Attorney Eileen M. Decker. "Law enforcement officers have a
special duty to uphold the law and to act in the public's interest, and this
defendant's failure to act in the public's interest both presented an immediate
threat of harm to the security of the prison and undermines public confidence in
law enforcement in general."

 According to a criminal complaint filed when Sobers was arrested last month,
prison officials were investigating the inmate for suspected illegal activity
inside the prison. The inmate provided information that Sobers had agreed to
provide him with contraband in exchange for bribes.

 The inmate's contact outside the prison cooperated with law enforcement during
the January 21 incident in which Sobers accepted $1,000 in cash to smuggle the
package to the inmate.

 Sobers made his initial court appearance in this case on January 23, at which
time he was released on a $10,000 bond.

 Sobers is scheduled to be arraigned on February 22 in United States District
Court.

 Once he pleads guilty, Sobers will face a maximum statutory sentence of 15
years in federal prison.

 The investigation in this case was conducted by the Justice Department's Office
of the Inspector General, Investigations Division, Los Angeles Field Office.

 The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Julius J. Nam
of the Riverside Branch Office.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             438 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             April 29, 2011 Friday

Man pleads guilty to attempted bribery of Irwindale council members

BYLINE: From staff reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 281 words


LOS ANGELES - A Baldwin Park print shop owner and political consultant pleaded
guilty Thursday to allegations he tried to bribe to Irwindale city council
members.

Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Barbara Johnson immediately sentenced
Ronaldo Valera, 45, to three years of formal probation, as well as 40 days of
community service, Los Angeles County District Attorney's spokeswoman Sandi
Gibbons said. He was also sentenced to four days in jail, though it was unclear
if that time had already been served.

Valera was charged in March 2010 with attempting to bribe Irwindale Councilmen
Manuel Ortiz and Larry Burrola, prosecutors said. The bribes were not accepted.

Valera pleaded not guilty in April 2010 before changing his plea to guilty
Thursday.

Valera, as well as the handling deputy district attorney, could not be reached
for comment Friday.

Valera acted as an intermediary when he attempted to bribe the councilmen to get
them to vote for a conditional use permit to sell liquor at the Mariscos Uruapan
restaurant in Irwindale on Dec. 24, 2008, officials said.

Prosecutors have declined to specify the amounts of the attempted bribes.

No one from the restaurant was arrested in the probe.

The Irwindale City Council voted 3-2 in March 2009 in favor of allowing the
restaurant to sell distilled spirits.

Burrola, then-mayor Mark Breceda and Councilman Manuel Garcia voted in favor of
allowing the restaurant to serve distilled spirits. Ortiz and Councilman David
Fuentes voted in opposition.

Valera owns Colourgraphix at 14180 Live Oak Ave. in Baldwin Park, which also
houses a technical school.

He ran for a seat on the Valley County Water Board in 2005, according to a
campaign website.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             439 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday

Minneapolis / Court clerk took bribes, charges say

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: MINNESOTA-TWIN CITIES

LENGTH: 135 words


A former Hennepin County court clerk has been indicted on suspicion of accepting
bribes to dismiss tickets.

The indictment filed Tuesday in federal court says Abdulkadir Mohamoud Afrah's
scheme cost the state more than $6,100. The indictment says that from 2008 to
2011, Afrah accepted bribes in exchange for dismissing 22 tickets for people
caught driving without vehicle insurance. Driving without insurance carries a
$278 fine and can lead to higher insurance costs or revocation of driving
privileges.

The indictment includes one count of wire fraud, one count of theft and one
count of soliciting and receiving a bribe.

Afrah was released from custody after posting bail.

His attorney, Mitchell Robinson, said he has not yet read the indictment and has
not seen any evidence related to the case.

-- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             440 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BRIBERY CASE SPANS ATLANTIC;
DUTCHMAN CHARGED, ACCUSED IN SCHEME HERE

BYLINE: Torsten Ove, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 480 words


Dutch authorities have charged one of the richest men in the Netherlands with
bribing a former U.S. Google executive in a case of international intrigue
originating in Pittsburgh during an investigation of a Coraopolis-based drug
ring, the largest narcotics operation ever prosecuted in Western Pennsylvania.

Rudy Stroink, former head of TCN Group, and his wife were accused this week of
paying 1.7 million euros in bribes to Simon Tusha, a former Google director
under indictment in U.S. District Court in Pittsburgh.

Mr. Stroink, whose case has been front-page news in the Netherlands in recent
days, also was charged with money laundering, fraud and forgery and is due in a
Dutch court on Monday.

Prosecutors say Mr. Stroink paid the bribes from 2008 to 2010 to Mr. Tusha, who
was in charge of setting up data centers around the world for Google, to
establish a center in the city of Eindhoven.

Mr. Tusha, a Maryland resident who waived indictment and pleaded in Pittsburgh
in May to conspiracy to defraud the U.S., is a government witness in the case
against Mr. Stroink and is expecting consideration from U.S. prosecutors for his
help when he is sentenced Jan. 9 by U.S. District Judge Donetta Ambrose.

At his plea here, he admitted that he received about $3.2 million in kickbacks
from TCN and another company in the United Kingdom that was also negotiating
contracts for data centers with Google and hid the money from the IRS through a
series of shell companies he helped create with other conspirators.

Bribe money ended up in Mr. Tusha's PNC account, according to the criminal
investigation division of the IRS in Pittsburgh, which investigated the case.

Attorneys for Mr. Tusha have refused to comment.

The bribery case has its roots in an investigation of a California-to-Pittsburgh
drug ring operated by Russell Spence of Coraopolis.

Spence was sentenced in June to 20 years in federal prison for shipping 2 tons
of cocaine into the region.

His ring is believed to be the largest drug network, in terms of volume, ever
uncovered here. Spence and two dozen others were indicted in Pittsburgh in 2009.
Others included in the case were a Washington, D.C., police officer and the
former athletic director at Duquesne High School.

Another conspirator was the police officer's father, Howard Weinberg, 67, of
suburban Baltimore, who laundered drug money for Damon Collins, a Baltimore drug
dealer who was one of Spence's main suppliers.

Weinberg has pleaded guilty in federal court in Pittsburgh and is awaiting
sentencing next year.

Tusha had recruited Weinberg, whom he had met in Baltimore in 2006, to act as a
broker and set up bank accounts for the shell companies to transfer the bribe
money from Mr. Stroink and the U.K. company.

Tusha and Weinberg were supposed to split the bribe money but had a falling-out,
prosecutors said, after which Tusha switched to another conspirator.

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Torsten Ove: tove@post-gazette.com or 412-944-6551. /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             441 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Four Romanian Nationals Charged in Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 544  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A federal grand jury returned a two-count indictment today against Dumitru
Martin, 55, a Romanian citizen residing in Long Island, New York, and Anamaria
Cruceru, 48; Constantin Schiller, 62; and Marcelle Banaga, 40, all of whom
reside in Romania, charging them with conspiracy to commit bribery and with
bribery of a public official, United States Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner
announced.





 According to court documents, Martin owns and operates a Romanian company
called Polaris M. Holdings (Polaris), and Cruceru, Schiller, and Banaga are
employees. From October 2014 through December 2015, Martin, Cruceru, Schiller,
and Banaga conspired with each other to bribe a United States Air Force (USAF)
contracting officer in connection with the awarding of multimillion dollar
contracts to Polaris. The defendants offered to pay the contracting officer a
bribe, which they called a "commission," equal to 10 percent of the amount of
the contract. The defendants also suggested that the contracting officer use a
fictitious consulting contract and other commercial contracts and documents to
conceal payment of the bribe.



 In July 2015, the defendants caused Polaris to submit a bid to the USAF to
supply storage containers to the Mihail Koglaniceanu Air Base in Romania. In
September 2015, Martin traveled to Travis Air Force Base in Fairfield,
California to sign the documents relating to the bid as well the fictitious
contracts meant to conceal the bribe payment. Thereafter, as part of the
conspiracy, the defendants caused a $100,000 wire transfer from Romania to a
bank account in the United States as payment to the USAF contracting officer.
Unbeknownst to the defendants, the USAF contracting officer was working with
federal law enforcement and there was no contract to be awarded to Polaris.



 "Attacking corruption and collusion in federal contracting is important both to
ensure the integrity of federal programs and to protect taxpayer dollars," U.S.
Attorney Wagner said. "Working with the FBI and our other law enforcement
partners, we will continue to root out and prosecute those who attempt to
corruptly influence federal contracting officials."



 This case is the product of an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. Assistant United States Attorneys Michael Beckwith and Todd
Pickles are prosecuting the case.



 Martin was arrested and is currently in custody in Sacramento. The remaining
defendants reside in Romania, and the U.S. Department of Justice will initiate
requests for their extradition.



 If convicted, the defendants each face a maximum statutory penalty of five
years in prison on the conspiracy charges and 15 years in prison for the bribery
count, as well as a $250,000 fine. Any sentence, however, would be determined at
the discretion of the court after consideration of any applicable statutory
factors and the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which take into account a number
of variables. The charges are only allegations; the defendants are presumed
innocent until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             442 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Get cell phones out of cells

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 447 words


It doesn't take an advanced degree in criminal justice to understand that prison
inmates never should have access to cell phones. They use them to plot violent
crimes inside and outside the prison, plot escapes and conduct drug deals with
other inmates or contacts on the outside.

Matthew Cate, secretary of the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation, agrees. He said, "Cell phone smuggling into California's prisons
is a very serious and growing problem. Public safety officials in prisons and
prosecutors on the outside need additional tools to combat cell phone smuggling
to inmates."

One such tool should be stiff felony penalties for anyone smuggling cell phones
into prisons or accepting bribes for phones. Those penalties should be even
tougher for prison guards.

Unfortunately, it is the guards who are suspected of providing most of the cell
phones to inmates, often taking bribes. Yet California continues to be lax in
passing laws to crack down on the problem.

Possessing a cell phone behind bars violates prison rules, but still is not
illegal. Inmates can lose early release credits, and employees caught smuggling
phones can lose their jobs.

Even when someone is caught, the penalty is extraordinarily light. Last month,
Terry Lane, a former California correctional officer from San Jose, was
sentenced to just 45 days in jail for smuggling several cell phones to state
prison inmates.

Lane also was fined $5,700, which the Sacramento County District Attorney's
Office said was the amount of bribes Lane took from inmates for delivering the
phones. The bribery charge was dropped in a plea bargain.

The best way to discourage prison guards from taking bribes for delivering cell
phones is the use of tough penalties that include long prison terms, firing and
permanent disqualification from ever working in a prison.

There are a few bills floating around in the Legislature to stiffen penalties
for those who bring phones to inmates and or accept bribes for doing so.

State Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, has introduced two bills this year that
add penalties for inmates, employees or visitors smuggling cell phones.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-Santa Clara, is carrying another bill that would require
random searches of employees and contractors.

Action is long overdue. Prison officials say that the number of cell phones
confiscated in California prisons has been growing rapidly over the past few
years and has become a major problem that needs to be remedied.

If prison employees or visitors faced years behind bars for cell phone
smuggling, we believe the practice would decline sharply. There is no good
reason to delay legislation, even if there are added costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             443 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              May 13, 2011 Friday

Get cell phones out of cells

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 447 words


It doesn't take an advanced degree in criminal justice to understand that prison
inmates never should have access to cell phones. They use them to plot violent
crimes inside and outside the prison, plot escapes and conduct drug deals with
other inmates or contacts on the outside.

Matthew Cate, secretary of the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation, agrees. He said, "Cell phone smuggling into California's prisons
is a very serious and growing problem. Public safety officials in prisons and
prosecutors on the outside need additional tools to combat cell phone smuggling
to inmates."

One such tool should be stiff felony penalties for anyone smuggling cell phones
into prisons or accepting bribes for phones. Those penalties should be even
tougher for prison guards.

Unfortunately, it is the guards who are suspected of providing most of the cell
phones to inmates, often taking bribes. Yet California continues to be lax in
passing laws to crack down on the problem.

Possessing a cell phone behind bars violates prison rules, but still is not
illegal. Inmates can lose early release credits, and employees caught smuggling
phones can lose their jobs.

Even when someone is caught, the penalty is extraordinarily light. Last month,
Terry Lane, a former California correctional officer from San Jose, was
sentenced to just 45 days in jail for smuggling several cell phones to state
prison inmates.

Lane also was fined $5,700, which the Sacramento County District Attorney's
Office said was the amount of bribes Lane took from inmates for delivering the
phones. The bribery charge was dropped in a plea bargain.

The best way to discourage prison guards from taking bribes for delivering cell
phones is the use of tough penalties that include long prison terms, firing and
permanent disqualification from ever working in a prison.

There are a few bills floating around in the Legislature to stiffen penalties
for those who bring phones to inmates and or accept bribes for doing so.

State Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, has introduced two bills this year that
add penalties for inmates, employees or visitors smuggling cell phones.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-Santa Clara, is carrying another bill that would require
random searches of employees and contractors.

Action is long overdue. Prison officials say that the number of cell phones
confiscated in California prisons has been growing rapidly over the past few
years and has become a major problem that needs to be remedied.

If prison employees or visitors faced years behind bars for cell phone
smuggling, we believe the practice would decline sharply. There is no good
reason to delay legislation, even if there are added costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             444 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                              May 10, 2011 Tuesday

Get cell phones out of cells

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 447 words


It doesn't take an advanced degree in criminal justice to understand that prison
inmates never should have access to cell phones. They use them to plot violent
crimes inside and outside the prison, plot escapes and conduct drug deals with
other inmates or contacts on the outside.

Matthew Cate, secretary of the California Department of Corrections and
Rehabilitation, agrees. He said, "Cell phone smuggling into California's prisons
is a very serious and growing problem. Public safety officials in prisons and
prosecutors on the outside need additional tools to combat cell phone smuggling
to inmates."

One such tool should be stiff felony penalties for anyone smuggling cell phones
into prisons or accepting bribes for phones. Those penalties should be even
tougher for prison guards.

Unfortunately, it is the guards who are suspected of providing most of the cell
phones to inmates, often taking bribes. Yet California continues to be lax in
passing laws to crack down on the problem.

Possessing a cell phone behind bars violates prison rules, but still is not
illegal. Inmates can lose early release credits, and employees caught smuggling
phones can lose their jobs.

Even when someone is caught, the penalty is extraordinarily light. Last month,
Terry Lane, a former California correctional officer from San Jose, was
sentenced to just 45 days in jail for smuggling several cell phones to state
prison inmates.

Lane also was fined $5,700, which the Sacramento County District Attorney's
Office said was the amount of bribes Lane took from inmates for delivering the
phones. The bribery charge was dropped in a plea bargain.

The best way to discourage prison guards from taking bribes for delivering cell
phones is the use of tough penalties that include long prison terms, firing and
permanent disqualification from ever working in a prison.

There are a few bills floating around in the Legislature to stiffen penalties
for those who bring phones to inmates and/or accept bribes for doing so.

State Sen. Alex Padilla, D-Los Angeles, has introduced two bills this year that
add penalties for inmates, employees or visitors smuggling cell phones.

Sen. Elaine Alquist, D-Santa Clara, is carrying another bill that would require
random searches of employees and contractors.

Action is long overdue. Prison officials say that the number of cell phones
confiscated in California prisons has been growing rapidly over the past few
years and has become a major problem that needs to be remedied.

If prison employees or visitors faced years behind bars for cell phone
smuggling, we believe the practice would decline sharply. There is no good
reason to delay legislation, even if there are added costs.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             445 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            February 14, 2014 Friday
                              SPORTS EXTRA EDITION

TAKE DOWN Ex-aide buries Boyland in bribery case

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 413 words


HELL hath no fury like Assemblyman William Boyland Jr.'s former chief of staff
and mistress.

Armed with a government cooperation agreement, Ry-Ann Hermon took the witness
stand in Brooklyn Federal Court Thursday and promptly buried Boyland deeper than
the snow piling up outside.

"Under my official capacity, I accepted bribes and I helped my former boss
receive bribes as well," Hermon said in her sultry voice.

Boyland, 43, is charged with soliciting bribes from undercover FBI agents posing
as businessmen seeking favors from the Brooklyn Democrat. He faces up to 30
years in prison if convicted.

Hermon, 35, a single mom with shoulder-length hair dyed blond, strutted into the
courtroom in snow shoes and a black jacket over her white T-shirt with a
plunging neckline. A large gold cross hung from a chain around her neck. She
didn't look at Boyland, who was jotting on a legal pad.

Asked by the prosecutor if she recognized Boyland in the courtroom, she
responded, "Yeah."

Hermon said she was the assemblyman's "top aide" and exercised financial control
over his personal expenses as well as the campaign coffers. Referring to Boyland
as "the member" because of his Assembly post, she said he was a big spender. "I
don't think he managed his money well," she told Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert
Capers.

"How did you learn the job?" Capers asked.

"Hands on," she said.

Hermon testified that after her second job interview with Boyland, he invited
her to Albany to attend a Black and Latino Caucus event on Presidents' Day 2008.
When they returned, he hired her as his chief of staff. Boyland and his wife
were separated at the time.

But Hermon was no babe in the woods when the assemblyman hired her. She had
worked as a real estate agent and admitted committing multiple mortgage frauds
as a straw buyer of properties.

Hermon wasn't busted for the mortgage fraud, but she lost $170,000 in real
estate investments she made with her illicit profits from the scam and was
forced to file for bankruptcy.

In the federal corruption case with Boyland, Hermon pleaded guilty to pocketing
$2,000 in bribes and hopes by testifying she will get lesser sentence. Earlier
in the trial, prosecutors played secretly recorded tapes of the treacherous
Hermon drinking cognac at a Manhattan restaurant and complaining to an
undercover agent that Boyland, who she called an "idiot," wasn't sharing his
bribe money with her.

She told the undercover she would be agreeable to taking cash as their little
secret.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ry-Ann Hermon, the former chief of staff and mistress of Brooklyn
Assemblyman William Boyland Jr. (inset), said in Brooklyn Federal Court Thursday
that she accepted and helped her boss receive bribes. Photos by Joe Marino/News
New York State Assemblyman William Boyland jr., leaving Brooklyn Federal Court,
Tuesday Feburaru 4th 2014. (Joe Marino/New York Daily News)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             446 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

FIFA whistleblower: We DID take bribes;
Blatter's pal says he and others accepted bungs to back two World Cup bids

BYLINE: CHRISTOPHER BUCKTIN

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 568 words


EX-FIFA official Chuck Blazer claimed he and others took millions in bribes -
including payments for voting for countries to host the World Cup.

He told a court that corrupt FIFA executives took bungs in return for helping
South Africa host the 2010 tournament, and France to stage the 1998 event.

Blazer, 70, was a key member of the executive committee at world football's
governing body until 2013, when he turned supergrass as part of plea deal with
US prosecutors.

FIFA president Sepp Blatter quit this week over the probe into alleged
corruption at the body.

But he could stay in the role until March and opponents want Jordan's Prince Ali
bin Al Hussein - the favourite to replace him - to take the job straight away on
an interim basis before the election.

Last night the transcript of Blazer's appearance in court in New York in
November 2013 was made public for the first time.

The whistleblower said: "Beginning in or around 2004 and continuing through
2011, I and others on the FIFA executive committee agreed to accept bribes in
conjunction with the selection of South Africa as the host nation for the 2010
World Cup."

Blazer added: "I agreed with other persons around 1992 to facilitate the
acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation
[France] for the 1998 World Cup."

Blazer also told the court he and colleagues began taking bribes in about 1993.
These included payments in relation to broadcasting rights for tournaments run
by the Confederation of North, Central American and Caribbean Association
Football.

The American became an informer for the FBI and revenue inspectors after they
uncovered more than a decade of unpaid tax on hidden, multimillion dollar
incomes. Blazer was arrested in 2011 as he made he way down a Manhattan street
on a mobility scooter.

Sources say he was given an ultimatum on the pavement to help prosecutors or
face a lengthy prison sentence.

While giving evidence, Blazer also detailed how he hid the money that funded his
lavish lifestyle, using accounts in the Caribbean.

Following his arrest, Blazer, who is reportedly suffering from colon cancer,
pleaded guilty to racketeering, wire fraud conspiracy, money laundering and
income tax evasion.

In the light of the FBI probe into FIFA, former Sports Minister Dame Tessa
Jowell last night said England, which lost out in the race to stage the 2018
World Cup, should "stand ready" to host the tournament.

Shamed Mr Blatter has been likened to an "alien" by a former Football
Association chief.

The FIFA president is carrying on with his job despite Interpol putting two of
his top executives on a "most wanted" list.

Ex-FA chairman David Bernstein launched a blistering attack on the 79-yearold
for clinging to power.

Mr Bernstein said: "It reminds me of that film Alien - you could not get the
alien out of that spaceship, no matter how hard you tried. And when, in the end,
they did get it out, they found it was clinging on to the outside.

"This man can't help himself.He'll cling on to the last moment. It is partly for
him to control what comes after him, which is the last thing we need."

Mr Bernstein begged FIFA to speed up the process of naming a successor to
Blatter, adding: "It desperately needs a fresh temporary person to handle this
transitionary period."

chris.bucktin@mirror.co.uk

"It's like that film Alien... He'll cling on until the last moment DAVID
BERNSTEIN ON FIFA CHIEF BLATTER

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HOT FAVOURITE Jordan's Prince Ali

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             447 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 18, 2008 Tuesday

END OF LINE FOR LIRR BRIBE' EXEC - BUSTED IN SCAM

BYLINE: KIERAN CROWLEY, IKIMULISA LIVINGSTON and CHUCK BENNETT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 442 words


An administrator for the Long Island Rail Road was busted for taking a bribe
from a colleague to help him score a disability pension - the first in a long
line of rogues riding the "Gravy Train," authorities said yesterday.

Even before he cut the illicit deal, Fred Kreuder had his cohort give him a
portion of the bribe up front so he could give it to the beloved youth baseball
team he coaches, sources said.

"Today's arrest is the first time that someone is being held accountable for the
culture of entitlement and systemic abuse that plagued the LIRR and Railroad
Retirement Board," Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said of the ongoing
investigation.

Kreuder, the LIRR's manager of budget development and analysis, was suspended
last month when investigators began to zero in on him as a main facilitator of
the easily scored pensions.

He pleaded not guilty in Queens Criminal Court to felony and misdemeanor public
corruption charges.

He allegedly asked for $1,000 - but wanted $100 right off the bat, which he
earmarked for his championship-winning Bellmore Blue Demons. He filled out the
benefits paperwork for his cohort and referred him a doctor. He then expected
another $900 when the fraudulent application was approved, according to the
complaint.

Kreuder, 49, who was making $100,000 a year, coach 13-to-15-year-olds in the
national Babe Ruth League. His team won the league's World Series for its age
bracket in 2007 by defeating one from Hendrickson, Ky.

"It's yet to be seen whether or not the baseball team was used to funnel money,"
a source close to the investigation said.

The Blue Demons spend a few thousand dollars a year on food, travel, uniforms
and equipment.

Investigators with the New York Attorney General's Office said Kreuder, a
30-year LIRR veteran, exploited his inside knowledge of pension minutiae in a
scandal that may have cost taxpayers $250 million since 2000.

He was only charged with cutting a deal with one person, but authorities are
probing his interactions with numerous retirees over the years, sources said.

Nearly 100 percent of retiring LIRR workers received lucrative disability
benefits to go with their regular pensions by getting doctors to sign off on
nonexistent injuries.

Some raked in $35,000 a year from the disability payments alone.

Kreuder was arrested at home yesterday morning and released on his own
recognizance after arraignment.

"When the entire story comes out, specifically regarding what happened at the
railroad and, more importantly, what does not happen at the railroad, it'll be
clear just how heartbreaking today is," said Kreuder's attorney, William
Petrillo, said.

(p. 7 metro)

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DERAILED: The LIRR's Fred Kreuder leaves a Queens court after his
arraignment yesterday on charges he took a bribe to facilitate a phony request
for disability.  [James Messerschmidt]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             448 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Washington: Bergen County Doctor Convicted Of Taking Bribes In Test-Referral
Scheme With New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 1043 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A family doctor practicing in Bergen County, New Jersey, was convicted today of
all 10 counts of an indictment charging him with accepting bribes in exchange
for test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its
president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.



 Bernard Greenspan, 79, of River Edge, New Jersey, was convicted of one count of
conspiring to commit violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal Travel
Act and wire fraud; three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute;
three substantive violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three substantive
violations of wire fraud. Greenspan was convicted following a 11-day trial
before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls in Newark federal court. The jury
deliberated just over four hours before returning the guilty verdict.

 "We rightfully expect doctors to make their medical decisions based solely on
what's in the best interest of a patient," U.S. Attorney Fishman said. "Whether
they are dealing with a routine procedure or grappling with a potentially
serious condition, patients should never have to worry that a doctor has
violated that trust for personal greed. As we showed at trial - and the jury
agreed - Greenspan abused his position and broke a wide range of federal laws
when he accepted cash bribes and other illicit services in return for blood test
referrals to BLS."

 "Patients have every right to insist that their physician is making medical
referrals based on what is best for the patient--not what's best for the
doctor's bank account," said Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher of the
Newark FBI Field Office. "Bernard Greenspan decided to accept bribes in exchange
for referrals and deprived patients of their right to honest services. These
types of kickback arrangements cripple the healthcare industry and severely
impact patient care. The FBI remains committed to investing its resources to
combat these types of schemes."

 According to the indictment and testimony at trial, between March 2006 and
April 2013, Greenspan received bribes totaling approximately $200,000 from BLS
employees and associates. Greenspan periodically solicited and received monthly
bribe payments in the form of sham rental, service agreement, and consultant
payments.

 In addition, Greenspan solicited and received other bribes, including payment
for holiday parties for Greenspan and his office staff and additional cash
bribes for ordering specific blood tests. In addition, BLS hired - at
Greenspan's specific request -a patient of Greenspan's with whom he was having a
sexual relationship. Greenspan's referrals generated approximately $3 million in
lab business for BLS.

 The investigation has thus far resulted in 43 convictions - 29 of them of
doctors - in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case.

 "This verdict should serve as a warning to any health care provider that dares
to put personal profit ahead of proper patient care," said Scott J. Lampert,
Special Agent in Charge, Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services. "HHS-OIG, along with our law enforcement partners, will
continue to aggressively pursue those who seek to undermine the federally funded
health care programs intended for our most vulnerable Americans."

 "Dr. Greenspan violated the Hippocratic Oath taken by medical professionals
when he pledged to 'come for the benefit of the sick, remaining free of all
intentional injustice," said Inspector in Charge James V. Buthorn of U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, Newark Division. "The culture of kickbacks and bribery have
no place in our healthcare system, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service was
proud to do our part, working with our law enforcement partners to ensure
justice was served today. Congratulations on the successful outcome to the
agents and prosecutors who untiringly worked on investigating this case and
preparing for trial."

 The investigation has recovered more than $12 million through forfeiture. On
June 28, 2016, BLS, which is no longer operational, pleaded guilty and was
required to forfeit all of its assets.

 The conspiracy, Anti-Kickback, and Federal Travel Act counts are each
punishable by a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison. The wire
fraud charges are punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in
prison per count. Each count also carries a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the
gross gain or loss from the offense. Greenspan's sentencing is scheduled for
June 20, 2017.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Gallagher; inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection
Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Buthorn; IRS-Criminal
Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D.
Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Lampert with
the ongoing investigation.

 The government was represented at trial by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N.
Minish and Danielle Alfonzo Walsman of the U.S. Attorney's Office Health Care
and Government Fraud Unit in Newark.

 U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $1.32 billion in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

 Defense counsel: Damian Conforti Esq. and Eric Kanefsky Esq., Newark, NJ


LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             449 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 7, 2015 Friday

Attorney: Intermediary approached Acosta regarding bribe

BYLINE: Ford Turner, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


Aug. 07--Reading, PA

An attorney for former City Council President Francis G. Acosta said Thursday it
was an intermediary for Reading Mayor Vaughn D. Spencer who proffered the $1,800
bribe that was discovered by investigators and led to Acosta's guilty plea to a
conspiracy charge.

The intermediary who approached Acosta about the bribe was Samuel Ruchlewicz,
according to attorney Robert E. Goldman.

Ruchlewicz worked for a political consulting company operated by Michael Fleck,
whose dealings in Allentown and Reading appear to be a focus in the ongoing
federal probe.

"The money, the $1,800 that came to Francis, came via Sam Ruchlewicz, who was an
associate in Fleck's firm," Goldman said.

Two sources said Ruchlewicz received a target letter from the FBI as part of the
investigation.

A target letter is sent to someone who is likely to be indicted, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Manual.

Ruchlewicz was unavailable Thursday.

Acosta abrupty resigned from office on Wednesday, and Goldman said Acosta was
filled with remorse.

"He knows he let the people of Reading down," said Goldman, who has offices in
Allentown and Doylestown. "He is trying to do whatever efforts he can to redeem
himself."

Those efforts, Goldman said, include helping the federal government in its
ongoing investigation of political corruption in the region.

Acosta, 39, pleaded guilty Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia to
one count of conspiracy involving the bribe.

Court documents said Acosta agreed to accept $1,800 from a person identified in
the documents as "Public Official #1" in exchange for using his council post to
work to repeal city rules pertaining to, among other things, limits on political
fundraising.

The documents said the $1,800 would be used as campaign funds for a person
identified only as "Public Official #2" and described as an ally of Acosta.

On Thursday, Goldman identified Spencer as Public Official #1 and Rebecca
Acosta, Francis Acosta's wife and president of the Reading School Board, as
Public Official #2.

An attorney for Spencer, Geoffrey Johnson of Jenkintown, said he would not
comment on the investigations. Rebecca Acosta could not be reached on Thursday.

She was running for a district judge position in the May primary election at the
time of the bribery scheme.

Goldman said there was no allegation in the material related to the federal case
against Francis Acosta that his wife was involved in any criminal activity
regarding the campaign contribution.

Before news of Acosta's guilty plea and resignation became known Wednesday,
leaders in Reading and Allentown were continuing to wait for the next step in a
federal grand jury investigation that led to a raid on City Hall in Allentown on
July 2 and at City Hall in Reading -- and Spencer's residence -- on July 10.

Goldman said the charges to which Acosta pleaded guilty are not related to the
investigation in Allentown.

Contact Ford Turner: 610-371-5037 or fturner@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2015 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150807-RE-Attorney-Intermediary-approached-Acosta-regarding-bribe
-0807-20150807

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2015 Reading Eagle


                             450 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 6, 2015 Thursday

Attorney: Intermediary approached Acosta regarding bribe

BYLINE: Ford Turner, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 519 words


Aug. 06--Reading, PA

An attorney for former City Council President Francis G. Acosta said Thursday it
was an intermediary for Reading Mayor Vaughn D. Spencer who proffered the $1,800
bribe that was discovered by investigators and led to Acosta's guilty plea to a
conspiracy charge.

The intermediary who approached Acosta about the bribe was Samuel Ruchlewicz,
according to attorney Robert E. Goldman.

Ruchlewicz worked for a political consulting company operated by Michael Fleck,
whose dealings in Allentown and Reading appear to be a focus in the ongoing
federal probe.

"The money, the $1,800 that came to Francis, came via Sam Ruchlewicz, who was an
associate in Fleck's firm," Goldman said.

Two sources said Ruchlewicz received a target letter from the FBI as part of the
investigation.

A target letter is sent to someone who is likely to be indicted, according to
the U.S. Attorney's Manual.

Ruchlewicz was unavailable Thursday.

Acosta abrupty resigned from office on Wednesday, and Goldman said Acosta was
filled with remorse.

"He knows he let the people of Reading down," said Goldman, who has offices in
Allentown and Doylestown. "He is trying to do whatever efforts he can to redeem
himself."

Those efforts, Goldman said, include helping the federal government in its
ongoing investigation of political corruption in the region.

Acosta, 39, pleaded guilty Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia to
one count of conspiracy involving the bribe.

Court documents said Acosta agreed to accept $1,800 from a person identified in
the documents as "Public Official #1" in exchange for using his council post to
work to repeal city rules pertaining to, among other things, limits on political
fundraising.

The documents said the $1,800 would be used as campaign funds for a person
identified only as "Public Official #2" and described as an ally of Acosta.

On Thursday, Goldman identified Spencer as Public Official #1 and Rebecca
Acosta, Francis Acosta's wife and president of the Reading School Board, as
Public Official #2.

An attorney for Spencer, Geoffrey Johnson of Jenkintown, said he would not
comment on the investigations. Rebecca Acosta could not be reached on Thursday.

She was running for a district judge position in the May primary election at the
time of the bribery scheme.

Goldman said there was no allegation in the material related to the federal case
against Francis Acosta that his wife was involved in any criminal activity
regarding the campaign contribution.

Before news of Acosta's guilty plea and resignation became known Wednesday,
leaders in Reading and Allentown were continuing to wait for the next step in a
federal grand jury investigation that led to a raid on City Hall in Allentown on
July 2 and at City Hall in Reading -- and Spencer's residence -- on July 10.

Goldman said the charges to which Acosta pleaded guilty are not related to the
investigation in Allentown.

Contact Ford Turner: 610-371-5037 or fturner@readingeagle.com

TODAY'S SPONSOR:

___ (c)2015 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150806-RE-Attorney-Intermediary-approached-Acosta-regarding-bribe
-0806-20150806

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2015 Reading Eagle


                             451 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                      May 27, 2015 Wednesday 10:54 PM GMT

Bribe upon bribe upon bribe: how Fifa and its cronies carved up football;
· US district court alleges massive corruption including $10m payment · American
Chuck Blazer allegedly received $750,000 bribe · Concacaf president Jeffrey Webb
accused over alleged $3m bribe

BYLINE: David Conn

SECTION: FOOTBALL

LENGTH: 1235 words

The case against Jack Warner

The US district court alleges massive corruption by Warner within its
prosecution of 14 people, including serving and former high-ranking Fifa
officials and sports marketing company executives alleged to have paid bribes.

As president from 1990 of the Confederation of North, Central America and
Caribbean Association Football (Concacaf) and a Fifa executive committee (exco)
member, Warner from the early 1990s "began to leverage his influence and exploit
his official positions for personal gain", the indictment alleges. His demand
for and receipt of bribes, the authorities allege, was a key part of a 24-year
racketeering and bribery conspiracy, dating from 1991 to 2015, which led to
"endemic corruption" of Fifa itself.

Most extraordinary in a 164-page indictment is an alleged $10m payment
transferred by Fifa to Caribbean Football Union (CFU) accounts that Warner
controlled, in return for Warner, Chuck Blazer and an unnamed third Fifa exco
"conspirator" voting for South Africa to host the 2010 World Cup. The indictment
alleges the South African government initially offered to make this payment to
the CFU, with a stated purpose to "support the African diaspora".

From this $10m, Warner is alleged to have agreed to pay $1m to Blazer - who,
according to the US Department of Justice, has pleaded guilty to this and a
series of other financial frauds and crimes.

Ultimately, the South African government is said to have been unable to pay the
$10m, so in early 2008, four years after the offer was made, the money is
alleged to have been paid by Fifa. Three payments are itemised: for $616,000,
then $1.6m, then the balance, $7.784m, wired from a Fifa account in Switzerland
to CFU and Concacaf Bank of America accounts controlled by Warner.

The indictment alleges: "Soon after receiving these wire transfers, the
defendant Jack Warner caused a substantial portion of the funds to be diverted
for his personal use," which included laundering the money through
intermediaries.

Warner is accused of agreeing to pay Blazer's $1m share in instalments "as he
had already spent it". In the event, he paid Blazer $750,000, in three
instalments between 2008 and 2011, allegations to which Blazer is said to have
pleaded guilty.

The indictment also charges Warner over the infamous payments of $40,000 packs
of cash to Caribbean delegates in 2011 by Mohamed bin Hammam, who was
challenging Sepp Blatter for the Fifa presidency. Warner, discovering that one
official had called Blazer at Concacaf to tell him about the payments, is
alleged to have become angry and said: "There are some people here who think
they are more pious than thou. If you're pious, open a church, friends. Our
business is our business."

Warner, whose sons Daryll and Daryan have pleaded guilty to separate charges,
has insisted he is innocent and has not been questioned in relation to the
indictment.

The case against Jeffrey Webb

Webb, based in the Cayman Islands, became Concacaf president, a Fifa
vice-president and exco member in May 2012, after Warner resigned following the
scandal over the $40,000 payments.

Webb has been seen as a clean-up figure and potential successor to Sepp Blatter
for the Fifa presidency but the US indictment accuses him of brazen corruption,
being paid bribes that went into building a swimming pool at his house. The
bribes are alleged to have been paid by the sports marketing company Traffic
USA, in return for being awarded TV and marketing rights for the Caribbean
countries' qualifying matches in the 2018 and 2022 World Cups. Webb is said to
have wanted a $3m bribe in return for ensuring the CFU did that deal with
Traffic. The indictment alleges Aaron Davidson, the president of Traffic Sports
USA, another of the 14 men charged, knew about the bribe.

The $3m payment is alleged to have been arranged with another of the defendants,
Costas Takkas, a UK citizen and the general secretary of the Cayman Islands
Football Association, who is described as a close associate of Webb. Takkas is
said to have been paid by instalments into various accounts, including in the
Cayman Islands, intended it is alleged, "to conceal the fact the defendant
Jeffrey Webb was the beneficiary of the payment".

Takkas is accused of wiring some of the money to an account of his in Miami.
Then, the indictment alleges: "Takkas subsequently transferred the funds to an
account in the name of a swimming pool builder at United Community Bank in
Blairsville, Georgia [USA], for the benefit of the defendant Jeffrey Webb, who
was having a pool built at his residence."

Webb is understood to have been arrested by Swiss authorities in Zurich for
extradition to the US, where authorities have stressed defendants are innocent
until proven guilty in court.

The case against Chuck Blazer

Blazer, the Concacaf general secretary for 21 years between 1990 and 2011, is
said to have pleaded guilty in 2013 to 10 counts including racketeering
conspiracy, wire fraud conspiracy, money laundering conspiracy, income tax
evasion from 2005-2010, and failure to file reports of his foreign bank
accounts. The Department of Justice said he faces a maximum 20 years'
incarceration in a US prison for the conspiracies, 10 for the failure to declare
his foreign bank accounts, and five years for the tax evasion charges.

Blazer was accused of soliciting a bribe for Warner as long ago as 1992, from
the bid committee seeking to have Morocco selected as the host for the 1998
World Cup. Warner is said to have accepted the offer of a bribe in return for
voting for Morocco, and Blazer chased it up for him. The payment was ultimately
made, the indictment says, but in fact Fifa's exco voted for France to host the
1998 tournament.

Blazer is said to have also pleaded guilty to receiving $750,000 from Jack
Warner, part of Blazer's agreed $1m share of the $10m paid to Warner's accounts
by Fifa itself, after Warner agreed to vote for South Africa to host the 2010
World Cup.

The charge of failing to declare a foreign bank account relates to money Blazer
held during 2010 at First Caribbean International Bank, in the Bahamas. He has
already forfeited $1.9m when he pleaded guilty, and is due to pay more to the
authorities when he is sentenced.

The case against Traffic and its owner, José Hawilla

José Hawilla, who founded and owned the sports marketing company Traffic, based
in São Paulo, is said to have pleaded guilty to paying bribes relating to the
sponsorship of the Brazil national team by "a major US sportswear company". The
deal, under which the Brazil Football Federation (CBF) would be paid $160m over
10 years, is said to have been agreed in 1996. That was the year that Traffic
brokered the famous sponsorship by Nike of the CBF but Nike is not actually
named in the papers.

The indictment alleges Hawilla was paid a percentage of the $160m, which bought
the sportswear company exclusive rights to make Brazil shirts, clothing and
other equipment. Hawilla is said to have pleaded guilty to paying a
high-ranking, unnamed CBF official half his commission, totalling "in the
millions", by way of bribe and kickback for sealing the deal.

Nike itself issued a statement in response to the revelations, saying: "Nike
believes in ethical and fair play in both business and sport, and strongly
opposes any form of manipulation or bribery. We have been cooperating, and will
continue to cooperate, with the authorities."

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGNS


  Copyright 2015 The Guardian, a division of Transcontinental Media Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             452 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      June 3, 2015 Wednesday 10:31 PM GMT

Fifa whistleblower Chuck Blazer admits conspiring to accept bribes during 1998
and 2010 World Cup bidding processes;
Former Fifa executive committee member Blazer says he and others also accepted
bribes and kickbacks for broadcast rights to football cups spanning nearly 10
years

BYLINE: By Christopher Bucktin

SECTION: NEWS,UK NEWS

LENGTH: 930 words


South Africa deny 10m dollar bribe for their World Cup in 2010

Fifa whistleblower Chuck Blazer has admitted conspiring with others to accept
bribes during the World Cup bidding processes in 1998 and 2010.

The American was a key member of Fifa's executive committee until 2013 before he
turned supergrass as part of plea deal with US prosecutors.

He was compelled to become an informer for the FBI and American tax inspectors
after they uncovered more than a decade of unpaid taxes on hidden, multi-million
dollar incomes.

He was arrested in 2011 as he made he way down a Manhattan street in his
mobility scooter.

Sources say he was given an ultimatum on the sidewalk to either help prosecutors
or face a lengthy prison sentence.

Tonight the transcript of his appearance the Eastern Disctrict court in New York
in November 2013 was made public for the first time after a judge agreed to seal
the proceedings at the time of his appearance.

As he was being questioned about his role in Fifa he admitted he has and several
others agreed to accept bribes ever since 1993.

Blazer told the court: "Beginning in or about 1993 and continuing through the
early 2000s, I and others agreed to accept bribes and kickbacks in conjunction
with the broadcast and other rights to the 1996, '1998, 2000, 2002, and 2003
Gold (World) Cups.

"Beginning in or around 2004 and continuing through 2011, I and others on the
Fifa executive committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the
selection of South Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup.

"Among other things, my actions described above had common participants and
results."

His evidence indicates widespread corruption among officials at the tournaments
in America, France, South Korean and Japan, Germany and South Africa.

While giving evidence Blazer also detailed how he hid the money that funded his
lavish lifestyle using accounts in the Caribbean.

He told Judge Raymond J Dearie: "Between December 2008 and May 2011 , I and
others agreed to and transmitted funds by wire transfer and checks from places
within the United States to places in the Caribbean, and from places in the
Caribbean to places in the United States.

"I agreed to and took these actions to, among other things, promote and conceal
my receipt of bribes and kickbacks.

"I knew that the funds involved were the proceeds of an unlawful bribe, and I
and others used wires, e-mails, and telephone to effectuate payment of and
conceal the nature of the bribe.

"Funds procured through these improper payments passed through JFK Airport in
the form of a check."

As part of the deal with prosecutors Blazer, who once weighed 32 stone, is
reported to have become a confidential informant for the FBI and the America
inland revenues, the IRS.

During one meeting at a London hotel in 2012 with several Fifa executives and
others overseeing the football for the London Olympics he is alleged to have
thrown his cars causally down on to the table as the meeting began.

Unbeknown to others the key fob contained an FBI listening device which recorded
all the conversation.

Following his arrest Blazer, now 70 and reportedly suffering from colon cancer,
pleaded guilty to counts of racketeering, wire fraud conspiracy, money
laundering, income tax evasion and a failure to file a report of foreign bank
accounts.

He also forfeited more than $1.9m (£1.2m) at the time of his deal and has agreed
to pay a second amount to be determined at the time of sentencing in the future.

South Africa has confirmed it gave $10 million (£6.5 million) meant to help pay
for the 2010 World Cup to a football official indicted last week in the United
States, but said the payment was not a bribe as US prosecutors allege.

Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula confirmed the contents of a leaked letter from
the South African Football Association, which said money originally intended for
organising the 2010 World Cup had been paid directly to former FIFA vice
president Jack Warner.

But Mbalula said the payment was never intended as a bribe to secure the right
to host the 2010 tournament, as described in the US indictment.

It was given as a donation to support the building of a soccer centre for people
of African descent in the Caribbean, he said.

"We categorically deny our country and government bribed anyone to receive the
right to host the 2010 World Cup," Mbalalu told a packed news conference.

"It was an approved programme and we can't understand why this is now
interpreted as a bribe."

Warner, the Trinidadian former head of soccer's governing body for the Caribbean
and North and Central America, CONCACAF, is one of 14 officials and businessmen
indicted last week in a US fraud investigation that has engulfed global soccer.

The US indictment says South Africa paid him $10 million as a bribe to secure
the right to host the 2010 World Cup.

FIFA, the sport's global governing body, has confirmed that it paid that sum to
the Caribbean Football Union, a body then headed by Warner, out of funds
originally earmarked to South Africa to help it host the tournament.

Sports ministry director general Alec Moemi, also at the news conference, said:
"We gave the money unconditionally.

"Jack Warner was the leader of CONCACAF and the Caribbean Football Union, and a
man of good standing."

Last week's US Justice Department indictment alleged that Warner and other
CONCACAF members of FIFA's executive committee sought to share the money in
return for their votes.

It details how $750,000 (£489,000) was paid to former CONCACAF general secretary
Blazer, who was also on the FIFA executive at the time.

Blatter steps down

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             453 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                      June 3, 2015 Wednesday 10:31 PM GMT

Fifa whistleblower Chuck Blazer admits conspiring to accept bribes during 1998
and 2010 World Cup bidding processes;
Former Fifa executive committee member Blazer says he and others also accepted
bribes and kickbacks for broadcast rights to football cups spanning nearly 10
years

BYLINE: By Christopher Bucktin

SECTION: SPORT,SOCCER,SOCCER NEWS

LENGTH: 930 words


South Africa deny 10m dollar bribe for their World Cup in 2010

Fifa whistleblower Chuck Blazer has admitted conspiring with others to accept
bribes during the World Cup bidding processes in 1998 and 2010.

The American was a key member of Fifa's executive committee until 2013 before he
turned supergrass as part of plea deal with US prosecutors.

He was compelled to become an informer for the FBI and American tax inspectors
after they uncovered more than a decade of unpaid taxes on hidden, multi-million
dollar incomes.

He was arrested in 2011 as he made he way down a Manhattan street in his
mobility scooter.

Sources say he was given an ultimatum on the sidewalk to either help prosecutors
or face a lengthy prison sentence.

Tonight the transcript of his appearance the Eastern Disctrict court in New York
in November 2013 was made public for the first time after a judge agreed to seal
the proceedings at the time of his appearance.

As he was being questioned about his role in Fifa he admitted he has and several
others agreed to accept bribes ever since 1993.

Blazer told the court: "Beginning in or about 1993 and continuing through the
early 2000s, I and others agreed to accept bribes and kickbacks in conjunction
with the broadcast and other rights to the 1996, '1998, 2000, 2002, and 2003
Gold (World) Cups.

"Beginning in or around 2004 and continuing through 2011, I and others on the
Fifa executive committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the
selection of South Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup.

"Among other things, my actions described above had common participants and
results."

His evidence indicates widespread corruption among officials at the tournaments
in America, France, South Korean and Japan, Germany and South Africa.

While giving evidence Blazer also detailed how he hid the money that funded his
lavish lifestyle using accounts in the Caribbean.

He told Judge Raymond J Dearie: "Between December 2008 and May 2011 , I and
others agreed to and transmitted funds by wire transfer and checks from places
within the United States to places in the Caribbean, and from places in the
Caribbean to places in the United States.

"I agreed to and took these actions to, among other things, promote and conceal
my receipt of bribes and kickbacks.

"I knew that the funds involved were the proceeds of an unlawful bribe, and I
and others used wires, e-mails, and telephone to effectuate payment of and
conceal the nature of the bribe.

"Funds procured through these improper payments passed through JFK Airport in
the form of a check."

As part of the deal with prosecutors Blazer, who once weighed 32 stone, is
reported to have become a confidential informant for the FBI and the America
inland revenues, the IRS.

During one meeting at a London hotel in 2012 with several Fifa executives and
others overseeing the football for the London Olympics he is alleged to have
thrown his cars causally down on to the table as the meeting began.

Unbeknown to others the key fob contained an FBI listening device which recorded
all the conversation.

Following his arrest Blazer, now 70 and reportedly suffering from colon cancer,
pleaded guilty to counts of racketeering, wire fraud conspiracy, money
laundering, income tax evasion and a failure to file a report of foreign bank
accounts.

He also forfeited more than $1.9m (£1.2m) at the time of his deal and has agreed
to pay a second amount to be determined at the time of sentencing in the future.

South Africa has confirmed it gave $10 million (£6.5 million) meant to help pay
for the 2010 World Cup to a football official indicted last week in the United
States, but said the payment was not a bribe as US prosecutors allege.

Sports Minister Fikile Mbalula confirmed the contents of a leaked letter from
the South African Football Association, which said money originally intended for
organising the 2010 World Cup had been paid directly to former FIFA vice
president Jack Warner.

But Mbalula said the payment was never intended as a bribe to secure the right
to host the 2010 tournament, as described in the US indictment.

It was given as a donation to support the building of a soccer centre for people
of African descent in the Caribbean, he said.

"We categorically deny our country and government bribed anyone to receive the
right to host the 2010 World Cup," Mbalalu told a packed news conference.

"It was an approved programme and we can't understand why this is now
interpreted as a bribe."

Warner, the Trinidadian former head of soccer's governing body for the Caribbean
and North and Central America, CONCACAF, is one of 14 officials and businessmen
indicted last week in a US fraud investigation that has engulfed global soccer.

The US indictment says South Africa paid him $10 million as a bribe to secure
the right to host the 2010 World Cup.

FIFA, the sport's global governing body, has confirmed that it paid that sum to
the Caribbean Football Union, a body then headed by Warner, out of funds
originally earmarked to South Africa to help it host the tournament.

Sports ministry director general Alec Moemi, also at the news conference, said:
"We gave the money unconditionally.

"Jack Warner was the leader of CONCACAF and the Caribbean Football Union, and a
man of good standing."

Last week's US Justice Department indictment alleged that Warner and other
CONCACAF members of FIFA's executive committee sought to share the money in
return for their votes.

It details how $750,000 (£489,000) was paid to former CONCACAF general secretary
Blazer, who was also on the FIFA executive at the time.

Blatter steps down

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             454 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 6, 2015 Friday

Washington: Former State Senate Leader Malcolm Smith and Queens GOP Leader
Vincent Tabone Found Guilty in White Plains Federal Court of Bribery and Fraud
Charges Connected to 2013 NYC Mayor's Race

LENGTH: 965  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
and Thomas P. Zugibe, the Rockland County District Attorney, announced that
former New York State Senate leader MALCOLM SMITH was found guilty in federal
court of bribing New York City Republican leaders, including Queens County
Republican Party Vice Chairman VINCENT TABONE, who was also convicted of
receiving bribes, to allow SMITH, a Democrat, to run as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013. SMITH was also found guilty of extortion for
his role in obtaining New York State funding for a real estate project in Spring
Valley, New York, in exchange for cash bribes paid on his behalf to the New York
City Republican Party chairmen. In addition, TABONE was convicted of witness
tampering when he attempted to persuade former Queens County Republican Party
Chairman Philip Ragusa not to testify against him. The two were convicted after
a four-week jury trial before U.S. District Judge Kenneth M. Karas.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "As the jury unanimously found, the
give-and-take of the political process should not be the giving and taking of
bribes, which is what Malcolm Smith and Vincent Tabone tried to make it. Smith
gave, and Tabone took, a $25,000 cash bribe to permit Smith to run for New York
City Mayor as a Republican. Smith and Tabone were not alone in this
scheme--Smith also bribed Daniel Halloran, another Republican Party official.
And sadly, this was just one of many pockets of corruption this Office has
uncovered in New York, which has become the 'show me the money' state. It should
not be asking too much to expect public officials at least to obey the law. This
Office will continue the vigorous prosecution of political corruption until
every public official understands that violating the public trust will likely
land you in prison."

Rockland County District Attorney Thomas P. Zugibe said: "The facts put forth at
this trial and the resulting verdict clearly display how official corruption can
potentially impact our system of government and how it can be stopped. I'd like
to thank the United States Attorney's Office for taking this case to a
successful conclusion and I commend our federal partners and the members of my
staff for their efforts. I look forward to future success in rooting out
corruption through the continued efforts of the United States Attorney's Office,
the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Rockland County District Attorney's
Office through our Public Corruption Task Force."

According to the Complaint and the Indictment filed in federal court and the
evidence presented at trial:

The Bribery and Extortion Schemes

SMITH was first elected to the New York State Senate in November 2000, and
represented a district within Queens, New York. He was Chairman of the
Independent Democratic Conference of the State Senate and, among other
positions, has served as the State Senate's minority and majority leader and
acting lieutenant governor. From November 2012 through April 2, 2013, SMITH
agreed with former New York City councilman Daniel Halloran, who was convicted
in a separate trial, and an undercover FBI agent posing as a wealthy real estate
developer (the "UC"), and a cooperating witness ("CW") to bribe New York City
Republican Party county leaders, including TABONE, in exchange for their
authorization for SMITH to appear as a Republican candidate for New York City
Mayor in 2013, even though SMITH is a registered Democrat.

SMITH participated in two overlapping criminal schemes that involved the payment
of bribes to obtain official action. First, SMITH authorized the payment of
$110,000 in cash bribes to be paid to leaders of the New York City Republican
Party, including TABONE, so that they would allow SMITH to run for mayor on the
Republican Party's ballot line. Second, SMITH agreed to use his influence to
help steer at least $500,000 in New York State transportation funding to a real
estate project the UC and CW had proposed to develop in Spring Valley, New York,
in exchange for the UC and CW paying bribes on SMITH's behalf to the New York
City Republican Party Chairs.

In furtherance of the scheme, SMITH authorized the UC and the CW to meet TABONE,
the Executive Vice Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party, Joseph
Savino, the Chairman of the Bronx County Republican Party, and other party
leaders. During a meeting with the UC, TABONE accepted a $25,000 cash bribe in a
dimly lit SUV parked in front of a Manhattan restaurant and agreed to accept
another $25,000 after his committee authorized SMITH to compete in the
Republican primary. Savino similarly accepted a $15,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $15,000 after he voted to authorize SMITH to compete for the
Republican ballot line. In return for his efforts in negotiating the bribes,
Daniel Halloran accepted $15,500 as a down payment on a "broker's" fee of at
least $75,000 and expected to be appointed First Deputy Mayor if Smith was
elected mayor.

Witness Tampering

Shortly before the start of a previously scheduled trial, the Government sought
permission from the Court to take the deposition of Philip Ragusa, the former
Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party. Ragusa, who was gravely ill at
the time, was expected to testify favorably to the Government. Over TABONE's
objections, the Court ordered the deposition to take place. An hour before the
scheduled start of the deposition, TABONE unexpectedly appeared at Ragusa's home
and attempted to pressure Ragusa not to testify against him.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             455 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 14, 1989, Friday, Late City Final Edition

17 Restaurant Workers Are Accused of Bribery

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 900 words


An undercover investigation dubbed ''Operation Takeout'' has led to the arrest
of 17 owners, managers and other employees of 13 restaurants in New York City on
charges of paying bribes to investigators posing as health inspectors, city
officials said yesterday.

In a six-month inquiry, sleuths wired to hidden tape-recorders were given sums
from $40 to $100 each to overlook unsanitary conditions that violated city
health codes, officials said. Some suspects said the cash was for coffee, lunch,
drinks or gifts, the officials said, while others openly called them bribes to
insure that no violations were written.

The charges of bribe-giving were a direct outgrowth of an earlier investigation
of bribe-takers, which was spotlighted by a highly publicized incident last year
in which Mayor Edward I. Koch was booed by hundreds of city inspectors for
urging them to turn in dishonest colleagues. Some ended up coming forward and
generated the present inquiry.

Released Without Bail

The suspects - the owners or employees of seven Chinese takeout establishments,
two Indian restaurants and four other eateries - were arrested Wednesday and
yesterday at places of business in Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens and the Bronx.
All were charged with felonies and were released without bail at arraignments in
their boroughs.

''With the active assistance of honest inspectors, field associates and the
public, the Department of Investigation can vigorously pursue those persons in
the private sector who would place the public health and safety at risk for
their own gain,'' Kevin B. Frawley, the city's Commissioner of Investigation,
said in announcing the arrests.

Last year's operation by the department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation
led to the arrest and conviction of 46 bribe-takers who were employed as
supervisors and inspectors by the city's Health Department.

Mayor Koch, whose administration has been beset by corruption scandals, was
jeered by hundreds of city inspectors at an auditorium in Brooklyn last Sept. 16
when he vowed to prosecute corrupt inspectors and urged them to turn in
dishonest colleagues.

'A Second Obligation'

Speaking to 3,000 inspectors of the Fire, Buildings, Health, Ports, Housing,
Transportation and Sanitation Departments, as well as the Taxi and Limousine
Commission, the Mayor said every city employee who took a bribe belonged in
jail, and added, ''You have a second obligation not only to be honest, but to
turn in those who are not.''

After booing the Mayor, many inspectors contended that they had been unfairly
singled out in ''Operation Kitchen Net,'' while restaurant owners and employees
who paid bribes escaped justice. But some health inspectors volunteered
information that led to the new investigation.

Outlining the current inquiry, Commissioner Frawley said investigators were
trained in inspectional methods and posed as health inspectors at 52
establishments where the public had complained of unsanitary conditions or
inspectors had reported being offered bribes.

Bribes were given at 15 of those places, Mr. Frawley said. While arrests had
been made at only 13 establishments, he said, the inquiry was continuing and at
least four other arrests were expected.

Thirteen of those arrested were charged with third-degree bribery, punishable by
up to seven years in prison and a $5,000 fine; three others were charged with
two counts of that offense, and one suspect was charged with rewarding official
misconduct, which carries four years in jail and a $5,000 fine. One of them was
also charged with giving unlawful gratuities, a misdemeanor with a penalty of
one year and a $1,000 fine.

Mr. Frawley said these were the suspects and their establishments:

Ming Fang Zhang, the owner, and King Chan, an employee, of the Golden Dragon
Restaurant, 43 Belmont Avenue, Brooklyn. Each was charged with one count of
bribery and Mr. Chan was also charged with giving unlawful gratuities.

Chun Chen Cheng, owner of the Sun Huan Restaurant, 241 Rogers Avenue, Brooklyn,
and a juvenile employee, each charged with one count of bribery.

Kin Kwok Cheng, an employee of New Tend Restaurant, 1918 Church Avenue,
Brooklyn, one count of bribery.

Esther Lo, manager of Hing Wah Restaurant, 113-12 Queens Boulevard, Forest
Hills, Queens, one count of rewarding official misconduct.

Lee Wing Bun, manager of Tung Hing Kitchen, 125-18 Liberty Avenue, Richmond
Hill, Queens, one count of bribery.

Nur Ahmed, manager of Gaylord's Restaurant, 87 First Avenue, one count of
bribery.

Monirul Islam, a waiter at the Rose of India Restaurant, 308 East Sixth Street,
two counts of bribery.

Peter Tully, a manager of Costello's Restaurant, 225 East 44th Street, one count
of bribery.

Tom Katsaros, the owner, and Steve Nicolakakos, the manager, of Gracie's
Kitchen, 352 East 86th Street, each charged with one count of bribery.

Aladin Habib, owner of Commissary Coffee Shop, 159 Eighth Avenue, two counts of
bribery.

Peter Lee, owner and manager of Shera's Coffee Shop, 258 East 161st Street, the
Bronx, two counts of bribery.

Tim Kwan Cheung, manager of Tung Sing Kitchen, 649 Allerton Avenue, the Bronx,
one count of bribery.

Bing Quan Le and Bing Kin Li, employees of Yee Chun Restaurant, 1133 Boston Post
Road, the Bronx, each charged with one count of bribery.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: List

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                             456 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Corrections Officer Sentenced to 18 Months in Prison for Accepting Cash
Bribes

LENGTH: 399  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

TRENTON, NJ--An Essex County corrections officer was sentenced today to 18
months in prison for his involvement in a scheme to smuggle marijuana, cell
phones and tobacco into the Essex County Correctional Facility, a federal
pretrial detention facility, in exchange for cash bribe payments, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Stephon Solomon, 27, of Irvington, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of conspiring to commit extortion under color of
official right. Judge Cooper imposed the sentence today in Trenton federal
court.

According to the documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

On multiple occasions between October 2013 and May 2014, Solomon, a corrections
officer at the Essex County Correctional Facility, smuggled contraband -
including cell phones, tobacco, and marijuana - to Quasim Nichols, 29, a federal
pretrial detainee, in exchange for cash bribes. Darsell Davis, 29, and Dwayne
Harper, 30, friends of Nichols, aided in the smuggling scheme by collecting the
contraband to be smuggled into the facility. Solomon received the contraband and
cash bribes from Davis and then smuggled the contraband to Nichols, who
ultimately sold some of the marijuana and cell phones to other inmates. The
inmates purchasing marijuana and cell phones from Nichols had their friends and
family pay for the items by sending Western Union money transfers to Nichols,
who enlisted Davis and others to retrieve those payments for him.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Cooper sentenced Solomon to three years of
supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and investigators with the
Internal Affairs Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the
leadership of Warden Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to today's
sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in New Jersey.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             457 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday

Ex-governor of Illinois convicted of corruption;
Blagojevich found guilty of trying to personally benefit from official acts

BYLINE: BY MONICA DAVEY AND EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO

ABSTRACT

A jury found Rod R. Blagojevich guilty of 17 counts of wire fraud, attempted
extortion, soliciting bribes, conspiracy to commit extortion and conspiracy to
solicit and accept bribes.

FULL TEXT

A jury has convicted Rod R. Blagojevich, the former governor of Illinois, of a
broad pattern of corruption, including charges that he tried to personally
benefit from his role in selecting a replacement for President Barack Obama in
the U.S. Senate.

Mr. Blagojevich, a Democrat, was found guilty Monday of most of the 20 counts
against him under U.S. law: 17 counts of wire fraud, attempted extortion,
soliciting bribes, conspiracy to commit extortion and conspiracy to solicit and
accept bribes.

The verdict appeared to be the conclusion to the spectacle of Mr. Blagojevich's
political career, which began its spiraling descent shortly after Mr. Obama was
elected president in November 2008. A month after Election Day, Mr. Blagojevich,
who was in his second term as governor and under state law was required to name
a senator to replace Mr. Obama, was arrested, and U.S. agents revealed that they
had secretly recorded hundreds of hours of damaging phone calls by him and his
advisers.

Mr. Blagojevich, a lawyer and former state and U.S. lawmaker, was accused of
trying to secure campaign contributions, a cabinet post or a high-paying job in
exchange for his official acts as governor - whether picking a senator,
supporting particular legislation or deciding how to spend state money. He was
acquitted on one charge of bribery, and the jury deadlocked on two counts of
attempted extortion, but convictions came on the bulk of the counts and on those
related to the Senate seat - the claims that had drawn international headlines.

The outcome was a victory for U.S. government prosecutors, whose earlier trial
had resulted in a deadlocked jury on most counts and had led people to wonder
whether Mr. Blagojevich's behavior would ultimately be deemed just crass
political deal-making or a lot of wishful, blustery talk.

Issuing their verdicts on the 10th day of deliberations, jurors said the
accusations related to selling the Senate seat had been the clearest and easiest
to resolve, in part because of the audio recordings of Mr. Blagojevich's
telephone calls. In the end, the jurors - 11 women and 1 man, all of whom
declined to provide their names to reporters - said they believed they had sent
a loud signal to corrupt Illinois politicians, past and future.

Mr. Blagojevich's impeachment, removal from office and evolution into a punch
line on late-night television threatened the Democratic Party's hold on the
state, created an outcry to overhaul lax state campaign finance and public
records laws and led to added scrutiny of some of this city's best-known
politicians, including Mr. Obama, Rahm Emanuel, the president's former chief of
staff and now Chicago's mayor, and Representative Jesse L. Jackson Jr.

The scandal also reaffirmed an image that Illinois had long wished to shed: Mr.
Blagojevich appears likely to be the state's fourth governor since the 1970s to
be imprisoned, including one for acts committed after leaving office.

The father of two girls, Mr. Blagojevich, 54, was released until sentencing. His
lawyers have until next month to pursue a new trial. The most serious of the
counts carry penalties of as much as 20 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             458 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Former President Of The Nicaraguan Soccer Federation And FIFA Development
Officer Pleads Guilty To Racketeering And Corruption Charges

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Eastern District of New York
has issued the following news release:



  Earlier today in federal court in Brooklyn, Julio Rocha pleaded guilty to
racketeering conspiracy and wire fraud conspiracy in connection with his receipt
of bribes in exchange for his awarding contracts for the media and marketing
rights to FIFA World Cup qualifier matches.  Rocha, the president of the
Nicaraguan soccer federation (FENIFUT) from 1998 to 2012, was the FIFA
development officer for Central America and the Spanish-speaking Caribbean at
the time of his arrest in Zurich, Switzerland on May 27, 2015.  As part of his
plea, Rocha also agreed to forfeit over $292,000.  At sentencing, Rocha faces a
maximum sentence of 20 years for each count.  Today's plea proceeding took place
before United States District Judge Pamela K. Chen.





 The guilty plea was announced by Robert L. Capers, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York; William F. Sweeney, Jr., Assistant Director in
Charge, FBI, New York Field Office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Anthony
J. Orlando, IRS Criminal Investigation, Los Angeles Field Office.



 According to court filings and facts presented during the plea proceeding,
Rocha negotiated and accepted bribes totaling over $150,000 in exchange for
exercising his influence as the president of FENIFUT to award a Florida sports
marketing company named Traffic Sports USA, Inc. (Traffic) a contract for the
media and marketing rights to the Nicaraguan national soccer team's home World
Cup qualifier matches for multiple editions of the World Cup, including the 2014
and 2018 editions.  These bribes were transmitted from U.S. bank accounts, often
through intermediaries, to accounts Rocha controlled.  After he stepped down as
president of FENIFUT and was employed by FIFA as a development officer, Rocha
attempted to facilitate Traffic's negotiations with a high-ranking FENIFUT
official for the rights to Nicaragua's World Cup qualifier matches for the 2022
edition of the World Cup in an effort to receive for himself a portion of any
bribe money paid for those rights.



 In addition, Rocha used his position as FENIFUT president to further enrich
himself through other schemes, including one in which he took kickbacks from a
Miami company that he had contracted with on behalf of FENIFUT for the purpose
of obtaining assistance in securing corporate sponsorships for the federation.



 The guilty plea announced today is part of an investigation into corruption in
international soccer being led by the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern
District of New York, the FBI New York Field Office, and the IRS-CI Los Angeles
Field Office.  The prosecutors in Brooklyn are receiving considerable assistance
from attorneys in various parts of the Justice Department's Criminal Division in
Washington, D.C., including the Office of International Affairs, the Organized
Crime and Gang Section, the Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section, and
the Fraud Section, as well as from INTERPOL Washington.



 Assistant U.S. Attorneys Evan M. Norris, Paul Tuchmann, Keith D. Edelman, and
Brian D. Morris of the Eastern District of New York are in charge of today's
prosecution.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             459 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Texas: Enforcement Week IV: The XYZ Deferred Prosecution Agreement in the UK

LENGTH: 1351  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    I continue my exploration of anti-corruption enforcement with a slight
detour across the pond to visit the recent Deferred Prosecution Agreement (DPA)
awarded in the UK Crown Court at Southwark, entitled Redacted Approved Judgment
(Judgment), in the matter of an un-named company, designated as 'XYZ Limited'
(XYZ). The Judgment was issued on July 8, 2016.





 Aficionados of American (and perhaps French) history will immediately recognize
the reference of the XYZ Affair between the US and France in 1797, which led to
the "Quasi-War" between the countries. I found it fitting as a name for the
company in this Judgment as the XYZ Affair turned on the demand of a bribe
payment by the French Minister Talleyrand as a quid pro quo for American
diplomats to meet and negotiate with him. Three successive French diplomats,
Baron Jean-Conrad Hottinguer (X), Pierre Bellamy (Y), and Lucien Hauteval (Z),
made this demand to three US commissioners sent to Paris to negotiate a peace
treaty between the countries. The Americans refused the bribe and a short but
intense naval war ensued. Talleyrand eventually dropped his demand that a bribe
be paid to him and reached a peace treaty with America.



 It was a bribery demand that led to the XYZ Affair and it was the payment of
bribes that led to the DPA granted to XYZ. The bribery scheme outlined in the
Judgment was the "euphemisms for bribes" that were used throughout company
correspondence to signify bribery and corruption. The bribery scheme involved
corrupt agents and other third parties who received payments "described as
"fixed commission", "special commission" and "additional commission"" beyond
their standard remuneration.



 Also of interest was the Court's notation of the income and eventual profits to
XYZ, which the Judgment stated were "taken together, in the period 2004-2013, a
total of &pound;17.24 million was paid to XYZ on the 28 implicated contracts on
which bribes were offered. This sum represented 15.81% of the total turnover of
XYZ in the period (being &pound;109 million). The total gross profit from the
implicated contracts amounted to &pound;6,553,085 out of a total gross profit of
&pound;31.4 million (i.e. 20.82%). XYZ estimates a net profit of approximately
&pound;2.5 million in respect of the implicated contracts."



 XYZ's US parent, ABC Corporation, implemented a corporate compliance program in
2011 and during this initial implementation period, the bribery scheme was
discovered. Subsequently, XYZ self-disclosed the illegal conduct to the UK
Serious Fraud Office (SFO). The company turned over its internal investigation
in 2013 and then the SFO conducted its own investigation until 2016.



 The Court went through a very detailed analysis about why it should accept a
DPA and reduced fine and penalty in a section entitled "The Interests of
Justice". There were several factors laid out which are rather un-typical in the
Department of Justice's (DOJ's) DPA program, even under the Pilot Program. While
noting the seriousness of XYZ's conduct and the length the bribery scheme was
employed, the Court put some amount of weight into the fact it was the agents
and third parties, who in large part, suggested the bribery scheme and not the
company. Here the Court wrote, "there is no question but that XYZ spiralled into
criminality as a result of the conduct of a small number of senior executives
bending to the will of agents." The Court also noted the change in XYZ's culture
by stating, "It is clear that XYZ in its current form is effectively a different
entity from that which committed the offence."



 XYZ was assessed a financial penalty of &pound;352,000, together with a
disgorgement of profits at the amount of &pound;6,201,085 (&pound;1,953,085 to
be paid by the American parent). The disgorgement amount will be paid over five
years. The Judgment specifically took into account the ability of XYZ to pay the
financial penalty as one of the factors that led to the Court accepting this
amount. The length of the DPA was set to be "until the earlier of 31 December
2020, or such time after 31 December 2018 but before 31 December 2020, as the
financial terms have been fully met."



 Laura Dunseath, writing in a thebriberyact.com  blog, entitled "Opinion: SFO's
second DPA - A moderate step in the right direction. Could do better", felt "The
XYZ DPA has achieved a very welcome step back in the right direction, but it
still does not go far enough to truly accomplish the Government's stated aims of
incentivizing companies to self-report and co-operate with the authorities."
However, for any US practitioner who negotiates a DPA, the Court oversight in
the UK is very different. The Court's lengthy recitation of the facts, the law,
the negotiations and even the Court's own questioning of the parties and their
counsel, demonstrates a level of judicial oversight not seen on this side of the
pond.



 Dunseath is concerned that there are not enough incentives under the SFO
interpretation of the Bribery Act penalties to fully encourage companies to come
forward and self-report. Her concern was based upon the prior DPA and a
sentencing that she believed sent out mixed incentives to companies. Under the
first UK DPA, involving Standard Bank, the fine was calculated using a
multiplier of 300% from a range of 250 - 400%, and a discount of only 33% which
is on a par with the discount usually applied to a guilty plea at the first
opportunity. Next was the sentence involving the Sweett Group, "where its
financial penalty was proportionately lower since it was calculated using a 250%
multiplier along with the 33% discount; and the proceeding against them were
concluded at the sentencing hearing, and they are not subject to any on-going
conditions such as the monitoring of their compliance programme or cooperation
with on-going proceedings."



 She believed the SFO "sought to redress the balance and offer some advantage
beyond the avoidance of criminal conviction" in the XYZ DPA, noting, "The fine
was calculated using the 250% multiplier and a discount of 50% was applied
rather than 33% in recognition of the fact that further discount should be given
when a defendant not only pleads guilty, but brought the matter to the attention
of the authorities in the first place. The financial status of the company and
the impact that the fine would have on its future ability to trade was fully
considered, and the fine was accordingly reduced to prevent the company being
forced into insolvency."



 In a SFO Press Release, Director David Green said, "The decision as to whether
to force a company into insolvency must be balanced with the level and nature of
co-operation and this case provides a clear example to corporates." Further,
comments from Green highlighted the differences between the DPA practice in the
US from that in the UK. In the US, DPA as private agreements between the parties
and a court has no legal basis to do anything other than rubber stamp a DPA
presented to it. In its statement, the SFO noted, "A DPA is not a private plea
"deal" or "bargain" between the prosecutor and the company. It is a way in which
a company accounts for its alleged offending to a criminal court, and can have
no effect until a judge confirms in open court that the DPA is in the interests
of justice and that its terms are fair, reasonable and proportionate."



 I find the last statement to accent the largest difference between the UK and
US practice with regard to DPAs. In the US, it is a private agreement,
negotiated between the parties and no judicial input. In the UK, there is not
only judicial oversight but also, more importantly, judicial input. While I
recognized the Second Circuit has made clear that charging decisions are within
the sole discretion of prosecutors, this level of judicial oversight and review
go a long way towards assuring justice is accomplished in the UK.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             460 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Former Post Office Manager Sentenced in Bribe Scheme

LENGTH: 656  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

U.S. District Judge Ellen L. Hollander sentenced former U.S. Postal Service
station manager Richard Lewis Wright, III, age 47, of Baltimore, today to 40
months in prison followed by three years of supervised release for bribery in
connection with a scheme to obtain U.S. Postal Service contracts in exchange for
bribe payments. Judge Hollander also entered an order that Wright forfeit and
pay restitution of $501,791.

The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Paul Bowman of the U.S.
Postal Service Office of Inspector General; and Special Agent in Charge Stephen
E. Vogt of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

According to his plea agreement and court documents, Wright was the USPS station
manager of the Waverly Station in Baltimore. Co-defendant Kimberly Parnell was
the USPS station manager of the Pikesville Station in Pikesville, Maryland. As a
station manager, Wright and Parnell had authority to contract for landscaping,
snow removal and cleaning services at the post offices they managed, and bill
those services to USPS for payment.

Beginning in 2007 for Wright and 2010 for Parnell, and continuing until July
2013, Wright and Parnell created, approved and submitted inflated invoices for
maintenance work allegedly performed at their post offices. They split the
proceeds with the providers of the services, including Shane Anderson and
others.

For example, Wright and Parnell initially accepted bribes from a co-conspirator
who owned a landscaping company. In July 2013, after becoming increasingly
frustrated with the co-conspirator's slow payment of bribes, Parnell recruited
Shane Anderson, who operated a landscaping company in Baltimore called Youthful
Minds Lawn Care. The co-conspirators agreed that Wright and Parnell would submit
inflated invoices from Youthful Minds Lawn Care for landscaping services in
exchange for a percentage of the proceeds paid to Youthful Minds by the USPS.

Similarly, beginning in August 2010, Wright also solicited and received bribes
from Ladeena Sketers-Anderson, who operated Keep U Clean cleaning service.
Sketers-Anderson received USPS payments, approved by Wright for services
allegedly provided at Wright's Post Office. Sketers-Anderson then issued checks
to a cleaning company owned by Wright, which Wright cashed.

In all, Wright submitted $591,791 worth of invoices in exchange for bribes.

Kimberly A. Parnell, age 44, and Shane Anderson, age 38, both of Baltimore, and
Ladena D. Sketers-Anderson, age 47, of Randallstown, Maryland, previously
pleaded guilty to their roles in the scheme. Parnell, who admitted to
submitting$50,470 worth of invoices in exchange for bribe payments, was
sentenced to 20 months in prison. Both Shane Anderson and Ladena
Sketers-Anderson were sentenced to 15 months in prison.

The National Procurement Fraud Task Force was formed in October 2006 to promote
the early detection, identification, prevention and prosecution of procurement
fraud associated with the increase in government contracting activity for
national security and other government programs. The Procurement Fraud Task
Force includes the United States Attorneys' Offices, the FBI, the U.S.
Inspectors General community and a number of other federal law enforcement
agencies. This case, as well as other cases brought by members of the Task
Force, demonstrates the Department of Justice's commitment to helping ensure the
integrity of the government procurement process.

United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the USPS-Office of Inspector
General and FBI for their work in the investigation. Mr. Rosenstein thanked
Assistant United States Attorney Leo J. Wise, who prosecuted the case.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             461 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 7, 2009 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

2 Plead Guilty in Bus Fraud Case

BYLINE: By PAUL VON ZIELBAUER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 400 words


Two former City Education Department inspectors pleaded guilty on Friday to
taking bribes from school bus companies in exchange for favorable treatment,
including overlooking safety violations and falsifying records that allowed the
companies to overbill the city.

The former inspectors, Neil Cremin, 61, of Queens, and Ira Sokol, 70, of
Brooklyn, pleaded guilty in Federal District Court in Manhattan to one count
each of receiving bribes -- ranging from a few hundred to tens of thousands of
dollars a year --from the mid-1990s until at least 2003, according to the United
States attorney's office in Manhattan.

''Mr. Sokol is remorseful for his conduct,'' said his lawyer, Michael F.
Bachner. Eddie Hayes, a lawyer for Mr. Cremin, said his client took bribes of a
couple of thousand dollars a year over roughly a decade. Each man faces up to 10
years in prison at sentencing, scheduled for May.

All of the school bus companies accused of paying bribes to Mr. Cremin and Mr.
Sokol still hold contracts with the city, worth millions of dollars a year. In
October, federal prosecutors said that the two men took bribes from five
companies: Logan Bus, Rainbow Transit, Mar-Can Transportation, N.Q.T. Bus and
United Tom Tom Transportation. All either declined to comment Friday or did not
return phone calls.

Mr. Cremin and Mr. Sokol were indicted in May along with two other Education
Department inspectors: George Ortiz, 63, of the Bronx, and Milton Smith, 55, of
Tobyhanna, Pa. Mr. Ortiz and Mr. Smith are scheduled to stand trial this month
on charges of bribery and extortion. Prosecutors said at least 10 school bus
companies paid bribes over the years to the four inspectors and to eight other
Education Department employees named as co-conspirators in court documents.

The indictments were a result of an F.B.I. investigation  into payments by bus
company owners to union officials. Last month, the Education Department said it
had begun asking the bus companies to respond to the bribery allegations, but it
has suspended its inquiry until the federal investigation is complete.

Marge Feinberg, a department spokeswoman, declined to comment on the two guilty
pleas. But she said the department had assigned a new manager to the school bus
inspections unit, appointed two field supervisors and reduced the  length of
time between the announcement and the performance of inspections.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             462 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

Nelson 'wanted to be paid';
Key witness describes bribe at trial of JaxPort chairman

BYLINE: Paul Pinkham

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 649 words


Prosecutors got to the heart of their case Wednesday against former Jacksonville
Port Authority Chairman Tony Nelson, calling their star witness to testify about
how he bribed Nelson in exchange for his help with port business.

Lance Young, former president of an Orlando company that did dredging work at
the port, was on the witness stand nearly all day and will return this morning.
He told jurors how he and Nelson met in Young's skybox at a Jaguars game, how
Nelson demanded a bribe and how Young and his lobbyist conspired to conceal the
payments as consulting fees.

"I understand he's the vice chair of the Jacksonville Port Authority, and he can
be a lot of help to me," Young testified. He said he wouldn't have befriended
Nelson were he not in that position.

Young, 46, pleaded guilty in October to conspiracy to bribe a public official
and agreed to testify against Nelson and lobbyist Frank Bernardino. Young faces
up to five years in prison and $250,000 in fines when he is sentenced in August.

Nelson and Bernardino are on trial for 36 counts of bribery, money laundering,
mail fraud and conspiracy. Nelson faces an additional count of lying to the FBI
about his relationship with Young.

Young said he met Nelson in 2005 at a Jaguars game, and Nelson asked him for
four skybox tickets to the next game. The two began socializing at clubs and
restaurants, with Young usually paying. Young's company, Subaqueous Services,
was bidding for dredging work at the port, and he said Nelson was helping
Subaqueous get business.

In 2006, Young testified, Nelson told him he wanted to be on the Subaqueous
payroll. Young said he interpreted the statement as a bribe demand, without
which Nelson wouldn't continue to help the company.

"If he was going to make all these efforts, then he wanted to be paid for it,"
said Young, who admitted bribing a public works director in Opa Locka for work
there. "I thought it was ... a problem that could explode."

Nevetheless, he said he called Bernardino within hours and structured a plan to
pay the bribe money to Bernardino's lobbying group, which then would pay Nelson.
That way, Young said, they could hide the payments in his account with
Bernardino and conceal the bribes from Subaqueous staff.

Young said Bernardino was uncomfortable with the arrangement but agreed to it.
Bernardino and Nelson met and agreed on $8,500 monthly.

Defense lawyers have argued those were consulting fees, but Young testified
Nelson did no consulting work for him.

A year later, Young said he stopped paying Nelson because he was on the verge of
selling Subaqueous and didn't want the buyer to discover the bribe payments. He
said he got a phone call from Nelson.

" 'Why am I not getting paid,' " Nelson asked, according to Young. He said he
agreed to let the payments accrue until the sale, then pay Nelson a lump sum.

"It was much more tense than usual," Young testified. "He wasn't pleased, but he
didn't have much of a choice because that was the only option."

Prosecutors said the FBI was watching months later when Young handed Nelson a
check for $50,000 during a dinner at Ruth's Chris Steak House.

Young will return to the witness stand this morning to testify concerning
conversations between him and Nelson that were secretly recorded by the FBI.

Jurors also heard Wednesday from port procurement officer Louis Naranjo, who
told them about being summoned to a meeting at Nelson's downtown office in 2005.
He said Nelson angrily demanded Naranjo terminate a contract with another
dredger and suggested awarding it to Subaqueous.

"He was very loud. He was very agitated," Naranjo testified, adding that it was
highly irregular for a port staffer to be asked to meet with a board member off
premises.

But he also testified that the prior contractor had problems, including
allegations of falsified dredging reports and the accidental breach of a dike.

Paul Pinkham: (904) 359-4107

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Tony Nelson Former JaxPort chairman got $8,500 monthly in bribes, a witness
says.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                             463 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 27, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Newark Accuses Workers Of Insisting Upon Bribes

BYLINE: By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section B; Page 5; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 769 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, Aug. 26


Nearly two dozen Newark sanitation workers were arrested today and charged with
demanding bribes before they would pick up trash from some residents and
merchants, officials said. Three businessmen were also arrested, and a fourth
was being sought, on charges of paying bribes for illegal pickups, they said.

The arrests came after a two-year investigation into complaints by residents and
merchants who were entitled to municipal trash collection, said the city's
Mayor, Sharpe James. Newark police officers posing as merchants were solicited
by the sanitation workers for sums ranging from $5 to $40 at a time, the Mayor
said.

The undercover officers also posed as sanitation workers and were offered bribes
by businessmen who were not entitled to pickups, the Mayor said.

"These were not Christmastime tips," said Joseph J. Santiago, the Police
Director of Newark. He added that the investigation had documented 300 instances
in which payments had been solicited at 27 different locations. "These were
additional fees over and above what people pay in taxes that the sanitation men
were charging, or else they wouldn't pick it up," he said.

Mayor James said the practice had been pervasive and routine among many of the
350 full-time and part-time workers who make up the city's sanitation crews. He
said the workers had approached residents and had asked for payment to pick up
what they called an excessive number of items or particularly heavy garbage.

The Mayor added that the investigation had found no indication that Sanitation
Department supervisors and managers had participated in the schemes, but he said
they might have looked the other way when confronted with such practices.

Mayor James said that the investigation was continuing, and he would not
speculate on the possibility of more arrests.

The arrests of the workers began at 6 A.M. as they arrived for work at the
Sanitation Department garage in the city's South Ward. The workers were met by
police officers armed with arrest warrants and by judges who conducted bail
hearings at the garage.

Twenty workers were arrested and released on their own recognizance. The charges
ranged from extortion and official misconduct to conspiracy and soliciting
gifts. The workers were also suspended from their jobs pending administrative
hearings.

Warrants were also issued for four more current or former city workers. The
workers' salaries ranged from $10,774 a year for part-time refuse collectors to
$25,948 for truck drivers.

Three of the businessmen were arrested and released on their own recognizance
today, and the fourth was said to be out of the country. Mr. Santiago, the
Police Director, said that in one case a businessman had paid $40 a month for
the last six years to have his trash illegally collected. Businesses that are
not entitled to municipal trash collection include grocery stores, restaurants
and construction sites.

Officials at the Manhattan-based Local 6 of the International Union of
Industrial, Service, Transportation and Health Employees, which represents the
Newark sanitation workers, did not answer their telephone this afternoon.

Several merchants who said they had been approached for bribes in the past
agreed to describe their experiences only on condition of anonymity, because,
they said, they still feared retribution in the form of erratic trash pickups.

One store owner called the amount he was asked to pay "coffee money." He said
that when he had refused, his garbage was left at the curb for the next couple
of scheduled pickups.

"This was a couple of years ago, and once I resisted, they stopped asking for
money," the store owner said. "I'm in business, and I can't afford to have
problems with my trash pickup."

Another merchant said, "It wasn't a big deal," adding that he had periodically
paid bribes to keep garbage from piling up in front of his business and driving
customers away. "But I paid. But now everybody's getting mad and we won't pay
anymore."

Glenn A. Grant, Newark's business administrator, said that the city had
instituted a number of changes to prevent future abuses, including the tracking
of daily tonnage from city sanitation routes to establish a baseline or average
amount of trash. When the amount deviated significantly from the baseline, he
said, it would trigger investigations to determine whether there had been
illegal pickups and disposals.

Mayor James said that management reforms focused largely on making supervisors
and managers in the department more accountable for and vigilant toward the
behavior of those on sanitation routes.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Mayor Sharpe James of Newark said that the practice of seeking
bribes had been pervasive and routine among sanitation crews. He said that an
investigation was continuing. Police Director Joseph J. Santiago is at right.
The intersection of Ferry and Merchant Streets in Newark was a setting for
sanitationmen's demands for bribes to pick up trash, city authorities said.
Nearly 24 workers were arrested after a two-year investigation. (Photographs by
Linda Rosier for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             464 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Virginia Subcontractor Sentenced in Bribery Conspiracy

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former employee of a government contracting company, was sentenced today to 36
months in prison for conspiracy to bribe public officials at the United States
Navy Military Sealift Command.

United States Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of Virginia,
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Special Agent in Charge
Susan Triesch of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Norfolk Field
Office, and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field
Office made the announcement today after McPhail's sentencing before United
States Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

Michael P. McPhail, 49, pleaded guilty to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to commit bribery on Feb. 19 2014. According to his plea
documents, McPhail is a former employee of a Chesapeake, Virginia, government
contracting company, referred to as Company A, which sought contracting business
from the Military Sealift Command, the leading provider of transportation for
the United States Navy. At his plea hearing, McPhail admitted that from
approximately March 2005 to approximately January 2007, he personally
contributed approximately $45,000 of his salary toward bribe payments made to
two public officials working for the Military Sealift Command. McPhail further
admitted that he did so in an effort to unfairly and illegally influence those
public officials to provide favorable treatment to Company A in connection with
United States government contracting work. Specifically, McPhail and other
Company A employees, including Roderic J. Smith, Dwayne A. Hardman, and Adam C.
White, provided monthly cash bribes to two Military Sealift Command public
officials, Kenny E. Toy, the former Afloat Programs Manager for the Military
Sealift Command's N6 Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Systems
Directorate, and Scott B. Miserendino, Sr., a former government contractor. This
extensive bribery conspiracy spanned five years, involved multiple
co-conspirators and two different companies, and resulted in the payment of more
than $265,000 in cash bribes, among other things of value, to Toy and
Miserendino. Earlier this year, four other individuals pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme. On Feb. 12, 2014, Toy pleaded guilty to
accepting bribes from Company A employees. On Feb. 18, 2014, Hardman, the
co-founder of Company A, pleaded guilty to providing bribes to Toy and
Miserendino. On March 5, 2014, Smith, the former president of Company A, pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to bribe public officials. On April 4, 2014, White, a
former vice president of Company A, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit
bribery.

On June 23, 2014, United States District Judge Henry Coke Morgan sentenced Smith
to 48 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $175,000. On July 9, 2014,
Judge Smith sentenced Hardman to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit
$144,000. On July 11, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced White to 24 months in prison
and ordered him to forfeit $57,000. On July 29, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced Toy
to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $100,000.

On May 23, 2014, a grand jury in the Eastern District of Virginia indicted
Miserendino and Timothy S. Miller, a businessman whose company sought
contracting business from the Military Sealift Command. The indictment charges
Miserendino with one count of conspiracy to commit bribery, one count of
bribery, one count of conspiracy to commit obstruction of criminal
investigations and to commit tampering with a witness, and one count of
obstruction of criminal investigations. The indictment charges Miller with one
count of conspiracy to commit bribery and two counts of bribery. Trial is set
for Sept. 30, 2014, before United States Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach
Smith.

The charges contained in an indictment are merely accusations, and a defendant
is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI, DCIS, and NCIS. The case was prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the Eastern District of Virginia
and Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section (PIN).

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             465 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Former Virginia Subcontractor Sentenced in Bribery Conspiracy

LENGTH: 756  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former employee of a government contracting company, was sentenced today to 36
months in prison for conspiracy to bribe public officials at the United States
Navy Military Sealift Command.

United States Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of Virginia,
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Special Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Special Agent in Charge
Susan Triesch of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Norfolk Field
Office, and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field
Office made the announcement today after McPhail's sentencing before United
States Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach Smith of the Eastern District of
Virginia.

Michael P. McPhail, 49, pleaded guilty to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to commit bribery on Feb. 19 2014. According to his plea
documents, McPhail is a former employee of a Chesapeake, Virginia, government
contracting company, referred to as Company A, which sought contracting business
from the Military Sealift Command, the leading provider of transportation for
the United States Navy. At his plea hearing, McPhail admitted that from
approximately March 2005 to approximately January 2007, he personally
contributed approximately $45,000 of his salary toward bribe payments made to
two public officials working for the Military Sealift Command. McPhail further
admitted that he did so in an effort to unfairly and illegally influence those
public officials to provide favorable treatment to Company A in connection with
United States government contracting work. Specifically, McPhail and other
Company A employees, including Roderic J. Smith, Dwayne A. Hardman, and Adam C.
White, provided monthly cash bribes to two Military Sealift Command public
officials, Kenny E. Toy, the former Afloat Programs Manager for the Military
Sealift Command's N6 Command, Control, Communication, and Computer Systems
Directorate, and Scott B. Miserendino, Sr., a former government contractor. This
extensive bribery conspiracy spanned five years, involved multiple
co-conspirators and two different companies, and resulted in the payment of more
than $265,000 in cash bribes, among other things of value, to Toy and
Miserendino. Earlier this year, four other individuals pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme. On Feb. 12, 2014, Toy pleaded guilty to
accepting bribes from Company A employees. On Feb. 18, 2014, Hardman, the
co-founder of Company A, pleaded guilty to providing bribes to Toy and
Miserendino. On March 5, 2014, Smith, the former president of Company A, pleaded
guilty to conspiracy to bribe public officials. On April 4, 2014, White, a
former vice president of Company A, pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit
bribery.

On June 23, 2014, United States District Judge Henry Coke Morgan sentenced Smith
to 48 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $175,000. On July 9, 2014,
Judge Smith sentenced Hardman to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit
$144,000. On July 11, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced White to 24 months in prison
and ordered him to forfeit $57,000. On July 29, 2014, Judge Smith sentenced Toy
to 96 months in prison and ordered him to forfeit $100,000.

On May 23, 2014, a grand jury in the Eastern District of Virginia indicted
Miserendino and Timothy S. Miller, a businessman whose company sought
contracting business from the Military Sealift Command. The indictment charges
Miserendino with one count of conspiracy to commit bribery, one count of
bribery, one count of conspiracy to commit obstruction of criminal
investigations and to commit tampering with a witness, and one count of
obstruction of criminal investigations. The indictment charges Miller with one
count of conspiracy to commit bribery and two counts of bribery. Trial is set
for Sept. 30, 2014, before United States Chief District Judge Rebecca Beach
Smith.

The charges contained in an indictment are merely accusations, and a defendant
is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was investigated by the FBI, DCIS, and NCIS. The case was prosecuted by
Assistant U.S. Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the Eastern District of Virginia
and Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity
Section (PIN).

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             466 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 10, 2015 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Took bribes for his own welfare

BYLINE: BY Stephen Rex Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 101 words


A CITY welfare worker accepted bribes in exchange for thousands of dollars'
worth of food stamps, prosecutors say.

The Human Resources Administration staffer accepted the money from Sean
Nicholson, who pleaded guilty to conspiracy and bribery Monday, papers in
Manhattan Federal Court show.

The bribes began in August 2010, when Nicholson forked over $200 to the agency
employee in exchange for hundreds more in food stamps, documents charge. The
bribes continued until this year and added up to more than $5,000, prosecutors
said.

Nicholson was released on $20,000 bond and is due to be sentenced in September.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             467 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Contractor Sentenced to 19 Months in Prison for Attempting to Bribe
West New York, New Jersey, Official to Eliminate More Than $8.7 Million in Fire
Code Violations

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A West New York, New Jersey, man was sentenced today to 19 months in prison for
paying cash bribes to a West New York fire official to eliminate millions of
dollars in outstanding fines and penalties on buildings with fire code
violations, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Victor Coca, 50, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Esther
Salas to Count One and Count Two of an indictment charging him with paying
bribes to a local government employee. Judge Salas imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Coca was the owner and president of a general contracting company in West New
York. Two buildings in West New York had outstanding fines for fire code
violations. The first building, located on Bergenline Avenue and owned by a
friend of his, had approximately $14,500 in fines and penalties for outstanding
fire code violations. Coca agreed to pay a fire official for the West New York
Bureau of Fire Prevention, a witness who was voluntarily cooperating with
federal authorities, a $2,000 cash bribe to eliminate the outstanding fire code
fines and penalties. On March 27, 2014, Coca handed the fire official a $2,000
cash bribe.



 The second building, located on Hudson Avenue and partly-owned by Coca, had
more than $8.7 million in fines and penalties for outstanding fire code
violations. Coca paid a $5,000 cash bribe to the fire official in return for the
fire official purportedly reducing the amount due to the West New York Bureau of
Fire Prevention to the initial fine amount of $5,000.



 In addition to the prison term, Judge Salas sentenced Coca to two years of
supervised release.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Acting Special Agent in Charge Andrew Campi in Newark, with the investigation
leading to today's sentencing.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             468 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 25, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Contractor Sentenced to 19 Months in Prison for Attempting to Bribe
West New York, New Jersey, Official to Eliminate More Than $8.7 Million in Fire
Code Violations

LENGTH: 373 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A West New York, New Jersey, man was sentenced today to 19 months in prison for
paying cash bribes to a West New York fire official to eliminate millions of
dollars in outstanding fines and penalties on buildings with fire code
violations, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Victor Coca, 50, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Esther
Salas to Count One and Count Two of an indictment charging him with paying
bribes to a local government employee. Judge Salas imposed the sentence today in
Newark federal court.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Coca was the owner and president of a general contracting company in West New
York. Two buildings in West New York had outstanding fines for fire code
violations. The first building, located on Bergenline Avenue and owned by a
friend of his, had approximately $14,500 in fines and penalties for outstanding
fire code violations. Coca agreed to pay a fire official for the West New York
Bureau of Fire Prevention, a witness who was voluntarily cooperating with
federal authorities, a $2,000 cash bribe to eliminate the outstanding fire code
fines and penalties. On March 27, 2014, Coca handed the fire official a $2,000
cash bribe.



 The second building, located on Hudson Avenue and partly-owned by Coca, had
more than $8.7 million in fines and penalties for outstanding fire code
violations. Coca paid a $5,000 cash bribe to the fire official in return for the
fire official purportedly reducing the amount due to the West New York Bureau of
Fire Prevention to the initial fine amount of $5,000.



 In addition to the prison term, Judge Salas sentenced Coca to two years of
supervised release.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Acting Special Agent in Charge Andrew Campi in Newark, with the investigation
leading to today's sentencing.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             469 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 2, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

An Inspector Is Charged With Taking Bribes

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 133 words


An air quality inspector was arraigned yesterday on charges that he took bribes
for ignoring possible asbestos contamination at a World Trade Center job site.

The inspector, Latte Lawson, of Iselin, N.J., was arrested late Tuesday by the
Port Authority police after an undercover sting investigation and charged with
commercial bribe receiving and bribe receiving by a public official.

Mr. Lawson "allegedly promised to wink at any problems if he was slipped $400 a
week," said State Attorney General Dennis C. Vacco, whose office investigated
the case.

Mr. Lawson, 36, was arraigned before Judge Martin Murphy of Manhattan Criminal
Court, who released him without bail and scheduled his next court date for Sept.
8.

Mr. Lawson faces seven years in prison on each count if convicted.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             470 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

2 in Police Dept. Are Accused of Taking Bribes From Bars

BYLINE: By ASHLEY SOUTHALL

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 376 words


A New York City police lieutenant and a detective took bribes from the owners of
karaoke bars in Queens in exchange for advance warning of police inspections and
raids, according to criminal complaints made public on Tuesday.

The two also intervened to keep customers from being arrested for using drugs on
the premises and to help the clubs avoid summonses for violations, according to
the complaints, which were filed in the Queens County Criminal Court. They
directed officers to release suspects or issue desk tickets, and place the wrong
addresses on violations, the complaints said.

The two men, Lt. Robert Sung, 50, and Detective Yatyu Yam, 37, have been
arrested and charged with receiving bribes and misconduct. They have been
suspended from the police force, and face up to 15 years in prison.

The charges stem from a joint investigation by the Police Department's Internal
Affairs Bureau and the office of the Queens district attorney, Richard A. Brown.
The investigation stretches back at least two years and focuses on the
relationships between club owners and police officers of the 109th Precinct in
Flushing. More criminal charges are expected, Mr. Brown's spokesman, Kevin R.
Ryan, said.

''Instead of upholding the law, the defendants are now charged with tarnishing
their N.Y.P.D. badges to unjustly enrich themselves,'' Mr. Brown said in a
statement.

The defendants' lawyer, James Moschella, did not return a phone call seeking
comment on Tuesday.

Detective Yam, a 10-year police veteran, was arrested on Monday and charged with
bribe receiving in the second degree, indicating that he is believed to have
taken more than $10,000 from the club owners. In the complaint against him, Sgt.
Darrell Owens wrote that the owner of two clubs paid Detective Yam $2,000 a
month for three years for protection of his karaoke clubs, which included
warning of police raids and enforcement at the clubs.

Lieutenant Sung was arrested on Tuesday. He has been charged with bribe
receiving in the third degree and an additional charge of obstructing
governmental administration in the second degree.

Both men were also charged with receiving a reward for official misconduct and
official misconduct. They were ordered to appear in court on Dec. 22.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/09/nyregion/2-in-new-york-police-dept-are-accused
-of-taking-bribes-from-bar-owners.html

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             471 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Two New Jersey Doctors Sentenced to Prison for Taking Bribes in Test-Referrals
Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 530  words


Two New Jersey doctors were each sentenced today to prison for accepting bribes
in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its
president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.


Wayne Lajewski, 51, of Madison, New Jersey and Glenn Leslie, 60, of Ramsey, New
Jersey, were sentenced to 14 months and 24 months in prison, respectively.
Lajewski and Leslie previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Stanley
R. Chesler to separate informations charging them each with one count of
accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentences today in Newark federal
court.
Including Lajewski and Leslie, 37 people-24 of them physicians-have pleaded
guilty in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted
involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in
payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The
investigation has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:
Lajewski admitted he accepted cash bribes of $2,000 per month over two years in
return for referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received more
than $850,000. Leslie admitted accepting $5,000 per month in return for
referring patient blood specimens to BLS, for which BLS received $380,000.
In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced both Lajewski and Leslie
to one year of supervised release and fined them $10,000 each. As part of their
guilty pleas, Lajewski must forfeit $48,000 and Leslie must forfeit $350,000.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's sentencings.
The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.  U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care
fraud practice at the New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking
office, including creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit
to handle both criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care
fraud offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in
health care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines,
restitution and forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act and other statutes. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             472 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 6, 2007 Tuesday

Fleeing refugees denied help by anti-terror act;
EVENT FOCUSES ON THOSE FORCED TO AID U.S. FOES

BYLINE: Jessie Mangaliman, Mercury News

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 579 words


Some provided rice and water to rebels. A kindergarten teacher in Afghanistan
paid a bribe to the Taliban. A Sierra Leone woman had sex with her captors.

To the U.S. government, their actions raise the suspicion that they're a threat
to national security.

But an event tonight at Santa Clara University will tell a different story: They
are desperate refugees from around the world -- from Afghanistan, Burma, Cuba,
Iraq and Tibet -- caught in a conundrum called ``material support,'' a
government label that deems them, in effect, supporters of terrorist groups and
denies their entry into the United States as refugees.

Refugees and their advocates will read the stories of those who have fled their
own countries after being forced -- under threat of injury and death -- by
terror groups to serve as sexual slaves or pay bribes in countries in Asia, the
Middle East and Africa. The groups, some fighting for democracy in
military-ruled regimes, have been designated terror groups by the Department of
Homeland Security.

``On its face, it sounds like a group of people we should be worried about,''
said Alison Parker, senior researcher at Human Rights Watch in San Francisco.
``But these refugees were forced to give under duress.''

The Burmese ethnic minorities gave rice and water to rebels fighting a military
junta. The teacher paid a bribe to flee persecution. And the Sierra Leone woman
was forced to be a sex slave by rebel groups.

The provision in the USA Patriot Act of 2001 is meant to prevent terrorists and
their supporters from entering the United States. But international refugee
groups said that law, and its broad application by the government, has resulted
in denying sanctuary to victims of terrorism such as the sister of Hashmatullah
Rustam, a San Jose resident and a refugee from Afghanistan.

Rustam's sister, Foziya Rustam, 32, a kindergarten teacher, paid a bribe to
Taliban officials in order to flee the ruling Taliban in Afghanistan almost
seven years ago.

Now Foziya Rustam, her two children and her husband have been stuck in a refugee
camp in Uzbekistan for almost seven years, unable to join her brother in San
Jose because, in effect, she and her family have been designated by DHS as
supporters of a terrorist group.

Russ Kanocke, spokesman for DHS in Washington, D.C., said ``there certainly is
progress'' in expanding the list of groups that could be excluded from the
``material support'' designation, so that many more refugees can enter the
United States.

DHS is now working with the State Department to include additional groups from
Burma, Tibet and Cuba. The Hmongs and the Montagnards, two tribes from Laos that
helped the U.S. military during the Vietnam War, are likely to be included soon.

``Our country has a legacy of being a humanitarian nation to those seeking
refuge,'' Kanocke said, ``and we're deeply committed to upholding that
tradition.

``But in a post-9/11 world,'' he said, ``we have to be absolutely certain who we
are admitting into this country.''

Ellen Dumesnil, division director at Catholic Charities, one of the sponsors of
the event, said she hopes the readings will raise awareness and lead to a
solution.

``This reflects the status of human rights in our country,'' said Abiya Ahmed,
spokeswoman for the Bay Area Council on American-Islamic Relations. ``That law
is leaving behind the victims of terrorism, the victims who are most at risk.''

Contact Jessie Mangaliman at jmangaliman@ mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5794.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             473 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                September 13, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Car Dealer's Guilty Plea Adds to Corruption Taint

BYLINE: By THOMAS J. LUECK

SECTION: Section 1; Page 56; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 780 words


For more than 20 years, rumors and accusations have floated around the Town of
Brookhaven, L.I., about corruption and cozy relations between local officials
and favored developers.

Last week, the rumors took on new credibility with the court admission by John
McNamara, a car dealer, that he had engaged in a scheme to defraud General
Motors of $6 billion in loans and used some of the money to bribe Brookhaven
officials to gain approvals for real-estate ventures.

Mr. McNamara had been a man of huge influence in Brookhaven during the 1980's.
He owned the township's largest auto dealership, was one of its largest
developers, published a local newspaper, and cultivated a reputation as a
philanthropist while contributing heavily to Republican Party candidates.

Bribes of Cash and Cars

But in his plea bargain, Mr. McMamara said he had gone way beyond routine
campaign contributions. In describing what he called bribes, he told the court
he had dispensed cash, steep discounts on new cars, and other favors among
township officials in exchange for support of his zoning and development
applications. No details were made public on which applications by Mr. McNamara
received questionable treatment.

Federal law-enforcement officials have not identified any of the suspected bribe
-takers, nor have they said how much money may have been involved in the bribes.

Although no one had expected the scope of the charges, some longtime observers
of Long Island government said it was business as usual in Brookhaven.

"There have always been fair-haired developers in Brookhaven, and McNamara
really had the magic touch," said Lee E. Koppelman, executive director of the
Long Island Regional Planning Association, who was director of planning for
Suffolk County until 1988.

He said charges of political corruption had been common in the township for
decades, and the Suffolk County Executive had threatened to seek an indictment
of the Brookhaven Supervisor for suspicious land-use decisions in the early
1960's.

Questionable Decisions

Repeatedly during the 1970's and 1980's, "land-use decisions in the township
have been extremely questionable," he said, and were criticized by Suffolk
County planners.

"It is one thing to have philosophical differences, but when you see decisions
that are so obviously bad planning it raises serious questions," he said.

Mr. McNamara's rise to prominence in Brookhaven came at a time when the
development scene was undergoing vast changes.

The largest township on Long Island -- it covers 300 square miles, about the
same as New York City, and runs from the Long Island Sound to the Atlantic Ocean
-- Brookhaven had been a sleepy outpost too far from Manhattan to attract many
commuters until 1980.

Then came a decade of exurban development, soaring housing prices, and rich
rewards for those who could build fast enough to meet the demands of a
generation willing to commute more than an hour to work.

'Where the Action Was'

"Suddenly, Brookhaven was where the action was," said Edwin Schwenk, executive
director of the Long Island Builders Institute, a trade group. As pressures of
conservation and development collided, he added, it became inevitable that "good
old American politics would become part of the scene" in gaining zoning changes
and other approvals.

The case against Mr. McNamara extends beyond simple bribery. As part of his
scheme, he admitted fraud in obtaining $6 billion in loans from the General
Motors Acceptance Corporation, and using part of the proceeds to invest in real
estate, gold mines and other interests.

He faces up to 20 years in prison and more than $800 million in fines, but said
he would help the Government investigate corruption in Brookhaven. In return,
the Government said, it may seek a more lenient sentence.

Still, to many in Brookhaven, Mr. McNamara's courtroom admissions confirmed what
had already been fervent suspicions.

In approving the developer's zoning and land-use requests, township officials in
the 1980's "turned a completely deaf ear to the community," said Maryilyn
England, president of the Open Space Council, a group in Brookhaven that opposed
Mr. McNamara.

"We couldn't believe it was possible for a planning board to be so unresponsive,
and now we know why," she added.

One particularly bitter confrontation came over Mr. McNamara's request to build
550 condominiums at the edge of a state forest preserve in Rocky Point. When 500
protesters turned out at a public hearing in July 1988, the township's
Supervisor, Henrietta Acampora, allowed them only 30 minutes to speak before the
developer's plan was summarily approved.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             474 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 9, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

LINDENAUER SAYS BRIBES FELL SHORT

BYLINE: By RICHARD J. MEISLIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 907 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, Oct. 8


Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, who has admitted taking more than $250,000 in graft
while deputy director of New York City's Parking Violations Bureau, testified
today that he was constantly being cheated by the businessmen from whom he
demanded bribes.

Mr. Lindenauer, the Federal Government's chief witness in its corruption case
against Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx Democratic leader, and four
co-defendants, made the assertion during cross-examination in his fifth day on
the stand in a Federal courtroom here.

''The bottom line is I never got the right amount,'' Mr. Lindenauer told the
jury. ''I was in no position to argue. I had discussed this with Donald
innumerable times.'' He was referring to Donald R. Manes, then the Queens
Borough President, who Mr. Lindenauer has said was his chief ally in the
corruption scheme at the parking bureau. Mr. Manes committed suicide last
spring.

''Donald told me, 'Geoff, they're always going to cheat and you're not in a
position where you can argue with them,' '' Mr. Lindenauer recalled. Instead,
Mr. Lindenauer said, he would adjust work assignments to give favorable
treatment to those companies ''that didn't give me any arguments or any
difficulty.''

Response to Defense Lawyer

Mr. Lindenauer's remarks came in response to questioning by Stephen E. Mahler,
the defense lawyer for Marvin H. Bergman, who was once Mr. Manes's law partner.

Mr. Mahler was trying to undermine Mr. Lindenauer's assertion that Mr. Bergman
paid bribes to Mr. Lindenauer while representing a debt-collection agency known
as AID Associates. He was questioning how Mr. Bergman could have paid him only
$500 to $600 - as Mr. Lindenauer had testified earlier - when, under the formula
Mr. Lindenauer was using for bribes, he should have paid about $7,000.

At another point in his testimony, Mr. Lindenauer said that after receiving a
bribe, he would go to Mr. Manes's office in Queens Borough Hall. Mr. Lindenauer
would point to his pocket, he said, and Mr. Manes ''knew'' what the subject of
the visit was. ''He would point to the bathroom,'' Mr. Lindenauer said,
referring to the private bathroom in Mr. Manes's office. ''I'd go in and count
the money. I'd give him half and I'd keep half.'' Mr. Manes, he said, ''never
asked me'' how much money was involved but would just take what he assumed was
half.

Mr. Mahler, in his cross-examination, recounted Mr. Lindenauer's history, asking
whether it was true that Mr. Lindenauer had fraudulently called himself
''doctor'' and worked as a psychotherapist from 1968 to 1974, first in an
institute operated by Jacob List, then on his own.

''That's correct,'' Mr. Lindenauer said.

''Then you went into retirement for a little bit, from 1974 to 1976 - any
problem with that?'' Mr. Mahler asked.

''That's correct,'' Mr. Lindenauer said.

'A Quarter of a Century'

Then, Mr. Mahler said, Mr. Lindenauer started taking bribes at the Parking
Violations Bureau, and continued to do so from 1979 to 1986. ''So now, actually,
you're celebrating a quarter of a century of committing frauds and deception, is
that correct?'' Mr. Mahler said.

David M. Zornow, an assistant United States attorney, was on his feet with an
objection, but Mr. Lindenauer replied quietly, ''That's correct.''

Defense lawyers also tried today to shake Mr. Lindenauer's assertion that he had
spent virtually all the money he had received through bribes and had turned over
the rest -about $3,300 - to the Government after he agreed to cooperate.

Larry Silverman, the lawyer for Lester N. Shafran, former director of the
parking bureau, wrote on a blackboard the amount of legitimate income that Mr.
Lindenauer and his wife reported on their income taxes from 1981 to 1985 - about
$526,000. Mr. Silverman subtracted, at the demand of the prosecution, the
$155,000 in taxes the Lindenauers paid, and then added back the amount of money
Mr. Lindenauer illegally took in bribes during that period - about $240,000. The
total was in excess of $600,000 in five years.

'Where's the Beef?'

''What we want to know,'' Mr. Silverman said, his voice rising, ''is where's the
beef? Where's the money, sir? How did you spend it?''

Mr. Lindenauer, as he did a few days ago, reported that it went for payments on
the mortgages on two homes, food, clothing, automobiles and several trips,
including a stay at the Pritikin diet institute in Pennsylvania, a two-week
motor trip through Maine and Nova Scotia, and at least one trip to California,
for which the air fare was paid by Bernard Sandow, the head of one of the
parking bureau's debt-collection agencies.

This afternoon, Mr. Lindenauer told how he had left his jacket in Mr. Shafran's
office with an envelope full of cash in the pocket, and how Mr. Shafran returned
it to him, remarking that there was an envelope in the pocket. Later, Mr.
Shafran asked him whether he was taking bribes from Mr. Sandow. Mr. Lindenauer
said he had denied it.

'How It Happened'

Mr. Silverman asked Mr. Lindenauer to show the court how Mr. Shafran came to
notice the envelope.

After Mr. Lindenauer was handed a white envelope, he sat down on a chair in the
middle of the well of the court, laid his jacket on the back of the seat and
tried, with limited success, to arrange it so that the envelope stuck out.

''If you could get me $5,000, maybe I can show you exactly how it happened,''
Mr. Lindenauer said, and the courtroom erupted in laughter.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             475 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    BBC Monitoring Asia Pacific - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday

China's Guangdong to blacklist businesses offering bribes

LENGTH: 321 words


Text of report in English by official Chinese news agency Xinhua (New China News
Agency)

Guangzhou, 22 March: Bribery and other illegal means of competition will mar a
company's credit standing, the market watchdog in the booming southern Chinese
province Guangdong has warned.

In its latest move to combat bribery in business, Guangdong Provincial Industry
and Commerce Administration has decided to blacklist businesses that disregard
the rules of fair play in open competitions by offering kickbacks, according to
the administration's press release on Wednesday.

Businesses that offer bribes will face "severe punishment", it said without
elaborating.

The crackdown will mainly target construction, land leasing, intellectual
property trading, medicine and government procurement sectors, it said.

China has declared war on business-to-business bribes this year. It is revising
laws and regulations and calling for concerted efforts from the government,
business circles as well as citizens to fight corruption which could become a
major threat to the country's investment environment.

Companies bidding for business in China sometime offer potential customers or
partners kickbacks ranging from cash and luxury goods to paid holiday travel.
Many companies believe that the practice is a "tacit rule" of the Chinese market
until a Los Angeles company was fined in the United States for paying bribes in
China.

DPC (Tianjin) Co. Ltd or DePu, the Chinese subsidiary wholly owned by the Los
Angeles-based Diagnostic Products Corp., had to pay 4.8m US dollars last May to
settle issues related to illegal write-offs that were used to hide the expense
of making bribes.

The company was found to have paid about 1.6m US dollars to doctors and others
in public hospitals and then recorded the payments as legitimate expenses while
the money was actually used to pay bribes.

Source: Xinhua news agency, Beijing, in English 1532 gmt 22 Mar 06

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2006 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             476 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 7, 2017 Tuesday

Bergen County Doctor Convicted Of Taking Bribes In Test-Referral Scheme With New
Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 1059 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Jersey has
issued the following news release:



  A family doctor practicing in Bergen County, New Jersey, was convicted today
of all 10 counts of an indictment charging him with accepting bribes in exchange
for test referrals as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by
Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its
president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Bernard Greenspan, 79, of River Edge, New Jersey, was convicted of one count of
conspiring to commit violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal Travel
Act and wire fraud; three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute;
three substantive violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three substantive
violations of wire fraud. Greenspan was convicted following a 11-day trial
before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls in Newark federal court. The jury
deliberated just over four hours before returning the guilty verdict.



 "We rightfully expect doctors to make their medical decisions based solely on
what's in the best interest of a patient," U.S. Attorney Fishman said. "Whether
they are dealing with a routine procedure or grappling with a potentially
serious condition, patients should never have to worry that a doctor has
violated that trust for personal greed. As we showed at trial - and the jury
agreed - Greenspan abused his position and broke a wide range of federal laws
when he accepted cash bribes and other illicit services in return for blood test
referrals to BLS."



 "Patients have every right to insist that their physician is making medical
referrals based on what is best for the patient--not what's best for the
doctor's bank account," said Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher of the
Newark FBI Field Office. "Bernard Greenspan decided to accept bribes in exchange
for referrals and deprived patients of their right to honest services. These
types of kickback arrangements cripple the healthcare industry and severely
impact patient care. The FBI remains committed to investing its resources to
combat these types of schemes."



 According to the indictment and testimony at trial, between March 2006 and
April 2013, Greenspan received bribes totaling approximately $200,000 from BLS
employees and associates. Greenspan periodically solicited and received monthly
bribe payments in the form of sham rental, service agreement, and consultant
payments.



 In addition, Greenspan solicited and received other bribes, including payment
for holiday parties for Greenspan and his office staff and additional cash
bribes for ordering specific blood tests. In addition, BLS hired - at
Greenspan's specific request -a patient of Greenspan's with whom he was having a
sexual relationship. Greenspan's referrals generated approximately $3 million in
lab business for BLS.



 The investigation has thus far resulted in 43 convictions - 29 of them of
doctors - in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case.



 "This verdict should serve as a warning to any health care provider that dares
to put personal profit ahead of proper patient care," said Scott J. Lampert,
Special Agent in Charge, Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services. "HHS-OIG, along with our law enforcement partners, will
continue to aggressively pursue those who seek to undermine the federally funded
health care programs intended for our most vulnerable Americans."



 "Dr. Greenspan violated the Hippocratic Oath taken by medical professionals
when he pledged to 'come for the benefit of the sick, remaining free of all
intentional injustice," said Inspector in Charge James V. Buthorn of U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, Newark Division. "The culture of kickbacks and bribery have
no place in our healthcare system, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service was
proud to do our part, working with our law enforcement partners to ensure
justice was served today. Congratulations on the successful outcome to the
agents and prosecutors who untiringly worked on investigating this case and
preparing for trial."



 The investigation has recovered more than $12 million through forfeiture. On
June 28, 2016, BLS, which is no longer operational, pleaded guilty and was
required to forfeit all of its assets.



 The conspiracy, Anti-Kickback, and Federal Travel Act counts are each
punishable by a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison. The wire
fraud charges are punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in
prison per count. Each count also carries a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the
gross gain or loss from the offense. Greenspan's sentencing is scheduled for
June 20, 2017.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Gallagher; inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection
Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Buthorn; IRS-Criminal
Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D.
Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Lampert with
the ongoing investigation.



 The government was represented at trial by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N.
Minish and Danielle Alfonzo Walsman of the U.S. Attorney's Office Health Care
and Government Fraud Unit in Newark.



 U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $1.32 billion in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             477 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 14, 2009 Saturday

Gifts are bribery

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 197 words


Gov. Gary Herbert's policy of accepting unlimited political gifts directly
contradicts a command of the Bible: "And thou shalt take no gift: for the gift
blindeth the wise, and perverteth the words of the righteous" (Exodus 23:8, King
James Version). The New International Version reads: "Do not accept a bribe, for
a bribe blinds those who see and twists the words of the righteous."

A political contribution becomes a bribe when the recipient knows the name of
the donor and the donor expects to receive access and influence from the
politician. By this definition, all of Herbert's contributions are bribes.

The correct solution to the problem that political gifts equal bribery lies not
in transparency (as Herbert claims) but in anonymity. If each politician were
required to have an anonymous-donor account into which all political
contributions would be placed, and if the bank provided the funds to the
recipient but not the donors' names, then there would be no question of bribery.
If the Legislature is looking for a solution to the ethical problems in Utah's
government, anonymity in gifts and contributions is a simple and effective way
to do that.

Jack Worlton

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             478 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            January 10, 1999 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

IOC bribe scandal can smear Sydney

BYLINE: ALEX MITCHELL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 517 words


THE International Olympic Committee bribes scandal threatened to taint the
Sydney Games, Australian IOC member Phil Coles said yesterday.

The biggest worry related to potential sponsors.

But Mr Coles said the IOC would deal quickly and effectively with any member of
the 110-member ruling body found guilty of taking bribes.

He was speaking after the announcement that at least two IOC members were under
investigation for accepting bribes to award the 2002 Winter Olympics to Salt
Lake City, capital of Utah.

On Friday, Utah Governor Mike Leavitt intervened to secure the resignations of
the city's Olympic Organising Committee president Frank Joklik and the senior
vice-president Dave Johnson.

Both left in a "house-cleaning operation" after the organising committee
admitted paying cash and giving gifts to IOC members to win the Winter Games.

But Salt Lake Organising Committee member Ken Bullock called for the resignation
of IOC President Juan Antonio Samaranch, saying the bribery occurred "on his
watch".

During the week Mr Samaranch admitted receiving a set of valuable firearms from
Salt Lake City officials just one month before the city was awarded the Winter
Games.

Governor Leavitt revealed Mr Samaranch had given an assurance he would "root out
wrongdoing and purge it forever". The Governor added: "I call upon the Olympic
family to form an agenda of reform and carry it out with deliberation and
speed."

Mr Coles, shocked and angered by the latest bribery scandal, said: "Any members
of the IOC who are found to be involved will be dealt with."

He dismissed questions about Sydney's bid, saying: "We conducted a bid that was
government-led.

"We had a budget and the whole financing was controlled by the governments of
Nick Greiner and John Fahey. Our books have all been audited. We have no fears
at all about what we did."

Canada's IOC member Richard Pound, head of an investigation into the corrupt
Salt Lake City bid process, said yesterday he would complete his report by
January 24.

One target is Jean-Claude Ganga, IOC member for the Republic of Congo, who made
$A94,000 profit in less than two years on three luxury home sites 30km from the
Olympic downhill course in September 1995.

He was told of the deal by a member of the city's bid committee. The inquiry is
seeking the source of the investment cash.

The Congolese delegate paid $A56,450 each for the sites but after roads,
utilities and drainage were put in, he sold them for $A88,710 each, making a
hefty profit.

Mr Ganga and three African IOC members also received free private health
treatment at the Intermountain Health Care centre at Salt Lake City when the bid
was under consideration.

HOW SALT LAKE CITY WON THE WINTER OLYMPICS

* Made cash payments of $100,000 to several IOC members.

* Gave expensive gifts and free health care to IOC members and their relatives.

* Paid housing and travel expenses of IOC member relatives.

* Paid $600,000 for 13 scholarships, six to IOC member relatives.

* Assisted one IOC member in a Utah land deal which netted him $85,000.

* Used bid committee credit cards to pay for female escorts for IOC members.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1999 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             479 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Erosion official tied to bribes;
30 years possible: Inspector pleads not guilty to soliciting $1,000, plus $100
gift certificate.

BYLINE: D.L. BENNETT; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 438 words


A veteran Fulton County erosion inspector surrendered Wednesday to federal
authorities and pleaded not guilty to soliciting bribes from a contractor.

Don Mitchell, 56, of Atlanta shuffled into U.S. District Court, his hands and
feet bound with chains and cuffs, two federal agents by his side. He faces up to
30 years in federal prison if sentenced to the maximum for soliciting bribes and
defrauding Fulton County.

"He's a good man," said Torris Butterfield, his lawyer. "I can attest that this
is out of his character."

Mitchell's job as an erosion inspector is to enforce state laws that require
construction crews to use silt fences, hay bales and other devices to keep mud
from running off their sites and polluting nearby streams.

The arrest shocked Fulton County officials who said they knew nothing of the
investigation or allegations against Mitchell.

"I always thought he was a pretty good inspector, very knowledgeable," said
Commissioner Bill Edwards, who represents the south Fulton communities where the
incident allegedly took place. "Oh my goodness. That's terrible."

Mitchell earned $57,000 a year as a senior inspector. His 17th anniversary as a
county employee would be next month.

U.S. Attorney David E. Nahmias says Mitchell solicited two bribes worth a total
of $1,000 plus a $100 Red Lobster gift certificate from a grading contractor
working in south Fulton.

The court documents unsealed Wednesday only identified the company paying the
bribe as "TD" and the project involved as "HWE."

"We cannot tolerate public servants who solicit or accept bribes," Nahmias said
in a news release. "The public has the right to expect that government employees
from all jurisdictions and at all levels are acting honestly and faithfully."

Alan Toney, chairman of the Fulton County Soil and Water Conservation District,
an elected and appointed board that serves as a watchdog for the inspection
program, said the board has been "very concerned" about the lack of erosion
controls at construction sites in south Fulton and recently decided to
fast-track a scheduled review of the program.

Environmental activists said inspectors taking bribes can hurt water quality.

Alice Champagne with the Upper Chattahoochee Riverkeeper, an expert on erosion
and sedimentation control, said "what ultimately suffers is the local streams
and downstream communities. It's sad."

Champagne was surprised at the small amount of money Mitchell is accused of
taking from the contractor.

"You're not getting rich with $1,000 and a $100 gift card. ... Maybe Fulton
County needs to pay them more money."

Staff writer Stacy Shelton contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             480 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Roll Call

                          February 14, 2007 Wednesday

Shareholder in Tech Co. Sues Rep. Jefferson

BYLINE: Rachel Van Dongen, ROLL CALL STAFF

LENGTH: 348 words


A former shareholder of a technology firm is suing Rep. William Jefferson
(D-La.) and his wife to recoup his losses, arguing that they helped to run the
company into bankruptcy.

Daniel Cadle, a stockholder in the now-defunct firm iGate, filed a lawsuit
seeking unspecified damages Tuesday in U.S. District Court for the Eastern
District of Kentucky.

The lawsuit alleges that Jefferson, his wife, Andrea, and the former president
of iGate, Vernon Jackson, "acted in concert and conspired to use the funds of
iGate" to solicit and deliver bribes from individuals and businesses in Africa
and the United States.

The suit charges Jefferson with soliciting and accepting nearly $400,000 in
bribes from Jackson to promote iGate's services in the U.S. and abroad. It
further alleges that Jackson transferred 30,775,000 shares of iGate stock to
Jefferson from 2001 to 2005.

The firm is now out of business. Jackson pleaded guilty to paying hundreds of
thousands of dollars in bribes to Jefferson in exchange for help advancing his
business. He was sentenced to seven years in prison.

Cadle charged that the bribes were paid "without the consent or knowledge of
iGate's shareholders" and did not lead to "valid or legal consideration" by
iGate as reimbursement.

"The wrongful and tortious conduct of the Defendants not only put iGate out of
business to the direct detriment of its shareholders, but also dissipated
hundreds of thousands of dollars of the shareholders' collective investment, for
illegal purposes of which the shareholders of iGate were not aware," the suit
states.

A resident of Trumbull County, Ohio, Cadle purchased 327,500 shares of iGate's
Class A common stock around May 31, 2000.

The suit largely tracks a continuing federal probe into Jefferson and his
allegedly illegal business transactions.

But the Louisiana Congressman, who won re-election in 2006, has not been charged
with any wrongdoing. Nonetheless, questions swirl about why the FBI found
$90,000 in the freezer of the Democrat's New Orleans home.

Jefferson's attorney, Robert Trout, is out of town and unavailable for comment.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 Roll Call, Inc.


                             481 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             April 24, 1987 Friday
                                  Late Edition

CROOKED GUEST LISTS AT SCANDAL CENTRAL;
DAVID DALE'S AMERICA

BYLINE: DAVID DALE

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Agenda; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1053 words


ALL rich New Yorkers are crooks, but some are more crooked than others. And the
more crooked you are, the more you are sought after as the chief attraction at
parties given by the less crooked.

You think I'm exaggerating? In the past year, this place has become Scandal
Central. Revelations of polit-ical corruption and business cheating used to
happen monthly. Now they happen weekly.

When 17 handcuffed brokers were dragged in a daisy chain through Wall Street
last week, the news barely raised an eyebrow. The only difference between last
week's arrests on Wall Street and the many that preceded them was that these
businessmen had been dealing in cocaine, while their pred-ecessors had been
dealing in supposedly confidential information about company takeovers.

Last week the Governor of New York, Mario Cuomo, refused to sign a so-called
"ethics in government bill" passed by the State parliament. The bill had been a
response to investigations which revealed that many state politicians were
putting their campaign workers on the government payroll by giving them
fictitious job titles.

On close examination, the "ethics" bill turned out to be just the opposite. It
excluded politicians from being investigated on crucial issues, and reduced
existing penalties for politicians who give false information on financial
disclosure forms. Governor Cuomo said the bill was "a phony - it does not do
enough to protect us from conflicts of interest".

Everyone has lost count of the number of New York City Council managers removed
from office for dubious behaviour. It appears that officials of the Parking
Violations Bureau were taking bribes from debt collection agencies, officials of
the Taxi Bureau were taking bribes to hand out licences, building inspectors
were taking bribes to pass faulty constructions, and health officials were
taking bribes to give contracts to hospital suppliers.

The latest council scandal was the forced resignation two weeks ago of Bess
Myerson, the Cultural Affairs Commissioner. Ms Myerson, a former Miss America,
is famous in New York because, during Mayor Ed Koch's last election campaign,
she was photographed holding the Mayor's hand at social occasions. Before that,
the Mayor had been the subject of rumours that he was a homosexual.

As it turns out, Ms Myerson was never involved with Mayor Koch. Her real lover
was a married gentleman named Andy Capasso, who has just been jailed for tax
evasion. When asked if she had ever used her position with the city council to
gain contracts for Mr Capasso's firm, Ms Myerson pleaded the Fifth Amendment to
the US Constitution, which says you can't be forced to give evidence which might
incriminate you.

Mayor Koch demanded her resignation. Presumably he will have to find another
lady to hold his hand during his next election campaign.

All this just delights New York high society, because it provides all the more
names for their invitation lists. The hottest thing to do in Manhattan these
days is build a party around a celebrity who has had a brush with the law.

The social heroes of the moment are Claus von Bulow, who was accused of
attempting to murder his wife for her money (the wife remains in a coma); Steve
Rubell, a club owner who served time for tax evasion and drug dealing; Sidney
Biddle Barrows, nicknamed the "Mayflower Madam", who ran a prostitution agency;
and Ivan Boesky, who was fined $100 million for buying inside information on
Wall Street.

I first became aware of this phenomenon when I saw Claus von Bulow and his
mistress Andrea Reynolds at a party given last month to celebrate the opening of
the musical Les Miserables. I was naive enough to be surprised that the show's
promoters would invite a man who had been socially disgraced, but others at the
event said von Bulow was a highly prized social butterfly.

Von Bulow now jokes about his succession of murder trials. At the Les Miserables
party, he said he had enjoyed the show "because I feel so much like Jean
Valjean" (the convict hero).

Reinaldo Herrera, an editor at Vanity Fair magazine, said he often invites von
Bulow to dinner parties to "create chemistry". "Claus is a great catalyst," Mr
Herrera said. "People instantly loathe him or like him."

Mr Herrera said his ideal dinner guests would be Jean Harris (currently in jail
for killing a diet expert named Herman Tarnower), and Ivan Boesky: "They would
add spice to the evening because she was convicted of murder, and he pleaded
guilty to robbing nearly the world. But most normal houses don't have these
great names at their fingertips."

Cindy Adams, a society columnist for the New York Post, is famous for the clever
way she mixes the nice and the naughty at her dinner parties. Next week she is
giving a birthday dinner for herself, and she already has acceptances from
Sydney Biddle Barrows and Steve Rubell. She is sure Claus von Bulow and Andrea
Reynolds will accept, "because they go to the opening of an envelope", and she
expects Bess Myerson, "but without Andy".

"All my good friends are indictees or worse," Ms Adams says gleefully. "But Ivan
Boesky won't come. He won't even answer my phone calls."

The phenomenon is now the subject of study by the 3,000 academics who make up a
group called the Popular Culture Association. "Never before have Americans been
so desirous of brushing up against the notorious and the wealthy," says Ray
Browne, a lecturer at Bowling Green University of Ohio. (Don't laugh, Bowling
Green is just another place name. Americans think Wollongong sounds pretty
funny, too.)

"These people are a force in television, magazines, books, every medium. We're
mad to be in the same room with them, to let a little of the danger they engaged
in rub off on us. If they're well-born, like von Bulow or the Mayflower Madam,
well, that makes it even more wonderful because we're trading up."

Neil Postman, Professor of Com-munications at New York University, says
scoundrels are currently popular because people tend to envy them.

"Today we have white-collar characters doing things we can identify with
-cheating on taxes, manipulating stocks, prostitution," Postman says.

"In an age when political interests are dulled, these people are acting in their
own self-interests. It's a new version of the old entrepreneurial impulse that
Ronald Reagan says made this country great."

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cartoon: New York High Society Dinner

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1987 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             482 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             June 23, 2012 Saturday

Calif. mayor, 2 others accused of pot shop bribes

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 261 words


LOS ANGELES (AP) - The mayor of the small Southern California city of Cudahy and
two others are charged in federal court with bribery over allegations they
solicited and accepted $17,000 to support the opening of a pot dispensary,
authorities said Friday.

Mayor David Silva, Councilman Osvaldo Conde and one-time City Manager Angel
Perales were arrested and each charged with one count of bribery. If convicted,
they face up to 10 years in prison.

Federal prosecutors said the three city officials would support the opening of a
medical marijuana dispensary in exchange for the bribes. The three men accepted
$15,000 as bribe payments in February from an FBI informant following weeks of
bribe solicitations, according to an affidavit.

Conde later met with the informant and received $2,000, court documents show.

"The allegations in this case describe a corrosive and freewheeling attitude
among certain officials in the City of Cudahy," said U.S. Attorney Andre Birotte
Jr. "The stain left by public corruption is indelible, extending beyond any
individual case because of the general erosion of public confidence in
government."

TV images showed FBI agents, guns drawn, getting Conde, 50, out of his business
on Friday. Silva, 61, and Perales, 43, who runs the city's code enforcement
division, were arrested without incident.

It wasn't immediately known if the three men had retained attorneys.

Cudahy is about 10 miles south of Los Angeles and has about 25,000 residents,
most of whom are Hispanic. The city borders Bell, which recently had its own
corruption scandal.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                             483 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 24, 2010 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Former Chief Crane Inspector Admits Taking Bribes for Lies

BYLINE: By JOHN ELIGON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 562 words


A former chief crane inspector for New York City's Department of Buildings
pleaded guilty on Tuesday to taking bribes from a company in exchange for
falsely certifying cranes that had not been inspected and issuing crane
operator's licenses to people who had not completed examinations.

The inspector, James Delayo, is to be sentenced on May 4 to two to six years in
prison as part of the deal under which he pleaded guilty to one count of
second-degree bribe receiving, the most serious charge he faced. The charge
carries a maximum prison sentence of 15 years. Mr. Delayo also agreed to file
amended local, state and federal income tax returns for 2000 through 2008.

Cyrus R. Vance Jr., the Manhattan district attorney, said in a statement, ''The
defendant's willful disregard for the safety of this equipment and the skill of
crane operators endangered the lives of Manhattan's residents, visitors and
construction workers.''

''This is another case where responsibility and safety were trumped by greed,''
Mr. Vance added. ''These crimes threaten the industry that built our great city,
and this fraud hurts the honest business owners and employees who every day put
safety above profit.''

Sitting before Justice Thomas A. Farber of State Supreme Court in Manhattan, Mr.
Delayo, 61, a 26-year veteran of the Department of Buildings, read a statement
saying he had accepted more than $10,000 in bribes from Michael Sackaris, the
owner of Nu-Way Crane Service.

Mr. Delayo said he had accepted the bribes ''to complete and file false
inspection reports'' with the Buildings Department ''indicating cranes owned by
Nu-Way had passed inspections when, in fact, the cranes had not been inspected,
or I had only conducted perfunctory inspections of those cranes.''

On at least six occasions, Mr. Delayo said, he accepted Mr. Sackaris's bribes to
certify in documents filed with the department ''that Nu-Way employees seeking
crane operator licenses had passed their practical examinations.''

Mr. Delayo declined to comment after the hearing. But outside the courthouse,
his lawyer, David M. Oddo, said his client was sorry for what he had done.

''By taking this plea, Mr. Delayo has taken responsibility for some of the
unfortunate decisions he made as chief inspector,'' Mr. Oddo said.

Mr. Delayo did not believe that his actions put people in danger, Mr. Oddo said,
in part because he did visual inspections on some cranes and thought, based on
his experience, that it was enough to tell that the cranes were in good shape.
Some cranes that he did not properly inspect later passed inspections, Mr. Oddo
said. He also noted that the bribes did not involve tower cranes, the type used
for high-rise construction that was involved in fatal collapses in recent years.

But the charges against Mr. Delayo surfaced in the wake of two crane collapses
that left nine people dead and opened a window onto what the authorities said
was a lackadaisical and occasionally corrupt manner in which cranes and their
operators were approved for work in the city.

Mr. Sackaris and Michael Pascalli, an operator at Nu-Way accused of receiving a
license but not having taken the test, are also under indictment. Both appeared
before Justice Farber on Tuesday, and their cases were put off until April 9 for
disposition, indicating they, too, were probably working on plea agreements.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: James Delayo, center, beside his lawyer, David M. Oddo, pleaded
guilty on Tuesday to one count of bribe receiving as part of an agreement under
which he will serve two to six years in prison. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOHN MARSHALL
MANTEL FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                             484 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 30, 2009 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

Jefferson Was 'Stupid' but No Criminal, Defense Says

BYLINE: Jerry Markon; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 543 words


Former congressman William J. Jefferson was "stupid" and exercised "awful
judgment" in stashing $90,000 in potential bribe money in his freezer, but his
actions did not constitute a crime, defense attorneys said Wednesday during
closing arguments in the Louisiana Democrat's corruption trial.

Prosecutors painted the $90,000 -- famously found by the FBI tucked inside
frozen food containers -- in a starkly different light. They said the cold cash
was intended to bribe the vice president of Nigeria, part of a pattern of
illicit acts in which Jefferson shook down business partners for hundreds of
thousands of dollars in bribe money while offering bribes of his own.

"This case is about corruption, about a congressman who put himself and his
office and his official position up for sale," Assistant U.S. Attorney Rebeca
Bellows told jurors in U.S. District Court in Alexandria. "Jefferson broke the
law, and he broke his compact with the people of Louisiana and the people of the
United States."

Jefferson is charged with 16 counts, including bribery, racketeering and money
laundering. Prosecutors said Wednesday that he used his position to direct about
$400,000 in bribes, relating to business ventures he helped set up in Africa, to
companies he set up in family members' names. Defense attorneys said the
business dealings might have been unethical but were not criminal because they
were not part of his official congressional duties.

"The government, the prosecutors, tried to push the facts and turn what amounted
to ethics violations into a crime," defense attorney Robert P. Trout said.
"They're trying to bend the law, stretch the facts to turn what is not a crime
into a crime."

With the seven-week trial done, the eight-woman, four-man jury is expected to
begin deliberating Thursday. Jefferson, 62, could spend the rest of his life in
prison if convicted. He lost reelection in December.

The high-profile case capped a long investigation that is best known for the
money in the freezer. Wrapped in foil and stashed in Boca Burger and Pillsbury
piecrust boxes, it was uncovered during a 2005 raid of Jefferson's Capitol Hill
home.

Prosecutors said the money was to bribe then-Nigerian Vice President Atiku
Abubakar to secure his help with a telecommunications venture in that country.
They played videotapes of Jefferson meeting with a business associate-turned-FBI
informant, who gave him the funds in marked bills. The money was never
delivered, prosecutors said, only because Jefferson couldn't do so before the
FBI found it.

"He was the one who suggested the cash," Bellows said. "His failure to deliver
the money . . . in no way absolves him."

Trout acknowledged that Jefferson told the informant, Virginia businesswoman
Lori Mody, that he would pay the bribe, but that was only "to give her peace of
mind." It wasn't a crime, Trout said, because Jefferson never intended to
deliver the funds.

"Make no mistake: Taking cash and agreeing to make a payoff to the vice
president of Nigeria was not only stupid, it was an exercise in awful judgment,"
Trout told jurors. "He has paid a very steep price. His political career has
been ruined, and his reputation has been ruined." He added that the publicity
has made Jefferson basically "a national joke."

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             485 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             June 24, 2006 Saturday

City building inspector charged in bribe case

BYLINE: By Susan McDonough, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 204 words


ALAMEDA -- A city building inspector accused of soliciting bribes from a local
property owner was formally charged Friday in Alameda County Superior Court.

Hans Williams, 46, a longtime City Hall employee who city officials say has no
history of similar complaints on record, was charged with two counts of
soliciting bribes.

Williams was arrested at his home in Dublin on Thursday after a lengthy FBI
investigation initiated last year when a local property owner complained
Williams solicited bribes while inspecting two properties between December and
June, FBI spokeswoman LaRae Quy said.

Williams was free Friday on $30,000 bail and is scheduled to enter a plea July
7.

Alameda Assistant City Manager David Brandt said Williams was placed on
administrative leaveThursday following his arrest.

Brandt called the allegations rare but said the city takes them seriously and
will conduct its own investigation.

"It's a firing offense," he said.

Brandt said in a statement that the FBI investigation focused only on Williams.

Quy said Williams' arrest "demonstrates the very high priority the FBI places on
investigating violations of the public trust."

"We don't care if it's local, state or federal," she said. "We will go after
them."

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             486 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 9, 2016 Wednesday

Bergen County, New Jersey, Doctor Charged With Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 762  words


Thirty-nine defendants have pleaded guilty

NEWARK, N.J.  A family doctor practicing in Bergen County, New Jersey, was
charged today with accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Bernard Greenspan, 78, of Saddlebrook, New Jersey, was indicted by a federal
grand jury in Newark. The 10-count indictment charges Greenspan with one count
of conspiring to commit violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal
Travel Act and wire fraud; three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback
Statute; three substantive violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three
substantive violations of wire fraud. Greenspan will be arraigned at a later
date.

The charges contained in the indictment allege an extremely lucrative pattern of
soliciting and accepting illegal payments for referrals to a specific testing
lab, said U.S. Attorney Fishman. This indictment is part of our continued
commitment to prosecute those physicians who sought to enrich themselves through
their involvement in the BLS bribery scheme.

This indictment is another reminder that kickbacks in connection with federal
health care programs are illegal and unacceptable, said Scott J. Lampert,
Special Agent in Charge, Office of Inspector General, U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services. Taking such payments subverts the notion that patients
should come before profits.

To date, 39 people  26 of them doctors  have pleaded guilty in connection with
the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved millions of
dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments to BLS from
Medicare and various private insurance companies. It is believed to be the
largest number of medical professionals ever prosecuted in a bribery case. The
investigation has recovered more than $11.5 million through forfeiture.

According to the indictment:

Between March 2006 and April 2013, Greenspan received approximately $200,000 in
bribes from BLS employees and associates. Greenspan periodically solicited, and
received from the BLS employees and associates, monthly bribe payments in the
form of sham rental, service agreement, and consultant payments. Greenspan
solicited and received other bribes, including payment for holiday parties for
Greenspan and his office staff. BLS hired  at Greenspans specific request  a
patient of Greenspans with whom he was having a sexual relationship. Greenspans
referrals generated approximately $3 million in lab business for BLS.

Greenspan is the second physician to be indicted in connection with the BLS
bribery scheme. Brett Ostrager was indicted on Aug. 11, 2015, and pleaded guilty
on Dec. 22, 2015, after his motion to dismiss the indictment was denied by Judge
Chesler. He is awaiting sentencing.

Each of the Anti-Kickback and Federal Travel Act counts carries a maximum
potential sentence of five years in prison; each of the wire fraud counts
carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison. All of the counts
carry a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Andrew Campi; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates; IRSCriminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and HHS-OIG Special Agent in Charge Lampert.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish and
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorneys
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the offices Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorneys Office shortly after taking office, including creating
a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $1.29 billion in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel: Damian Conforti Esq., Newark, NJ 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             487 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    January 19, 1989, Thursday, City Edition

Ex-official contradicted in extortion trial

BYLINE: MILO GEYELIN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - A witness for the government in the perjury and extortion    trial of
Tampa lawyer Paul B. Johnson directly contradicted crucial    testimony from
another government witness in the case on Wednesday -    former Hillsborough
County Commissioner Jerry Merle Bowmer.

     Leonard Evans Hubbard, the former chief operating officer for the
Orlando-based Hubbard Construction Co., disputed Bowmer's account of    when
Bowmer and Johnson met to discuss an alleged bribe payment in July    1981.

     Johnson, a former Hillsborough state attorney with a national    reputation
as a trial lawyer, is accused of extorting $ 30,000 in bribe    money from
Hubbard Construction to win Hillsborough County Commission    approval for a
borrow pit permit that Hubbard had pending in July 1981.

     Prosecutors maintain that Johnson initially agreed to represent    Hubbard
for $ 7,500 until the morning of the hearing, when he raised his    fee to $
50,000. Prosecutors contend that Johnson inflated the fee to    divert $ 30,000
in bribe payments to Bowmer and former Hillsborough    County commissioners Joe
Kotvas and Fred Anderson.

     As the government's first witness last week, Bowmer testified that    he
met Johnson at his office to discuss the bribe early in the morning    on the
day the commission was scheduled to vote on the permit.

 According to Bowmer, Hubbard and another company executive, Gratten    White,
were both at Johnson's office the same morning.

     Hubbard, however, testified Wednesday that while he and White were
there, Bowmer's account that he was there as well is untrue.

     "Well, that's not true, absolutely not," said Hubbard.

     Hubbard said he and White suspected that Johnson's inflated legal    fee
might be used to bribe members of the Hillsborough County    Commission.

     "On several occasions I asked him whether this was illegal,    whether
anything illegal was going to be done with the money," Hubbard    said
Wednesday. "And every answer was nothing would be done illegally.

 And with that assurance I agreed to pay the money."

     Hubbard also testified that he told a federal grand jury in 1983    that he
had disregarded the possibility of bribes being paid. Hubbard    said that as
his attorney, Johnson stood to make more money if the    permit were denied
because the company planned to sue the county if    necessary.

     The trial resumes today and is expected to last through next week.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

                            Times Publishing Company


                             488 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 31, 2006 Friday
                                 Fourth Edition

Six-year sentence, but lobbyist is free

BYLINE: Mark Coultan Herald Correspondent in New York

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 399 words


FORSAKING his trademark fedora for a baseball cap, the lobbyist Jack Abramoff
walked out of a Florida court, despite having just been sentenced to nearly six
years' jail for conspiracy and fraud.

The one-time King of K Street, Washington's lobbying centre, left the court
after being allowed to stay free for the next few months because of his
co-operation with an investigation into claims that he had tried to bribe public
officials, including Republican legislators.

Walking free was not the only leniency granted Abramoff. His sentence of five
years and 10 months was the minimum permitted under sentencing guidelines. His
co-conspirator Adam Kidan also received the minimum. However, they were ordered
to pay restitution of $US21.7 million ($30.5 million). Both admitted forging a
$US23 million wire transfer to make it seem they had committed a large chunk of
their own money to the $US147.5 million purchase of the SunCruz Casinos fleet of
gambling boats in 2000. Based on the forgery, lenders contributed $US60 million
in financing.

Part of their sentencing deal is to co-operate with an investigation into the
murder of the man from whom they bought the casinos, Konstantinos "Gus" Boulis.
They have denied any involvement in the murder, for which three men, including
one with connections to the New York Mafia, have been charged.

Abramoff faces between nine and 11 years' jail on separate charges in Washington
of fraud, tax evasion and conspiracy to bribe public officials.

His sentence could be reduced, and served concurrently with the Miami sentence,
for his continuing co-operation with an investigation into his attempts to bribe
congressmen.

Although no politicians have been charged, Robert Ney, an Ohio Republican and
former chairman of the House of Representatives administration committee, has
been identified as someone referred to in court documents as receiving bribes
from Abramoff. Mr Ney denies any wrongdoing.

Abramoff has also been closely identified with Tom DeLay, the former majority
leader in the House. A former press secretary to DeLay, Michael Scanlon, has
pleaded guilty to conspiring to bribe public officials, and is co-operating in
the Abramoff case.

While most congressmen have tried to distance themselves from Abramoff,
returning campaign contributions from him and his clients, one - Dana
Rohrabacher, a Californian Republican - stood by him in the Miami case.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             489 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 12, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Woman Arrested in Prague on Charges of Conspiring to Bribe U.S. Air
Force Contract Administrator

LENGTH: 719  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Drug Enforcement Administration, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Lida Amin, 39, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Dublin, Calif., was arrested
Wednesday in Prague, Czech Republic, by Czech authorities pursuant to a U.S.
request for her provisional arrest with a view toward extradition, Acting
Special Agent in Charge Bruce C. Balzano and United States Attorney Benjamin B.
Wagner announced.

The provisional arrest request was based on an indictment filed in the Eastern
District of California on August 8, 2013, charging Lida Amin and her brother,
Nabil Amin, with conspiring to bribe a public official in exchange for military
contracts. Lida Amin is also charged with three counts of using interstate
commerce facilities (transportation of goods on Interstate 80 and using
Internet-based email) to aid in her bribery activities. The indictment was
unsealed yesterday after Lida Amin was arrested by Czech officials. The
Department of Justice will seek the extradition of Lida Amin to the United
States.

According to the indictment, Lida Amin and Nabil Amin traveled to Budapest,
Hungary, in September, 2012, to meet with a U.S. Air Force contract
administrator to discuss the details of a scheme to obtain government contracts
in exchange for bribe payments. The contract administrator had formerly been
stationed in Afghanistan. The defendants' scheme involved obtaining as many
contracts as possible over an extended period of time by making bribe payments
to the contract administrator after each contract was completed. In exchange for
the bribe payments, the contract administrator would continue to assist Lida
Amin and Nabil Amin in obtaining new government contracts.

The indictment alleges that Lida Amin and Nabil Amin established a plan to
communicate with the contract administrator during the contract bidding process
using a limited-access GMX webmail account to which both sides had access. The
GMX account was used when a code word was mentioned over a different email
account. When notified in this way, Lida Amin communicated with the contract
administrator by creating draft emails in the GMX account, which, once read,
could be deleted without being sent, thus minimizing the electronic record of
their communications. According to the indictment, Lida Amin established
companies and bank accounts in Afghanistan in the names of third parties and
entities for the purpose of receiving proceeds from government contracts
received through the bribery scheme. In connection with a bribe promise made to
the contract administrator, Lida Amin, acting through one of her companies,
Striker Logistics, shipped contract goods, including medical clothing and
linens, to Travis Air Force Base in the Eastern District of California in July
2013.

Lida Amin was arrested in Prague after she traveled there to meet with the
contract administrator. The charges against both defendants are only
allegations; the defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is the product of an extensive, joint investigation by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Fremont
Police Department. Assistance was provided by the U.S. Department of Justice,
Office of International Affairs and the Czech National Police. Assistant United
States Attorney Michael M. Beckwith is prosecuting the case.

If convicted, the defendants face a maximum statutory penalty for conspiracy to
bribe a public official of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine, and three
years of supervised release. The maximum statutory penalty for use of a facility
in interstate commerce in aid of bribery activity is five years in prison, a
$250,000 fine, and three years of supervised release. The actual sentence,
however, will be determined at the discretion of the court after consideration
of any applicable statutory factors and the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which
take into account a number of variables.
The public is encouraged to report instances of public corruption and government
fraud to the FBI by calling toll free 855-4NO-PCGF (855-466-7243). Callers must
identify themselves, but they can remain anonymous if an investigation leads to
an indictment.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             490 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

Gun Dealer Sentenced for Conspiracy in Bribes, Kickbacks for Glock Firearms

LENGTH: 153  words


TOPEKA, KS-An Olathe gun dealer was sentenced Monday to 18 months in federal
prison for paying bribes to employees of the company that makes Glock firearms,
U.S. Attorney Barry Grissom said.


John Sullivan Ralph, III, 42, Olathe, Kan., pleaded guilty to one count of
conspiracy to defraud Glock by paying bribes and kickbacks to Glock employees
for preferential treatment. Ralph owned Global Guns & Hunting, Inc., of Olathe,
Kan., doing business as OMB Guns. From 2003 to 2009 Ralph paid 140 bribes and
kickbacks to co-defendants totaling approximately $900,000.
Co-defendants include:
Lisa Delaine Dutton, who was sentenced to 12 months and a day.
Welcome D. Wood, Jr., who is set for sentencing Nov. 16.
James Craig Dutton, who is set for sentencing Nov. 9.
Paula Ann Wood, who is set for sentencing Nov. 16.
Grissom commended the FBI and Assistant U.S. Attorney Richard Hathaway is
prosecuting. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             491 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 24, 1990, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

BRIBERY SCHEME ALLEGED

BYLINE: Phil Linsalata Of the Post-Dispatch Staff 1990, St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1414 words


Former REK Development Corp. officer Jeffrey A. Wolfson and seven other
peoplewere charged by federal authorities Wednesday with attempting to bribe an
Internal Revenue Service agent.  Wolfson is accused of conspiring to bribe the
agent with two payments totaling $120,000 for favors, including deferral of
almost $1 million in taxes owed by a Florida-based asbestos removal company.
Wolfson, 42, of Chesterfield, is a principal of the Allied Development Co.,
renamed from REK Development shortly after the suicide of REK Industries founder
Ralph Kaufman.  Assistant U.S. attorney James Crowe said that although Kaufman
''had extensive conversations with this revenue agent,'' the investigation
yielded no indications that Kaufman's suicide was directly linked to the
criminal investigation, which was begun in 1988.  Kaufman disappeared on Jan.
17; his body was found in his car on Jan. 24 in Warrenton, Mo. Authorities said
he had killed himself by cutting his wrists and neck.  Wolfson was arrested
Wednesday morning at his home in the 1700 block of Claymont Estates Court.
Wolfson remained in custody Wednesday night on $150,000 bail set by U.S.
Magistrate David Noce.  Crowe said the case began when co-defendant Scott A.
Kootman, 31, of the 16200 block of Lee Oak Drive, Chesterfield, offered cash to
the federal agent for favorable treatment in personal tax problems. The agent
and Kootman first made contact in 1988, Crowe said.  The agent reported to his
supervisors and was returned to the field after being equipped with electronic
recording equipment, according to Crowe and the documents unsealed Wednesday.
The agent met the other defendants through Kootman, Crowe said.  The charges
involve non-payment of employee withholding taxes by the asbestos removal
company, Envirocon, of Tampa, Fla., with gross sales estimated by Crowe at $20
million per year.  By the end of last year, the company owed $812,000 in
employee withholding taxes, according to the charges. Crowe said the amount owed
is now about $1 million.  Wolfson worked with a co-defendant, Bruce Margo, of
Florida, to make bribe payments to the revenue agent in return for favorable
treatment, the documents say.  The two men ''work together'' in businesses
operated from the offices of the former REK Inc., 1194 South Florissant Road,
Cool Valley, according to the charges.  On April 6, Wolfson told the agent to
contact Margo, who was in St. Louis at the time, the charges say.  In an
electronically monitored meeting, Margo saw the agent that day at the Airport
Hilton Hotel, 10330 Natural Bridge Road, St. Louis County, when a $28,000 bribe
payment was set up for later in the afternoon, the charges say.  Wolfson and
Margo opened a new bank account, Wolfson transferred $130,000 to it and Margo
returned to the hotel with $28,000 for the agent, according to the documents.
On April 12, Margo made a second payment of $92,000 to the agent, the documents
say. As part of the alleged scheme, Margo also handed over fake cashiers checks
that the agent could use as proof of payment for the delinquent taxes in
persuading other IRS agents to stall collection, the charges said.  ''This was a
ruse agreed upon with the revenue agent'' to lend credibility to his role as a
corrupt official, the documents state.  In addition, Wolfson made a direct
payment of $1,400 to the agent for handling personal income taxes owed, the
charges claim.  Crowe said that two other men, Howard Bloom and Sime Dijan, both
of Florida and connected with Envirocon, were involved in the attempt to provide
fake cashier's checks. Margo, Bloom and Dijan are all charged with conspiracy to
commit bribery. The three were being sought Wednesday in Florida.  The other
three defendants were charged with bribery. They are: Carl A. Pugliese, Jr., of
Parkland, Fla. Authorities say he paid $7,300 in bribes to the agent, working on
behalf of Bloom.  Stuart Ziglin, 46, of Creve Coeur. Authorities say Ziglin paid
the agent $800. The charges do not define a link between Ziglin and the other
defendants.  Susan L. Reed, 35, of Manchester. Reed, described as an
''associate'' of Margo, paid a $2,094 bribe to the agent for assistance on her
personal income tax returns, the charges say.  Ziglin and Reed were arrested
Wednesday. Ziglin's bond was set at $100,000; Reed's was $50,000. Authorities
here were unsure if Pugliese was yet in custody.  Magistrate Noce refused to set
bail for Kootman, in part because of his previous arrest on weapons charges. On
Feb. 15, 1989, Kootman was one of six heavily armed men arrested near Lambert
Field after being ''hired'' by an undercover police officer posing as a diamond
trader.  In an interview with Wolfson earlier this year, he said he has been a
developer all his life.  In 1977, he pleaded guilty to a charge of fraud that
stemmed from his job as a contractor on a federally funded health clinic in East
St. Louis.  After admitting to defrauding the Metro East Health Services
Council, he was ordered off the construction job by a federal judge.  CHARGED:
Jeffrey A. Wolfson...conspiracy to bribe a public official Scott A.
Kootman...bribing a public official, 2 counts Stuart Ziglin...bribery Susan L.
Reed...bribery Bruce B. Margo...conspiracy to bribe Howard Bloom...conspiracy to
bribe Sime Dijan...conspiracy to bribe Carl A. Pugliese Jr....bribery

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo Graphic; PHOTO HEADSHOT of Jeffrey A. Wolfson...Remains in
custody... TABLE-CHART (COLOR)...CHARGED...List of former REK Development Corp.
officers charged by federal authorities...(see bottom of story)...

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             492 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

President of Oklahoma City defense contractor accused of bribing Tinker official
with trips to strip clubs, cash, cruise tickets, bass boat and meals at Hooters

BYLINE: BY NOLAN CLAY, Staff Writer

SECTION:

LENGTH: 761 words


There were trips to strip clubs, meals and drinks at Hooters, a $7,500 bass
boat, cruise tickets, money for a wedding ring and routine payments of
cash.Those are among the bribes identified by a federal grand jury during an
investigation of an Oklahoma City-based defense contractor, Aerochem Inc.The
founder and president of Aerochem has been indicted by the grand jury as a
result of the investigation.Christopher Houston Hensley, 56, of Yukon, is facing
three counts of paying a bribe to a public official, one count of conspiring to
pay a bribe to a public official and two counts of making false statements to
the government about a product.He could be sentenced to up to 15 years in
federal prison on each bribery count and five years on each of the other counts,
if convicted. He also could be fined up to $250,000 on each count."We intend to
enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously fight this thing," his defense
attorney, Mack Martin, said Thursday after the indictment became public.Aerochem
manufactures paint remover products that have been used by the military for
years. It started selling paint remover to Tinker Air Force Base in 2004.The
grand jury alleges Hensley and another Aerochem executive bribed an official at
Tinker Air Force Base and an official at an Army depot in Corpus Christi, Texas,
in exchange for favorable treatment.According to the indictment, the bribes
worked.

The Tinker official "with his considerable influence ... directed nearly all of
Tinker's depaint product purchases to Aerochem," the grand jury found.Other
casesThe other Aerochem executive, Soney E. Beesley, 40, of Oklahoma City
already has pleaded guilty to a federal bribery charge. Beesley is awaiting
sentencing.Also awaiting sentencing are Shelvie Raymond Tabb, the former depaint
section chief of the 566th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron at Tinker Air Force
Base, and Richard Balderas Jr., the former supervisor of a division that
stripped paint off engines and helicopter parts at the Corpus Christi Army
Depot.Tabb, 50, pleaded guilty last year to accepting a bribe. He has agreed to
forfeit $5,500 to the government. At the time of his indictment, he was living
in a house in Yukon but has since sold the residence, records show."I engaged in
a course of conduct where I received cash payments and/or benefits from Aerochem
agents ... in exchange for favorable treatment and/or recommendations of
Aerochem products," Tabb stated in court papers.Balderas, 46, of Ingleside,
Texas, pleaded guilty in June to accepting a bribe. "I accepted bribes in return
for being influenced in the performance of my official duties," he stated in
court papers.Beesley, Tabb and Balderas are now cooperating with prosecutors,
court records show.Hensley, a chemist, is accused in the indictment of providing
"several items of value" to Tabb, beginning in 2005.Content of alleged
bribesGrand jurors allege in the indictment that he spent $800 in uniforms for a
girls' softball team coached by Tabb. They allege he provided $1,200 in cash
toward the purchase of a wedding ring for Tabb in 2007.They allege he gave
$3,500 to Tabb in 2007 for a bass boat.They allege he and the other Aerochem
executive paid for meals and alcohol for Tabb "at various Oklahoma City
restaurants, including several meals and drinks at Hooters" restaurant and
entertained Tabb "at local gentlemen's clubs on several occasions."The grand
jurors allege in the indictment the two Aerochem executives in 2009 "corruptly
caused the purchase" of $1,103 in Carnival cruise tickets so that Tabb could
give the tickets to his son as a wedding gift. They allege the men in March 2010
caused Aerochem to purchase a $7,500 bass boat for Tabb's personal use.They
allege Beesley - with Hensley's knowledge - gave Tabb $1,000 in 2010 to pay
taxes and made routine cash payments of $300 to $500 to Tabb in 2011 and
2012.Grand jurors also allege both men took Balderas, the Corpus Christi Army
Depot official, to gentlemen's clubs at least twice in 2010.They allege Beesley
- again with Hensley's knowledge - spent $800 to rent a condominium in Florida
for Balderas, wired $5,000 to his wife's bank account and spent $2,612 on an
inflatable helmet for his son's football team.At least twice, Balderas was paid
cash bribes of up to $1,800 based on the size of the order from Aerochem,
according to the indictment."The public is reminded that the defendant is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt,"
federal prosecutors stated in a news release Thursday announcing the indictment.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             493 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 5, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

FORMER MILITIA CHIEF IN NEW YORK ADMITS HE ACCEPTED PAYOFF

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1354 words


The former commander of the New York State militia admitted yesterday accepting
a $58,000 bribe from the Wedtech Corporation, a South Bronx military contractor,
as new details emerged about a scheme by former company executives to bribe
Federal and state officials.

Ashen-faced and wearing a dark suit and shiny black military-style shoes, the
former commander, Vito J. Castellano, rose in State Supreme Court in Manhattan
and quietly pleaded guilty to charges of tax evasion and falsifying records in
connection with the bribe. He said he had taken the money in return for lobbying
in Washington to get research funds for Wedtech.

His plea - which prosecutors said resulted from a promise of leniency - came
amid news conferences and courtroom maneuvering in what has become the latest
and potentially the most serious turn in New York City's year-old corruption
scandal.

These were among the other developments yesterday in the Wedtech case:

* A carefully orchestrated plea arrangement, in which four former top executives
of Wedtech were to plead guilty to state bribery and theft charges, was delayed
after a State Supreme Court justice in Manhattan objected to a provision in the
agreement that limited her discretion in sentencing.

* Bernard C. Ehrlich, a partner in a law firm associated with Representative
Mario Biaggi, Democrat of the Bronx, was indicted in State Supreme Court in
Manhattan on charges of bribing Mr. Castellano on behalf of Wedtech. He pleaded
not guilty.

* A transcript of a closed Federal hearing last Friday quoted the former Wedtech
officials as saying they had made payoffs to Federal, state and city officials,
including payments to ''members of Congress'' and ''$50,000 to a New York City
official.''

* Investigators said the former Wedtech officials have implicated Bronx Borough
President Stanley Simon and Representatives Biaggi and Robert Garcia, also a
Bronx Democrat. All have denied wrongdoing.

* The transcript quoted the officials as saying that to provide a source of
funds for the bribes they had set up a dummy company - F.H.J. Associates - and
also used it to steal $2 million for themselves from Wedtech shareholders.

One of the former executives, Mario Moreno, Wedtech's former vice chairman, said
in the transcript that while ''in some instances'' the payments and favors were
''instigated by me and others'' at Wedtech, ''in other instances payments were
made or things of value given or promised because of pressure brought upon us by
certain government officials.''

Prosecutors said the former Wedtech officials also acknowledged that the company
fraudulently qualified for contracts set aside for minority-owned companies.
When the company was about to go public in 1983, they bribed an auditor at Main
Hurdman, the accounting concern, by giving him $1.5 million in stock and
$900,000 in loans to cover up more than $5 million in forged government
invoices, according to court papers.

Inquiry Could Take Months

At a news conference in the Bronx, the District Attorney, Mario Merola, and the
United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, Rudolph W.
Giuliani, said that ''10 or 12'' government officials had been implicated in the
inquiry and that the investigation could continue for months.

Lawyers familiar with the case said that, in the company's experience, few
officials with an opportunity to get a payoff turned it down.

In one case, they said, an official rejected a bribe offer only to come back
several months later and request that an identical amount be loaned to a
relative. They declined to identify the official.

''As the case unfolds, you will definitely need a scorecard to tell the good
guys from the bad,'' said Kalman V. Gallup, an attorney representing Fred
Neuberger, a founder and former board chairman of Wedtech.

Checks Went to Son

Prosecutors in Manhattan said Mr. Castellano, who headed the state militia and
was chief of staff to the governor for more than a decade, received the $58,000
bribe to lobby several Congressional committees to appropriate research funds
for a new small engine Wedtech was developing.

In particular, they said, he intervened with the late Representative Joseph P.
Addabbo of Queens, a strong political supporter of Mr. Castellano, but they said
there was no evidence that Mr. Addabbo had been aware of the bribes.

At his arraignment, Mr. Castellano testified that Wedtech officials issued
checks to his son and to a military aide, Maj. Peter Colloton, who investigators
said was given immunity from prosecution.

Prosecutors said Mr. Castellano had been cooperating with them for several
weeks. Asked why Mr. Castellano was not charged with accepting a bribe, the
Manhattan District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, said, ''Because he was the
first in the door.'' #3 Wedtech Aides Charged In a separate indictment last
month, Mr. Ehrlich, a former major general in the National Guard, was charged
with accepting a a bribe to help sell the state's Army National Guard hand-held
computers manufactured by Citisource Inc., a now-defunct company at the center
of a corruption scandal at the city's Parking Violations Bureau.

According to investigators, Wedtech's payments to Mr. Castellano were laundered
through a company, Porta-Tech Inc., set up to market the hand-held computers to
the National Guard. Mr. Castellano was not charged in connection with the
Citisource payments.

In addition, three former Wedtech officials - Mr. Neuberger, Mr. Moreno and
Anthony Guariglia, the former president and chief operating officer -were
charged yesterday with bribing Mr. Castellano. and agreed to a plea arrangement.

But after they entered guilty pleas, Acting Justice Carol Berkman of the State
Supreme Court objected to a provison that made all state sentences concurrent
with Federal sentences and assured the defendants that they would be
incarcerated in Federal, rather than state prisons.

'I Am Not Going to Roll Over'

At an off-the-record bench conference, in which her voice rose and could be
heard across the courtroom, she said the agreement was ''an insult'' and
''unreasonable.''

''I am not going to roll over,'' she said. ''They don't want to plead guilty
before me. They want a judge who will roll over. Maybe they can find one in the
building.'' She ordered that the pleas be changed to not guilty.

As a result of the problems in Manhattan, a plan to arraign Wedtech executives
in the Bronx on other state charges was dropped.

Prosecutors defended the agreement as reasonable, and said it was unlikely to
cause significant delays in the investigation. The arraignment was rescheduled
for Friday, when, one law-enforcement official said, the same arrangement would
probably be put before another judge.

Wedtech grew from a small south Bronx machine shop into a $100 million-a-year
company largely on the strength of government contracts set aside for
minority-owned company and awarded without competative bidding. The company
suspended operations and filed for protection under Federal bankruptcy laws in
December. It brought in new management last month and has resumed limited
operations. Investigators yesterday praised the company for cooperating with the
investigation.

Other Inquiries

In addition to the investigations under way in New York, a special proseuctor
has been appointed to examine lobbying efforts by Lyn Nofziger, a former top
political adviser to President Reagan, after he left the Administration in 1983.

In the last few months, Mr. Morgenthau and Mr. Giuliani have been conducting
overlapping, and occassionally competing, investigations into Wedtech.

Law-enforcement officials said an agreement was reached recently that Mr.
Giuliani's office would take over the investigation into possible political
corruption.

Mr. Morgenthau's office may yet bring charges against one other former company
official, Richard Bluestine. Charges filed against Wedtech officials in
Manhattan yesterday said that Mr. Bluestine ''falsely represented on financial
statements that Main Hurdman was 'independent' when it was not.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             494 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: Department of Justice Seeks Recovery of Approximately $100,000 in Bribes
Paid to Former Chad Ambassador

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The Department of Justice has filed a civil forfeiture complaint made public
late yesterday seeking the forfeiture of $106,488.31 in allegedly laundered
funds traceable to a $2 million bribe payment made by a Canadian energy company
to Chad's former Ambassador to the United States and Canada and his wife.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Assistant Director Joseph S. Campbell of the FBI's
Criminal Investigative Division made the announcement.

From 2004 to 2012, Mahamoud Adam Bechir, 49, served as Chad's Ambassador to the
United States and Canada.  According to the forfeiture complaint, Bechir agreed
to use his position to influence the award of oil development rights in Chad in
exchange for $2 million and other valuable interests from Griffiths Energy
International Inc., a Canadian company.  In order to conceal the bribe, Bechir
and his wife, Nouracham Niam, 44, allegedly entered into a series of agreements
with Griffiths Energy that provided for the payment of a $2 million "consulting
fee" if the company secured the oil rights in Chad.  After securing these oil
rights in February 2011, Griffiths Energy allegedly transferred $2 million to an
account located in Washington, D.C. held by a shell company created by Niam.  In
2013, Griffiths Energy pleaded guilty in Canadian court to bribing Bechir.

The complaint further alleges that, after commingling the bribe payment with
other funds and laundering these funds through U.S. bank accounts and real
property, Bechir transferred $1,474,517 of the criminal proceeds traceable to
the bribe payment to his account in South Africa, where he is now serving Chad's
Ambassador to South Africa.  The current action seeks forfeiture of $106,488.31,
which is the current balance of Bechir's accounts in South Africa.  Those funds
have been seized pursuant to the complaint unsealed today.  The Department of
Justice is also seeking additional assets from Bechir and Niam.

The investigation was conducted by the FBI.  The case is being handled by Trial
Attorney Nalina Sombuntham of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             495 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: Department of Justice Seeks Recovery of Approximately $100,000 in Bribes
Paid to Former Chad Ambassador

LENGTH: 394  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The Department of Justice has filed a civil forfeiture complaint made public
late yesterday seeking the forfeiture of $106,488.31 in allegedly laundered
funds traceable to a $2 million bribe payment made by a Canadian energy company
to Chad's former Ambassador to the United States and Canada and his wife.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Assistant Director Joseph S. Campbell of the FBI's
Criminal Investigative Division made the announcement.

From 2004 to 2012, Mahamoud Adam Bechir, 49, served as Chad's Ambassador to the
United States and Canada.  According to the forfeiture complaint, Bechir agreed
to use his position to influence the award of oil development rights in Chad in
exchange for $2 million and other valuable interests from Griffiths Energy
International Inc., a Canadian company.  In order to conceal the bribe, Bechir
and his wife, Nouracham Niam, 44, allegedly entered into a series of agreements
with Griffiths Energy that provided for the payment of a $2 million "consulting
fee" if the company secured the oil rights in Chad.  After securing these oil
rights in February 2011, Griffiths Energy allegedly transferred $2 million to an
account located in Washington, D.C. held by a shell company created by Niam.  In
2013, Griffiths Energy pleaded guilty in Canadian court to bribing Bechir.

The complaint further alleges that, after commingling the bribe payment with
other funds and laundering these funds through U.S. bank accounts and real
property, Bechir transferred $1,474,517 of the criminal proceeds traceable to
the bribe payment to his account in South Africa, where he is now serving Chad's
Ambassador to South Africa.  The current action seeks forfeiture of $106,488.31,
which is the current balance of Bechir's accounts in South Africa.  Those funds
have been seized pursuant to the complaint unsealed today.  The Department of
Justice is also seeking additional assets from Bechir and Niam.

The investigation was conducted by the FBI.  The case is being handled by Trial
Attorney Nalina Sombuntham of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             496 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

Appellate court panel hears arguments in Colonies corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 831 words


Related stories: Judge dismisses most felony counts against Burum; all four
Colonies defendants enter not guilty pleas

A panel of appellate court justices on Tuesday heard oral arguments from
attorneys in a San Bernardino County corruption case on why charges should be
dropped or reinstated against a Rancho Cucamonga developer and three former
county officials.

The final decision by the state 4th District Court of Appeal in Riverside will
determine the trajectory of the criminal case in the county being tried by the
state Attorney General and District Attorney's offices. The case has been
suspended for the last year awaiting the appellate court's ruling.

In a tentative ruling in August, the appellate court determined that all but
four criminal charges against developer Jeff Burum that were dismissed by San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville last August remain dismissed.
The appellate court, however, determined a charge of misappropriation of public
funds should be reinstated and a conflict of interest charge against Burum be
dismissed.

Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel, the lead prosecutor in the case, argued
for the reinstatement of bribery charges against Burum, which she said the law
permits. She said Burum used coercive tactics to influence the other defendants
to play ball.

The appellate court affirmed McCarville's dismissal of the bribery charges
against Burum, essentially agreeing that the law does not permit the alleged
giver of a bribe to also be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a
bribe in the same case.

Burum's attorney, Stephen Larson, told the panel of justices that the law is
clear on the bribery charges associated with his client.

"The giver cannot aid and abet the receiver," Larson said.

As to the charge of misappropriation of public funds, in which Burum is alleged
to have aided and abetted in influencing a $102 million legal settlement in his
favor - Larson argued that there was nothing illegal about the settlement. He
said the settlement was a lawful act carried out by the Board of Supervisors at
the time.

"I think it's too much of a stretch," Larson said.

Burum and former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former Assistant Assessor Jim
Erwin, who was president of the San Bernardino County Safety Employees Benefit
Association (SEBA) at the time of the alleged crimes, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, stand charged in the case.

Burum stands accused of conspiring with the other three defendants and former
Board of Supervisors Chairman and county Assessor Bill Postmus to steer the
landmark legal settlement in favor of Burum's investor group, Colonies Partners
LP, in exchange for bribes.

Postmus, Biane and Ovitt comprised the majority vote approving the landmark
settlement that ended nearly five years of contentious legal battle over flood
control improvements at Colonies' 434-acre residential and commercial
development, Colonies at San Antonio and Colonies Crossroads, respectively, in
Upland.

Kirk is alleged to have accepted a $100,000 bribe from Colonies Partners in
exchange for securing Ovitt's vote in favor of the settlement. Erwin is alleged
to have received a $100,000 bribe from Colonies in exchange for helping put
pressure on Postmus, Biane and Kirk to settle the lawsuit.

The four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

Postmus has pleaded guilty to accepting a $100,000 bribe from Colonies Partners
for his vote approving the lawsuit, and, under a plea bargain with prosecutors,
has agreed to testify against the other defendants at trial and turn state's
evidence in exchange for reduced charges.

Prosecutors allege the $400,000 in bribes were funneled into political action
committees secretly controlled by the defendants in order to avoid detection.

A throng of movers and shakers in San Bernardino County's business and political
circles packed the court Tuesday to witness the proceedings. Among those in
attendance were real estate developer Dan Richards, initially identified by
prosecutors as a co-conspirator in the corruption case but never charged.

High Desert real estate developer John Dino DeFazio, who stands charged with
perjury for allegedly lying to the grand jury in a companion corruption case
involving Postmus, was also in attendance, as was Steve PonTell, a consultant
with strong ties to Kirk and Ovitt and who has landed multiple consulting
contracts with the county.

The arguments posed by Larson and Mandel, as the case itself, appear to have
presented a challenge to the appellate court.

"It's a very complex case," Associate Justice Art McKinster said at the
conclusion of Tuesday's proceedings, adding that the appellate court's tentative
decision has left something for "everybody to hate. "It's tough to go through
all this without one's eyes glazing over."

McKinster and attorneys hinted Tuesday that the appeals will likely not stop in
Riverside and likely make their way to the state Supreme Court in San Francisco.

Reach Joe @SBCountyNow.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: METRO (8-19-11) SAN BERNARDINO--COLONIES--Colonies scandal defendants
Mark Kirk, Paul Biane, Jeff Burum, and Jim Erwin, stand before a judge as they
plead not guilty to corruption charges in a San Bernardino Superior Court August
19, 2011. The charges were tied to a $102 million legal settlement between the
county and Burum in November 2006. Judge Brian McCarville dropped five of seven
felony charges against Burum. Biane, Erwin, and Kirk also had a single charge
against them dropped. GABRIEL LUIS ACOSTA/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER. Read more:
http://www.sbsun.com/ci_18716779#ixzz1VW52GP1d San Bernardino Supreme Courtroom
August 19, 2011. GABRIEL LUIS ACOSTA/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             497 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 20, 2016 Tuesday

Summary of the Conflict of Interest Law for Municipal Employees

LENGTH: 1096  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boston:  Town of Millis, The State of Massachusetts has issued the following
news release:



 This summary of the conflict of interest law, General Laws chapter 268A, is
intended to

 help municipal employees understand how that law applies to them. This summary
is not

 a substitute for legal advice, nor does it mention every aspect of the law that
may apply in

 a particular situation. Municipal employees can obtain free confidential advice
about the

 conflict of interest law from the Commission's Legal Division at our website,
phone

 number, and address above. Municipal counsel may also provide advice.



 The conflict of interest law seeks to prevent conflicts between private
interests and public

 duties, foster integrity in public service, and promote the public's trust and
confidence in

 that service by placing restrictions on what municipal employees may do on the
job, after

 hours, and after leaving public service, as described below. The sections
referenced

 below are sections of G.L. c. 268A.

 When the Commission determines that the conflict of interest law has been
violated, it

 can impose a civil penalty of up to $10,000 ($25,000 for bribery cases) for
each

 violation. In addition, the Commission can order the violator to repay any
economic

 advantage he gained by the violation, and to make restitution to injured third
parties.

 Violations of the conflict of interest law can also be prosecuted criminally.

 I. Are you a municipal employee for conflict of interest law

 purposes?

 You do not have to be a full-time, paid municipal employee to be considered a
municipal

 employee for conflict of interest purposes. Anyone performing services for a
city or

 town or holding a municipal position, whether paid or unpaid, including full-
and parttime

 municipal employees, elected officials, volunteers, and consultants, is a
municipal

 employee under the conflict of interest law. An employee of a private firm can
also be a

 municipal employee, if the private firm has a contract with the city or town
and the

 employee is a "key employee" under the contract, meaning the town has
specifically

 contracted for her services. The law also covers private parties who engage in

 impermissible dealings with municipal employees, such as offering bribes or
illegal gifts.II. On-the-job restrictions.

 (a) Bribes. Asking for and taking bribes is prohibited. (See

 Section 2)

 A bribe is anything of value corruptly received by a municipal employee in
exchange for

 the employee being influenced in his official actions. Giving, offering,
receiving, or

 asking for a bribe is illegal.

 Bribes are more serious than illegal gifts because they involve corrupt intent.
In other

 words, the municipal employee intends to sell his office by agreeing to do or
not do some

 official act, and the giver intends to influence him to do so. Bribes of any
value are

 illegal.

 (b) Gifts and gratuities. Asking for or accepting a gift because of

 your official position, or because of something you can do or have

 done in your official position, is prohibited. (See Sections 3,

 23(b)(2), and 26)

 Municipal employees may not accept gifts and gratuities valued at $50 or more
given to

 influence their official actions or because of their official position.
Accepting a gift

 intended to reward past official action or to bring about future official
action is illegal, as

 is giving such gifts. Accepting a gift given to you because of the municipal
position you

 hold is also illegal. Meals, entertainment event tickets, golf, gift baskets,
and payment of

 travel expenses can all be illegal gifts if given in connection with official
action or

 position, as can anything worth $50 or more. A number of smaller gifts together
worth

 $50 or more may also violate these sections.

 Example of violation: A town administrator accepts reduced rental payments from


 developers.

 Example of violation: A developer offers a ski trip to a school district
employee who

 oversees the developer's work for the school district.

 Regulatory exemptions. There are situations in which a municipal employee's
receipt

 of a gift does not present a genuine risk of a conflict of interest, and may in
fact advance

 the public interest. The Commission has created exemptions permitting giving
andreceiving gifts in these situations. One commonly used exemption permits
municipal

 employees to accept payment of travel-related expenses when doing so advances a
public

 purpose. Another commonly used exemption permits municipal employees to accept

 payment of costs involved in attendance at educational and training programs.
Other

 exemptions are listed on the Commission's website.

 Example where there is no violation: A fire truck manufacturer offers to pay
the travel

 expenses of a fire chief to a trade show where the chief can examine various
kinds of firefighting

 equipment that the town may purchase. The chief fills out a disclosure form and


 obtains prior approval from his appointing authority.

 Example where there is no violation: A town treasurer attends a two-day annual
school

 featuring multiple substantive seminars on issues relevant to treasurers. The
annual

 school is paid for in part by banks that do business with town treasurers. The
treasurer is

 only required to make a disclosure if one of the sponsoring banks has official
business

 before her in the six months before or after the annual school.

 (c) Misuse of position. Using your official position to get

 something you are not entitled to, or to get someone else

 something they are not entitled to, is prohibited. Causing someone

 else to do these things is also prohibited. (See Sections 23(b)(2)

 and 26)

 A municipal employee may not use her official position to get something worth
$50 or

 more that would not be properly available to other similarly situated
individuals.

 Similarly, a municipal employee may not use her official position to get
something worth

 $50 or more for someone else that would not be properly available to other
similarly

 situated individuals. Causing someone else to do these things is also
prohibited.

 Example of violation: A full-time town employee writes a novel on work time,
using her

 office computer, and directing her secretary to proofread the draft.

 Example of violation: A city councilor directs subordinates to drive the
councilor's wife

 to and from the grocery store.

 Example of violation: A mayor avoids a speeding ticket by asking the police
officer who

 stops him, "Do you know who I am?" and showing his municipal I.D.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             498 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday

California Supreme Court set to release opinion on San Bernardino County s
Colonies corruption case on Monday

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


The California Supreme Court is set to release its opinion on San Bernardino
County s Colonies corruption case at 10 a.m. Monday, according to the court s
website.

The issue: Can an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe?

The high court s decision will likely have asignificant impact on the trajectory
of the corruption case involving the county s $102 million legal settlement with
Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in
November 2006.

State and local prosecutors allege the landmark legal settlement was tainted by
bribery, extortion and blackmail.

Burum and three former San Bernardino County officials   former Supervisor Paul
Biane, former Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk,
former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, were indicted in May 2011 and
charged with multiple felonies, including bribery, criminal conspiracy and tax
evasion.

But a San Bernardino Superior Court judge dismissed five of the seven felony
charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts, three months after the
indictment. Judge Brian McCarville also dismissed one felony count of
misappropriation of public funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

The state Attorney General s Office, which has partnered with the San Bernardino
County District Attorney s Office in prosecuting the case, petitioned the state
Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec. 10, 2012, and the high court agreed,
hearing oral arguments on Nov. 5.

Each of the four defendants, all of whom deny any wrongdoing, are accused of
accepting $100,000 bribes from Burum in exchange for voting in favor of the
settlement or influencing the outcome of the vote in Colonies  favor.

Under a plea agreement with prosecutors, former Board of Supervisors Chairman
Bill Postmus, who along with Biane and Ovitt voted in favor of the Colonies
settlement, pleaded guilty to taking a bribe from Burum in exchange for his
vote. He has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
leniency.

The settlement ended nearly five years of heated legal battle over a disputed
flood control basin on a 434-acre residential and commercial development in
Upland bankrolled by Colonies Partners.

Before the settlement, two trial court judges issued tentative rulings in
Colonies  favor and another validated the settlement after it was approved.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, said Friday he had no idea which way the state
Supreme Court was leaning, and wouldn t know for sure until 10 a.m. Monday when
the opinion is released.

It s impossible to predict because there are so many possible permutations,
Larson said.  Regardless of what the decision is, we look forward to returning
to the trial court and resolving this case.

Pretrial proceedings will resume in San Bernardino Superior Court on Jan. 10 in
the courtroom of Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             499 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

California Supreme Court set to release opinion on San Bernardino County s
Colonies corruption case on Monday

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


The California Supreme Court is set to release its opinion on San Bernardino
County s Colonies corruption case at 10 a.m. Monday, according to the court s
website.

The issue: Can an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe?

The high court s decision will likely have asignificant impact on the trajectory
of the corruption case involving the county s $102 million legal settlement with
Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in
November 2006.

State and local prosecutors allege the landmark legal settlement was tainted by
bribery, extortion and blackmail.

Burum and three former San Bernardino County officials   former Supervisor Paul
Biane, former Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk,
former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, were indicted in May 2011 and
charged with multiple felonies, including bribery, criminal conspiracy and tax
evasion.

But a San Bernardino Superior Court judge dismissed five of the seven felony
charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts, three months after the
indictment. Judge Brian McCarville also dismissed one felony count of
misappropriation of public funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

The state Attorney General s Office, which has partnered with the San Bernardino
County District Attorney s Office in prosecuting the case, petitioned the state
Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec. 10, 2012, and the high court agreed,
hearing oral arguments on Nov. 5.

Each of the four defendants, all of whom deny any wrongdoing, are accused of
accepting $100,000 bribes from Burum in exchange for voting in favor of the
settlement or influencing the outcome of the vote in Colonies  favor.

Under a plea agreement with prosecutors, former Board of Supervisors Chairman
Bill Postmus, who along with Biane and Ovitt voted in favor of the Colonies
settlement, pleaded guilty to taking a bribe from Burum in exchange for his
vote. He has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
leniency.

The settlement ended nearly five years of heated legal battle over a disputed
flood control basin on a 434-acre residential and commercial development in
Upland bankrolled by Colonies Partners.

Before the settlement, two trial court judges issued tentative rulings in
Colonies  favor and another validated the settlement after it was approved.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, said Friday he had no idea which way the state
Supreme Court was leaning, and wouldn t know for sure until 10 a.m. Monday when
the opinion is released.

It s impossible to predict because there are so many possible permutations,
Larson said.  Regardless of what the decision is, we look forward to returning
to the trial court and resolving this case.

Pretrial proceedings will resume in San Bernardino Superior Court on Jan. 10 in
the courtroom of Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             500 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            December 20, 2013 Friday

California Supreme Court set to release opinion on San Bernardino County s
Colonies corruption case on Monday

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 549 words


The California Supreme Court is set to release its opinion on San Bernardino
County s Colonies corruption case at 10 a.m. Monday, according to the court s
website.

The issue: Can an individual accused of giving or offering a bribe also be
charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a bribe?

The high court s decision will likely have asignificant impact on the trajectory
of the corruption case involving the county s $102 million legal settlement with
Rancho Cucamonga developer Jeff Burum s investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in
November 2006.

State and local prosecutors allege the landmark legal settlement was tainted by
bribery, extortion and blackmail.

Burum and three former San Bernardino County officials   former Supervisor Paul
Biane, former Assistant Assessor and union president Jim Erwin, and Mark Kirk,
former chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, were indicted in May 2011 and
charged with multiple felonies, including bribery, criminal conspiracy and tax
evasion.

But a San Bernardino Superior Court judge dismissed five of the seven felony
charges against Burum, including all four bribery counts, three months after the
indictment. Judge Brian McCarville also dismissed one felony count of
misappropriation of public funds for each of the other three defendants.

McCarville initially ruled that a person accused of giving bribes, as Burum was
in the overt acts listed in the indictment, could not also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes, for which Burum was charged,

On appeal by prosecutors, the state 4th District Court of Appeals in Riverside
upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges,

The state Attorney General s Office, which has partnered with the San Bernardino
County District Attorney s Office in prosecuting the case, petitioned the state
Supreme Court to hear the case on Dec. 10, 2012, and the high court agreed,
hearing oral arguments on Nov. 5.

Each of the four defendants, all of whom deny any wrongdoing, are accused of
accepting $100,000 bribes from Burum in exchange for voting in favor of the
settlement or influencing the outcome of the vote in Colonies  favor.

Under a plea agreement with prosecutors, former Board of Supervisors Chairman
Bill Postmus, who along with Biane and Ovitt voted in favor of the Colonies
settlement, pleaded guilty to taking a bribe from Burum in exchange for his
vote. He has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
leniency.

The settlement ended nearly five years of heated legal battle over a disputed
flood control basin on a 434-acre residential and commercial development in
Upland bankrolled by Colonies Partners.

Before the settlement, two trial court judges issued tentative rulings in
Colonies  favor and another validated the settlement after it was approved.

Burum s attorney, Stephen Larson, said Friday he had no idea which way the state
Supreme Court was leaning, and wouldn t know for sure until 10 a.m. Monday when
the opinion is released.

It s impossible to predict because there are so many possible permutations,
Larson said.  Regardless of what the decision is, we look forward to returning
to the trial court and resolving this case.

Pretrial proceedings will resume in San Bernardino Superior Court on Jan. 10 in
the courtroom of Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
