
                             501 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

President of Oklahoma City defense contractor accused of bribing Tinker official
with trips to strip clubs, cash, cruise tickets, bass boat and meals at Hooters

BYLINE: BY NOLAN CLAY Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 761 words


There were trips to strip clubs, meals and drinks at Hooters, a $7,500 bass
boat, cruise tickets, money for a wedding ring and routine payments of
cash.Those are among the bribes identified by a federal grand jury during an
investigation of an Oklahoma City-based defense contractor, Aerochem Inc.The
founder and president of Aerochem has been indicted by the grand jury as a
result of the investigation.Christopher Houston Hensley, 56, of Yukon, is facing
three counts of paying a bribe to a public official, one count of conspiring to
pay a bribe to a public official and two counts of making false statements to
the government about a product.He could be sentenced to up to 15 years in
federal prison on each bribery count and five years on each of the other counts,
if convicted. He also could be fined up to $250,000 on each count."We intend to
enter a plea of not guilty and vigorously fight this thing," his defense
attorney, Mack Martin, said Thursday after the indictment became public.Aerochem
manufactures paint remover products that have been used by the military for
years. It started selling paint remover to Tinker Air Force Base in 2004.The
grand jury alleges Hensley and another Aerochem executive bribed an official at
Tinker Air Force Base and an official at an Army depot in Corpus Christi, Texas,
in exchange for favorable treatment.According to the indictment, the bribes
worked.

The Tinker official "with his considerable influence ... directed nearly all of
Tinker's depaint product purchases to Aerochem," the grand jury found.Other
casesThe other Aerochem executive, Soney E. Beesley, 40, of Oklahoma City,
already has pleaded guilty to a federal bribery charge. Beesley is awaiting
sentencing.Also awaiting sentencing are Shelvie Raymond Tabb, the former depaint
section chief of the 566th Aircraft Maintenance Squadron at Tinker Air Force
Base, and Rich ard Balderas Jr., the former supervisor of a division that
stripped paint off engines and helicopter parts at the Corpus Christi Army
Depot.Tabb, 50, pleaded guilty last year to accepting a bribe. He has agreed to
forfeit $5,500 to the government. At the time of his indictment, he was living
in a house in Yukon but has since sold the residence, records show."I engaged in
a course of conduct where I received cash payments and/or benefits from Aerochem
agents ... in exchange for favorable treatment and/or recommendations of
Aerochem products," Tabb stated in court papers.Balderas, 46, of Ingleside,
Texas, pleaded guilty in June to accepting a bribe. "I accepted bribes in return
for being influenced in the performance of my official duties," he stated in
court papers.Beesley, Tabb and Balderas are now cooperating with prosecutors,
court records show.Hensley, a chemist, is accused in the indictment of providing
"several items of value" to Tabb, beginning in 2005.Content of alleged
bribesGrand jurors allege in the indictment that he spent $800 in uniforms for a
girls' softball team coached by Tabb. They allege he provided $1,200 in cash
toward the purchase of a wedding ring for Tabb in 2007.They allege he gave
$3,500 to Tabb in 2007 for a bass boat.They allege he and the other Aerochem
executive paid for meals and alcohol for Tabb "at various Oklahoma City
restaurants, including several meals and drinks at Hooters" restaurant and
entertained Tabb "at local gentlemen's clubs on several occasions."The grand
jurors allege in the indictment the two Aerochem executives in 2009 "corruptly
caused the purchase" of $1,103 in Carnival cruise tickets so that Tabb could
give the tickets to his son as a wedding gift. They allege the men in March 2010
caused Aerochem to purchase a $7,500 bass boat for Tabb's personal use.They
allege Beesley - with Hensley's knowledge - gave Tabb $1,000 in 2010 to pay
taxes and made routine cash payments of $300 to $500 to Tabb in 2011 and
2012.Grand jurors also allege both men took Balderas, the Corpus Christi Army
Depot official, to gentlemen's clubs at least twice in 2010.They allege Beesley
- again with Hensley's knowledge - spent $800 to rent a condominium in Florida
for Balderas, wired $5,000 to his wife's bank account and spent $2,612 on an
inflatable helmet for his son's football team.At least twice, Balderas was paid
cash bribes of up to $1,800 based on the size of the order from Aerochem,
according to the indictment."The public is reminded that the defendant is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt,"
federal prosecutors stated in a news release Thursday announcing the indictment.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             502 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Former Executive of French Power Company Subsidiary Pleads Guilty in
Connection with Foreign Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1011  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former senior executive of a subsidiary of Alstom SA, the French power and
transportation company, pleaded guilty today for his participation in a scheme
to pay bribes to foreign government officials.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gustafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

William Pomponi, a former vice president of regional sales at Alstom Power Inc.,
the Connecticut-based power subsidiary of Alstom, pleaded guilty today in
federal court in New Haven, Connecticut, to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) in
connection with the awarding of the Tarahan power project in Indonesia. Pomponi
was charged in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013. Pomponi is the
fourth defendant to plead guilty to charges stemming from this investigation.
Frederic Pierucci, the vice president of global boiler sales at Alstom, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA; and, David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at Alstom Power Inc., pleaded guilty to conspiring to violate the
FCPA on Nov. 2, 2012. Marubeni Corporation, Alstom's consortium partner on the
Tarahan project, pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and seven counts of violating the FCPA, and was sentenced to
pay a criminal fine of $88 million. FCPA and money laundering charges remain
pending against Lawrence Hoskins, the former senior vice president for the Asia
region for Alstom, and trial is scheduled for June 2, 2015.

"Three Alstom corporate executives and Marubeni, a major Japanese corporation,
have now pleaded guilty to a seven-year scheme to pay bribes to Indonesian
officials to secure a $118 million power contract," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "The Criminal Division of the Department of Justice will
follow evidence of corruption wherever it leads, including into corporate
boardrooms and corner offices. As this case demonstrates, we will hold both
companies and their executives responsible for criminal conduct."

According to the court filings, the defendants, together with others, paid
bribes to officials in Indonesia, including a member of the Indonesian
Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), the
state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in Indonesia, in exchange
for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known as the Tarahan
project, to provide power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia from
facilities in Tarahan. To conceal the bribes, the defendants retained two
consultants purportedly to provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of
Alstom and Marubeni in connection with the Tarahan project. In reality, the
primary purpose for hiring the consultants was to use the consultants to pay
bribes to Indonesian officials.

The first consultant retained by the defendants allegedly received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his Maryland bank account to be used to bribe the member
of Parliament. The consultant then allegedly transferred the bribe money to a
bank account in Indonesia for the benefit of the official. According to court
documents, emails between Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, Rothschild, and their
co-conspirators discuss in detail the use of the first consultant to funnel
bribes to the member of Parliament and the influence that the member of
Parliament could exert over the Tarahan project.

However, in the fall of 2003, Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others determined
that the first consultant was not effectively bribing key officials at PLN. One
email between Alstom employees described PLN officials' "concern that if we have
won the job, whether their rewards will still be satisfactory or this agent only
give them pocket money and disappear." In another email, an employee at Alstom's
subsidiary in Indonesia sent an email to Hoskins asserting that the first
consultant "has no grip on the PLN Tender team at all" and "is more or less
similar to [a] cashier which I feel we pay too much."

As a result, the co-conspirators retained a second consultant to bribe PLN
officials, according to the court documents. The co-conspirators deviated from
Alstom's usual practice of paying consultants on a pro-rata basis in order to
make a much larger up-front payment to the second consultant so that the
consultant could "get the right influence." An employee at Alstom's subsidiary
in Indonesia sent an email to Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others asking them
to finalize the consultancy agreement with the front-loaded payments but stated
that in the meantime the employee would give his word to a high-level official
at PLN, according to the charges. The defendants and their co-conspirators were
successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments to the
consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

An indictment is merely an accusation, and defendants are presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

The case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut, Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs, and the department has
also received substantial assistance from its law enforcement counterparts in
Indonesia, Switzerland and Singapore and greatly appreciates their cooperation.
The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             503 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 12, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Belize Coach Says Three Players Were Offered a Match-Fixing Bribe

BYLINE: By SAM BORDEN

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 612 words


A few days before Tuesday's Gold Cup match between Belize and the United States,
a man tried to bribe three players from Belize, the team's coach said Thursday.

Concacaf, the regional governing body that operates the tournament, confirmed
that such an incident had been reported and said that the man alleged to have
been involved had been identified as someone already being monitored by
international soccer officials.

''Initial findings of this investigation have resulted in a positive
identification of the individual attempting the bribery,'' the statement said.
It did not elaborate or give the man's name.

The players said the man initially approached them in Guatemala City in June,
when Belize was preparing to play Guatemala in an exhibition. At the time, the
man seemed interested in befriending the players, the team's American coach, Ian
Mork, said in a news conference Thursday. Mork said the man asked about what it
was like to play for Belize and expressed an interest in visiting the country.

Earlier this week, when Belize was in Portland, Ore., for its match against the
United States, the man resurfaced. This time he asked the players to meet him at
a mall. The players -- Ian Gaynair, Woodrow West and Andres Makin -- agreed, but
they were surprised when the man offered them money in exchange for a promise to
lose the match.

''We turned the offer down,'' West said in Salt Lake City, where the team will
play Costa Rica on Saturday. ''We did what we were supposed to. FIFA has control
of that now.''

The players walked away from the man and rejected his subsequent offer of money
not to tell anyone about the meeting, according to El Guardian, a Belize
newspaper. They reported the encounter to team officials, who notified Concacaf.
When a Concacaf official showed the players a photograph of a man suspected of
trying to fix matches in other countries, they identified him as the same person
who had approached them.

''So this isn't just about our country or a one-time thing,'' Mork said. ''This
is something much bigger.''

On the surface, the idea that a match-fixer would be interested in a game
featuring Belize and the United States might seem odd; the teams are hardly of
equal quality, and the result -- a 6-1 United States victory -- was exactly what
most observers had assumed would happen.

But match-fixing is not always simply about wins and losses. Bettors can wager
on games during live action (called in-running betting) and can also put money
on specific outcomes. History has shown that match-fixers often focus on games
where the ultimate result is not in doubt, choosing instead to try to manipulate
the final margin between the teams.

A tournament like the Gold Cup, where there is a wide gap in quality between
some of the participating teams, seems like an obvious target. Match-fixing
questions cropped up after the 2011 Gold Cup as well, though Belize is making
its first appearance in the tournament this year.

Twenty-one of the 23 players on the roster do not play professionally, and the
team had to hold a number of fund-raisers to cover its expenses for the
tournament (the national association is still accepting donations on its Web
site). Gaynair, a defender, said the team ''did barbecues, did telethons, all
kinds of things'' to raise money. Members of the team receive only $75 in per
diem, $250 a game and a $2,500 base payment for taking part in the tournament --
far less than what players from larger countries, like the United States,
receive.

''We're just trying our best to compete at this level,'' Mork said. ''I could
see how they would be targets, I guess, but our minds don't really go there. It
was a big shock.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/12/sports/soccer/belize-players-turned-down-match
-fixing-bribe-coach-says.html

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The United States beat Belize, 6-1, in a Gold Cup match that
Belize was offered a bribe to fix. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DON RYAN/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             504 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 20, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Brooklyn Senator Expected to Plead Guilty in Corruption Case

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM and BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 588 words


State Senator Carl Kruger was expected to plead guilty on Tuesday to federal
corruption charges that he accepted at least $1 million in bribes to finance a
lavish lifestyle, including a large home in Mill Basin, Brooklyn, where he lived
with two gynecologist brothers and their mother, according to several people
briefed on the case.

One of the brothers, Michael Turano, who was also charged in the corruption case
unveiled in the spring, was expected to plead guilty along with Mr. Kruger, the
people who were briefed said. Recorded conversations between the two men
revealed that they were intimate companions.

Mr. Kruger, an influential Democrat and 16-year legislator, was expected to
plead guilty to four of the five counts in the indictment, according to two of
the people. The charges include fraud conspiracy, for which he could face up to
20 years in prison, and bribery conspiracy, which carries a maximum term of five
years.

The two people said Mr. Turano, also charged with all five counts, was expected
to plead guilty to a single bribery conspiracy count, for which he would face a
maximum of five years in prison.

Mr. Kruger's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, said Mr. Kruger and Mr. Turano were
scheduled to appear before the presiding judge in the case, Jed S. Rakoff of
Federal District Court in Manhattan, on Tuesday afternoon; he would not discuss
the details of what was expected to transpire. If he pleads guilty to a felony,
Mr. Kruger will automatically lose his job.

Mr. Turano's lawyer, Robert F. Katzberg, declined to comment, as did a
spokeswoman for the United States attorney, Preet Bharara.

Mr. Kruger, Mr. Turano and six other men, including Assemblyman William F.
Boyland Jr., two hospital executives, a lobbyist and a developer, were arrested
in the case in March. A criminal complaint detailed a smorgasbord of schemes,
most of which included a single staple: the senator accepting bribes.

And the schemes were lucrative, according to the charges. Mr. Kruger collected
at least $1 million in bribes, the authorities said, in return for all manner of
political favors, like helping hospitals seeking to merge, getting state money
for real estate developers and even expanding the business hours of liquor
stores. The bribes, according to prosecutors, financed a four-door Bentley
Arnage and the Mill Basin home, which was originally built for a boss of the
Luchese crime family.

Mr. Kruger, through his lawyer, denied wrongdoing when he was charged. Mr.
Kruger has said he is not gay.

Mr. Boyland, a Democrat, who was tried separately before Judge Rakoff last
month, was acquitted of conspiring to take $175,000 in bribes in return for
using his influence on behalf of a health care organization that operates
hospitals in Queens and Brooklyn.

Less than three weeks later, federal prosecutors in Brooklyn charged him with
soliciting $250,000 in bribes in a separate case that accused him of continuing
to commit corruption crimes after his arrest on the first case -- and of seeking
bribes to pay the lawyers in that case. Mr. Boyland's case was the second
stemming from the original charges issued in March.

In September, another defendant, David P. Rosen, the former chief executive of
the health care organization, MediSys, was convicted of conspiring to bribe Mr.
Boyland -- as well as Mr. Kruger and a third legislator, Anthony S. Seminerio, a
Democratic assemblyman from Queens -- in return for favorable treatment for
MediSys.

Mr. Seminerio, who pleaded guilty to fraud in an earlier case, has since died.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: State Senator Carl Kruger is accused of taking $1 million in
bribes. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL APPLETON FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                             505 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

California: Woman Arrested in Prague on Charges of Conspiring to Bribe U.S. Air
Force Contract Administrator

LENGTH: 671  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of California has
issued the following press release:

Lida Amin, 39, of Dubai, United Arab Emirates, and Dublin, Calif., was arrested
Wednesday in Prague, Czech Republic, by Czech authorities pursuant to a U.S.
request for her provisional arrest with a view toward extradition, United States
Attorney Benjamin B. Wagner announced.

The provisional arrest request was based on an indictment filed in the Eastern
District of California on August 8, 2013, charging Lida Amin and her brother,
Nabil Amin, with conspiring to bribe a public official in exchange for military
contracts. Lida Amin is also charged with three counts of using interstate
commerce facilities (transportation of goods on Interstate 80 and using
Internet-based email) to aid in her bribery activities. The indictment was
unsealed yesterday after Lida Amin was arrested by Czech officials. The
Department of Justice will seek the extradition of Lida Amin to the United
States.

According to the indictment, Lida Amin and Nabil Amin traveled to Budapest,
Hungary, in September, 2012, to meet with a U.S. Air Force contract
administrator to discuss the details of a scheme to obtain government contracts
in exchange for bribe payments. The contract administrator had formerly been
stationed in Afghanistan. The defendants' scheme involved obtaining as many
contracts as possible over an extended period of time by making bribe payments
to the contract administrator after each contract was completed. In exchange for
the bribe payments, the contract administrator would continue to assist Lida
Amin and Nabil Amin in obtaining new government contracts.

The indictment alleges that Lida Amin and Nabil Amin established a plan to
communicate with the contract administrator during the contract bidding process
using a limited-access GMX webmail account to which both sides had access. The
GMX account was used when a code word was mentioned over a different email
account. When notified in this way, Lida Amin communicated with the contract
administrator by creating draft emails in the GMX account, which, once read,
could be deleted without being sent, thus minimizing the electronic record of
their communications. According to the indictment, Lida Amin established
companies and bank accounts in Afghanistan in the names of third parties and
entities for the purpose of receiving proceeds from government contracts
received through the bribery scheme. In connection with a bribe promise made to
the contract administrator, Lida Amin, acting through one of her companies,
Striker Logistics, shipped contract goods, including medical clothing and
linens, to Travis Air Force Base in the Eastern District of California in July
2013.

Lida Amin was arrested in Prague after she traveled there to meet with the
contract administrator. The charges against both defendants are only
allegations; the defendants are presumed innocent until and unless proven guilty
beyond a reasonable doubt.

This case is the product of an extensive, joint investigation by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation, the Drug Enforcement Administration, and the Fremont
Police Department. Assistance was provided by the U.S. Department of Justice,
Office of International Affairs and the Czech National Police. Assistant United
States Attorney Michael M. Beckwith is prosecuting the case.

If convicted, the defendants face a maximum statutory penalty for conspiracy to
bribe a public official of five years in prison, a $250,000 fine, and three
years of supervised release. The maximum statutory penalty for use of a facility
in interstate commerce in aid of bribery activity is five years in prison, a
$250,000 fine, and three years of supervised release. The actual sentence,
however, will be determined at the discretion of the court after consideration
of any applicable statutory factors and the Federal Sentencing Guidelines, which
take into account a number of variables.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/cae/

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             506 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            October 2, 2012 Tuesday

Appellate court panel hears arguments in Colonies corruption case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 832 words


Related stories: Judge dismisses most felony counts against Burum; all four
Colonies defendants enter not guilty pleas

A panel of appellate court justices on Tuesday heard oral arguments from
attorneys in a San Bernardino County corruption case on why charges should be
dropped or reinstated against a Rancho Cucamonga developer and three former
county officials.

The final decision by the state 4th District Court of Appeal in Riverside will
determine the trajectory of the criminal case in the county being tried by the
state Attorney General and District Attorney's offices. The case has been
suspended for the last year awaiting the appellate court's ruling.

In a tentative ruling in August, the appellate court determined that all but one
of five criminal charges against developer Jeff Burum that were dismissed by San
Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville last August remain dismissed.
The appellate court, however, determined a charge of misappropriation of public
funds should be reinstated and a conflict of interest charge against Burum be
dismissed.

Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel, the lead prosecutor in the case, argued
for the reinstatement of bribery charges against Burum, which she said the law
permits. She said Burum used coercive tactics to influence the other defendants
to play ball.

The appellate court affirmed McCarville's dismissal of the bribery charges
against Burum, essentially agreeing that the law does not permit the alleged
giver of a bribe to also be charged with aiding and abetting the receipt of a
bribe in the same case.

Burum's attorney, Stephen Larson, told the panel of justices that the law is
clear on the bribery charges associated with his client.

"The giver cannot aid and abet the receiver," Larson said.

As to the charge of misappropriation of public funds, in which Burum is alleged
to have aided and abetted in influencing a $102 million legal settlement in his
favor - Larson argued that there was nothing illegal about the settlement. He
said the settlement was a lawful act carried out by the Board of Supervisors at
the time.

"I think it's too much of a stretch," Larson said.

Burum and former county Supervisor Paul Biane, former Assistant Assessor Jim
Erwin, who was president of the San Bernardino County Safety Employees Benefit
Association (SEBA) at the time of the alleged crimes, and Mark Kirk, former
chief of staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt, stand charged in the case.

Burum stands accused of conspiring with the other three defendants and former
Board of Supervisors Chairman and county Assessor Bill Postmus to steer the
landmark legal settlement in favor of Burum's investor group, Colonies Partners
LP, in exchange for bribes.

Postmus, Biane and Ovitt comprised the majority vote approving the landmark
settlement that ended nearly five years of contentious legal battle over flood
control improvements at Colonies' 434-acre residential and commercial
development, Colonies at San Antonio and Colonies Crossroads, respectively, in
Upland.

Kirk is alleged to have accepted a $100,000 bribe from Colonies Partners in
exchange for securing Ovitt's vote in favor of the settlement. Erwin is alleged
to have received a $100,000 bribe from Colonies in exchange for helping put
pressure on Postmus, Biane and Kirk to settle the lawsuit.

The four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

Postmus has pleaded guilty to accepting a $100,000 bribe from Colonies Partners
for his vote approving the lawsuit, and, under a plea bargain with prosecutors,
has agreed to testify against the other defendants at trial and turn state's
evidence in exchange for reduced charges.

Prosecutors allege the $400,000 in bribes were funneled into political action
committees secretly controlled by the defendants in order to avoid detection.

A throng of movers and shakers in San Bernardino County's business and political
circles packed the court Tuesday to witness the proceedings. Among those in
attendance were real estate developer Dan Richards, initially identified by
prosecutors as a co-conspirator in the corruption case but never charged.

High Desert real estate developer John Dino DeFazio, who stands charged with
perjury for allegedly lying to the grand jury in a companion corruption case
involving Postmus, was also in attendance, as was Steve PonTell, a consultant
with strong ties to Kirk and Ovitt and who has landed multiple consulting
contracts with the county.

The arguments posed by Larson and Mandel, as the case itself, appear to have
presented a challenge to the appellate court.

"It's a very complex case," Associate Justice Art McKinster said at the
conclusion of Tuesday's proceedings, adding that the appellate court's tentative
decision has left something for "everybody to hate. "It's tough to go through
all this without one's eyes glazing over."

McKinster and attorneys hinted Tuesday that the appeals will likely not stop in
Riverside and likely make their way to the state Supreme Court in San Francisco.

Reach Joe @SBCountyNow.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: METRO (8-19-11) SAN BERNARDINO--COLONIES--Colonies scandal defendants
Mark Kirk, Paul Biane, Jeff Burum, and Jim Erwin, stand before a judge as they
plead not guilty to corruption charges in a San Bernardino Superior Court August
19, 2011. The charges were tied to a $102 million legal settlement between the
county and Burum in November 2006. Judge Brian McCarville dropped five of seven
felony charges against Burum. Biane, Erwin, and Kirk also had a single charge
against them dropped. GABRIEL LUIS ACOSTA/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER. Read more:
http://www.sbsun.com/ci_18716779#ixzz1VW52GP1d San Bernardino Supreme Courtroom
August 19, 2011. GABRIEL LUIS ACOSTA/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             507 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             April 9, 2011 Saturday

Feds charge 2 local building inspectors in alleged City of L.A. bribery case

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 208 words


A 59-year-old Altadena man and 49-year-old Eagle Rock man, both of them building
inspectors for the city of Los Angeles, were arrested Friday for allegedly
taking bribes.

Raoul Joseph Germain, 59, of Altadena and Hugo Joel Gonzalez, 49, of Eagle Rock
were charged with federal bribery charges for allegedly taking thousands of
dollars in bribes in exchange for approving work done at residential
construction sites in South Los Angeles.

Federal officials said the two never inspected the work and, in some case, had
never been to the job sites.

The arrests culminated an investigation that began this past summer, when FBI
agents got information from a work-site foreman that two Los Angeles Department
of Building and Safety inspectors took cash bribes in exchange for necessary
permit approvals on residential construction projects, the U.S. Attorney's
Office said in a news release.

FBI agents began an undercover investigation that ended with Germain's arrest
after he allegedly accepted $6,000 in bribes from the undercover agent. Gonzalez
is alleged to have accepted a 9,000 bribe in the sting operation, according to
the news release.

The charge of bribery carries a statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in
federal prison, federal officials said.

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             508 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday
                          2 - All-round First Edition

Democrat `offered bribes' to switch sides

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 506  words


NEW YORK: A US Democrat was arrested yesterday with several other politicians
over an alleged plot to bribe his way into the race to be the Republican mayor
of New York City.

State senator Malcolm Smith tried to pay off some of New York City's Republican
Party bosses to get himself on the ballot as a Republican candidate, federal
authorities said. ``The complaint describes an unappetising smorgasbord of graft
and greed involving six officials who together built a corridor of corruption,''
US Attorney Preet Bharara said.

Republican New York City councilman Dan Halloran and four other political
figures were charged as well. Senator Smith, 56, ``tried to bribe his way to a
shot at Gracie Mansion'', Mr Bharara said in a statement, referring to the
official mayor's residence. He said ``Smith drew up the game plan'' and Mr
Halloran helped ``by finding party chairmen who were wide open to receiving
bribes''.

In meetings with a co-operating witness and an undercover FBI agent posing as a
wealthy real estate developer, Senator Smith agreed to bribe leaders of
Republican Party county committees around New York City to run for mayor as a
Republican, even though he was a registered Democrat, a criminal complaint said.

Also charged are: Bronx County Republican Party chairman Joseph Savino, 45;
Queens County Republican Party vice-chairman Vincent Tabone, 46; Spring Valley
Mayor Noramie Jasmin, 49; and Spring Valley Deputy Mayor Joseph Desmaret, 55. If
convicted of conspiracy, wire fraud and violation of the Hobbs Act, Senator
Smith could face up to 45 years in prison.

As well as alleged payments to Mr Savino and Mr Tabone, Senator Smith is said to
have agreed to help obtain state funds for a road project in Spring Valley,
outside New York. That, in turn, was to benefit a real estate project Senator
Smith believed was being built by the undercover agent's company in Spring
Valley, the complaint alleged.

Charges in the case include bribery, extortion, and wire and mail fraud, Mr
Bharara said.

Senator Smith said in a statement he would be vindicated, and his lawyer, Gerald
L. Shargel, said his client denied wrongdoing.

In a January 25 meeting in Senator Smith's car, the co-operating witness told
him that buying the help of Republican county committee leaders would cost ``a
pretty penny'' and asked if it's ``worth any price'', the complaint said. The
FBI said Senator Smith responded: ``Look, talk to me before you close it. But
it's worth it. Because you know how big a deal it is.''

The FBI said Mr Halloran was soliciting funding for his congressional campaign
in September when he agreed to hire someone of the co-operating witness's
choosing for a congressional staff position in return for a cash contribution,
saying: ``That's politics, that's politics, it's all about how much. Not about
whether or will, it's about how much, and that's our politicians in New York,
they're all like that. And they get like that because of the drive that the
money does for everything else. You can't do anything without the money.''

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             509 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 24, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Architect Pleads Guilty in Conjunction with Progreso Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Jesus Bustos, 58, has pleaded guilty to conspiracy, announced United States
Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

Bustos was charged in a second superseding federal indictment alleging his
participation in a bribe paying scheme in Progreso. Today in Houston federal
court, Bustos admitted that from 2004 through 2013, he paid bribes and kickbacks
to obtain architectural contracts for his architectural firm IDEA Group LLC on
public projects in Progreso and Weslaco.

Bustos admitted he conspired with and primarily paid these bribes through an
IDEA Group employee to obtain contracts on construction projects with the
Progreso Independent School District (PISD) and with the Weslaco Independent
School District (WISD). The collective value of the PISD and WISD projects on
which Bustos paid bribes was in the millions of dollars.

PISD's Director of Maintenance and Transportation Jose Guadalupe Vela, Progreso
Mayor Omar Vela, and PISD Board of Trustees President Michael Vela largely
controlled contracting with PISD and directed PISD contracts to those who were
willing to pay Vela family members bribes. Jose Vela shared the bribe money with
PISD School Board members who were willing to vote for contractors that Jose
Vela chose for their willingness to pay bribes.

In Progreso, Bustos paid bribes through his employee to members of the Vela
family to obtain contracts on PISD construction projects, to include West
Elementary School, Fine Arts Center, North Elementary School, and the Science
and Technology building. Bustos also personally delivered bribe money to Michael
Vela in approximately 2011.

In Weslaco, Bustos paid a bribe through his employee to a WISD school board
member in order to obtain a contract on the Mario Ybarra Elementary School
Construction project. He paid two bribes through his employee to the school
board member at the end of the construction project in order to expedite payment
from WISD to IDEA Group.

U.S. District Judge David Hittner has set sentencing for July 25, 2014. At that
time, Bustos faces up to five years in prison and a possible $250,000 fine.

The case was investigated by the FBI. Assistant United States Attorney Robert S.
Johnson is prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             510 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Architect Pleads Guilty in Conjunction with Progreso Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 388  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Jesus Bustos, 58, has pleaded guilty to conspiracy, announced United States
Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

Bustos was charged in a second superseding federal indictment alleging his
participation in a bribe paying scheme in Progreso. Today in Houston federal
court, Bustos admitted that from 2004 through 2013, he paid bribes and kickbacks
to obtain architectural contracts for his architectural firm IDEA Group LLC on
public projects in Progreso and Weslaco.

Bustos admitted he conspired with and primarily paid these bribes through an
IDEA Group employee to obtain contracts on construction projects with the
Progreso Independent School District (PISD) and with the Weslaco Independent
School District (WISD). The collective value of the PISD and WISD projects on
which Bustos paid bribes was in the millions of dollars.

PISD's Director of Maintenance and Transportation Jose Guadalupe Vela, Progreso
Mayor Omar Vela, and PISD Board of Trustees President Michael Vela largely
controlled contracting with PISD and directed PISD contracts to those who were
willing to pay Vela family members bribes. Jose Vela shared the bribe money with
PISD School Board members who were willing to vote for contractors that Jose
Vela chose for their willingness to pay bribes.

In Progreso, Bustos paid bribes through his employee to members of the Vela
family to obtain contracts on PISD construction projects, to include West
Elementary School, Fine Arts Center, North Elementary School, and the Science
and Technology building. Bustos also personally delivered bribe money to Michael
Vela in approximately 2011.

In Weslaco, Bustos paid a bribe through his employee to a WISD school board
member in order to obtain a contract on the Mario Ybarra Elementary School
Construction project. He paid two bribes through his employee to the school
board member at the end of the construction project in order to expedite payment
from WISD to IDEA Group.

U.S. District Judge David Hittner has set sentencing for July 25, 2014. At that
time, Bustos faces up to five years in prison and a possible $250,000 fine.

The case was investigated by the FBI. Assistant United States Attorney Robert S.
Johnson is prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             511 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              May 23, 2006 Tuesday

FBI accuses congressman of taking thousands of dollars in bribes

BYLINE: Philip Shenon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 603 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The FBI has accused a member of the House of Representatives of taking hundreds
of thousands of dollars in bribes from a Kentucky businessman and stashing
$90,000 from the scheme in his home freezer in Washington.

The accusations against Representative William Jefferson, Democrat of Louisiana,
were made public only hours after a team of 15 agents from the Federal Bureau of
Investigation completed an all-night search of Jefferson's congressional
offices.

FBI officials said the raid, which began about 7:15 p.m. Saturday and ended
early Sunday afternoon, was the first the agency had ever conducted at a
lawmaker's office on Capitol Hill.

The search warrant and other documents, which were unsealed Sunday in a U.S.
District Court in Washington, accused Jefferson, an eight-term lawmaker, of
accepting bribes to help a small technology company win contracts with federal
agencies and with businesses and governments in West Africa.

Jefferson, who has denied wrongdoing, is one of several members of Congress who
are under scrutiny by the Justice Department on corruption charges.

While the outline of the case against Jefferson has been known for months, the
court papers were the first in which he was linked by name to the bribery
charges and to iGate, the company in Louisville, Kentucky that sought his help
in winning contracts for its high-technology products.

According to the court papers, many of Jefferson's contacts with people involved
in the bribery scheme were secretly taped, including a meeting last July at
which the lawmaker allegedly received a briefcase containing $100,000 in $100
bills

The FBI said that $90,000 of that money was found in a raid on Jefferson's
Washington home last August, divided into $10,000 increments and placed in
''various frozen food containers and wrapped in aluminum foil.''

On Saturday night, shortly after the raid began at the Rayburn House Office
Building, Jefferson's lawyer, Robert Trout, released a statement that described
the search as ''outrageous'' and unnecessary because documents in the office
''weren't going anywhere and the prosecutors knew it.''

On Sunday night, Trout issued a statement saying it would not be appropriate to
comment on the details of the affidavit. ''This disclosure by the prosecutors is
part of a public relations agenda and an obvious attempt to embarrass
Congressman Jefferson,'' he said. ''The affidavit itself is just one side of the
story, which has not been tested in court.''

Jefferson, a Harvard-trained lawyer whose district includes most of New Orleans,
did not offer a separate comment after the raid and the release of the court
documents.

The outline of the case against Jefferson became public in plea agreements
reached in recent months with one of his former House aides and with the
Kentucky businessman, Vernon Jackson, the president of iGate, who admitted this
month to bribing a lawmaker identified only as ''Representative A.''

In the court documents, which were designed to persuade a judge to approve the
search of Jefferson's congressional office, the FBI said its investigation of
Jefferson began in March of 2005 and had turned up evidence of various crimes by
the lawmaker, including bribery, wire fraud, conspiracy and attempted bribery of
officials of governments in Nigeria and Ghana.

The documents said that Jefferson, in exchange for his help in promoting iGate's
technology during official congressional visits to West Africa and in letters to
African leaders on House stationery, insisted that a company owned by his family
receive hundreds of thousands of dollars in what were described as ''consulting
fees.''

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             512 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 30, 2014 Monday

Alabama: South Carolina National Guard Official Pleads Guilty to Accepting
Bribes to Award Freight Contracts to Alabama Companies

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Alabama has issued
the following press release:

A South Carolina National Guard official pleaded guilty today in federal court
to wire fraud and accepting bribes to steer freight contracts to an Alabama
broker, announced U.S. Attorney Joyce White Vance, FBI Special Agent in Charge
Richard D. Schwein Jr. and Frank Robey, director of the U.S. Army Criminal
Investigation Command's Major Procurement Fraud Unit.

TIMOTHY WOOTEN, 52, a traffic management specialist for the National Guard
Bureau, U.S. Property and Fiscal Office, in South Carolina, pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Madeline H. Haikala to three wire fraud counts and
one bribery count involving freight transportation contracts totaling about
$321,949. His sentencing is scheduled Oct. 15.

According to Wooten's plea agreement with the government, he overrode the
electronic system that generated a list of "Best Value Carriers" for freight
shipments so that he could manually select a company for a shipment. Between
September 2011 and January 2012, Wooten manually awarded 55 contracts to two
Tuscaloosa-area companies, identified as C.E. and U.S.T. The freight broker who
worked as an agent for both companies paid Wooten about 25 percent of his
commissions on the freight contracts in return for Wooten awarding them to his
companies. The agent received about $115,882 in commission on the 55 contracts
and paid about $29,742 in bribes to Wooten, according to the plea agreement.

The agent is identified in government documents by the initials, D.B. He
attempted to conceal the bribes to Wooten by making the payments to Wooten's
wife, who D.B. purportedly hired as a broker for one of his companies. Aside
from making a few phone calls, Wooten's wife did no work for D.B., the plea
agreement says. The payments to her "were in return for Wooten providing freight
contracts to D.B.'s companies," it says.

Wooten directed government payment to D.B.'s two companies on completed
transportation contracts by initiating wire transfers from U.S. Bank in
Minneapolis, Minn., to a bank in Tuscaloosa, according to the plea agreement.
Those payments constitute the wire fraud counts against Wooten.

Wire fraud carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and $250,000 fine.
The bribery count carries has a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison and a fine
of $250,000 or three times the value of the bribe.

The FBI and Army CID, MPFU, investigated the case, which Assistant U.S. Attorney
Tamarra Matthews Johnson is prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/aln/

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             513 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Pensions & Investments

                                  May 28, 2012

Plans say no to re-election of directors on Wal-Mart board

SECTION: Pg. 6 Vol. 40

LENGTH: 683  words


CalPERS and the New York City and Connecticut retirement systems pledged to vote
their shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. against some of the retail giant's
directors over allegations of bribes by executives of a Wal-Mart subsidiary to
Mexican government officials.

However, CalSTRS, which is suing the Bentonville, Ark.-based company over the
alleged bribes, also announced it will vote its 5.3 million shares against all
15 members of the Wal-Mart board because of the bribery allegations, said Jack
Ehnes, the $152.9 billion retirement system's CEO, on May 22.

The California State Teachers' Retirement System, West Sacramento, filed in
Delaware Chancery Court in Wilmington on May 3 against Wal-Mart board members
and top executives, claiming they had covered up the results of an investigation
that found officials of Wal-Mart's Mexican subsidiary had paid bribes in 2005 to
help the company expand operations in that country.

"CalSTRS believes former and current Wal-Mart executives and board members
breached their fiduciary responsibilities," Mr. Ehnes said in a statement. "They
did so by failing to respond to indications of a pattern of unethical conduct in
the company's foreign operations. Beyond that, CalSTRS believes that in some
cases, Wal-Mart leadership actively suppressed an internal investigation which
would have brought these improper actions to light."

The $229.4 billion California Public Employees' Retirement System, Sacramento,
will vote its 7.6 million shares against the re-election of nine board members.

Brad Pacheco, CalPERS spokesman, said the retirement system is taking a more
selective approach. "We are withholding our votes from nine directors who were
in a position of authority, oversight or management of Wal-Mart's business
operations during the period in question around the bribery allegations as
opposed to the entire board who consist of members who may have not had
oversight," Mr. Pacheco said.

Also, Denise Nappier, Connecticut state treasurer and principal fiduciary of the
$24.7 billion Connecticut Retirement Plans & Trust Funds, Hartford, said she
will vote the funds' shares against the re-election of seven Wal-Mart board
members. The pension system owns $38 million in Wal-Mart stock and bonds.

"If the allegations surrounding the Mexican subsidiary are proven true, and the
board was unaware of the bribery, then Wal-Mart's board has badly failed its
shareholders and must move swiftly to bolster its oversight mechanisms," Ms.
Nappier wrote in a May 15 letter to James Breyer, presiding director of
Wal-Mart. "At a minimum, the board must determine who was responsible for
failing to keep the board informed and remove them from the company."

Voting against 7

Ms. Nappier said she will vote against re-electing the board's audit committee
chairman, Christopher J. Williams, and committee members Aida M. Alvarez, James
I. Cash Jr. and Arne M. Sorenson. She also will vote Connecticut's shares
against the re-election of CEO Michael Duke, former CEO H. Lee Scott Jr. and
board Chairman S. Robson Walton.

Officials at Ms. Nappier's office did not return a call for comment by press
time.

Earlier this month, New York City Comptroller John C. Liu announced that the
$122 billion New York City Retirement Systems will vote its 4.8 million shares
against five Wal-Mart directors.

Mr. Liu said he would vote against Ms. Sorenson and Messrs. Duke, Scott,
Williams and Walton.

According to a statement from Mr. Liu, the sole trustee of the five city pension
funds in the retirement system, Messrs. Duke and Scott were aware of the bribery
allegations. Also, he claimed Mr. Scott took steps "to shut down a thorough
independent investigation."

CalPERS will vote against the re-election of Messrs. Duke, Scott and Walton,
among others.

The family of Wal-Mart founder Sam Walton controls roughly half of the company's
shares, according to regulatory filings.

Wal-Mart officials did not respond to e-mails and phone calls seeking comment.

Wal-Mart's annual meeting is June 1.

Reporters Randy Diamond and Robert Steyer, and News Editor Rick Baert
contributed to this story.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PI


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                             514 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               November 23, 1986, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

CORRUPTION TRIAL: A CLASH OF TACTICS

BYLINE: Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 42, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1239 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, Nov. 22


The prosecution and defense used different tactics in the Federal trial of
Stanley M. Friedman, the Bronx Democratic leader, and three co-defendants on
corruption-related charges.

The Government presented witnesses and evidence intended to convince the jury
that the defendants had committed racketeering, conspiracy and mail fraud and
turned the city's Parking Violations Bureau into a criminal enterprise.

The defense sought to show that the Government had not met the burden of proof
beyond a reasonable doubt, and, with the exception of Mr. Friedman's testimony,
relied mostly on raising questions about the Government's case through
cross-examination and closing arguments.

Prosecution Case

Much of the Government's case was presented through the testimony of Geoffrey G.
Lindenauer, the former deputy director of the Parking Violations Bureau, who
pleaded guilty to charges of racketeering and mail fraud earlier this year and
agreed to cooperate with the Government. The prosecution's theory was that,
although Mr. Lindenauer's credibility was open to question, the jury would
believe his testimony if it was corroborated by other witnesses.

The prosecution called 23 witnesses in all. Following are the key points of the
testimony of the major witnesses.

Lindenauer Testifies

Mr. Lindenauer testified for seven days in all, presenting a story that was
damaging to all four defendants.

He testified that Mr. Friedman had held 100,000 shares of stock in Citisource
Inc., to be used as a bribe for Donald R. Manes, the Queens Borough President,
and Mr. Lindenauer, for helping Citisource get a contract to manufacture
hand-held computers to issue parking summonses. The stock deal, Mr. Lindenauer
testified, was arranged by Marvin B. Kaplan, the chairman of Citisource, who is
one of the defendants.

He also said Mr. Friedman served as a ''bribe broker'' in negotiating an
agreement between Datacom Systems Corporation, a debt-collection service, and
the Bernard Joint Venture, a consortium formed to conduct a program that would
tow the cars of people with unpaid parking tickets. The bribes were to have been
paid to Mr. Manes and Mr. Lindenauer.

According to Mr. Lindenauer, Mr. Friedman also sought to negotiate a
data-processing contract for Datacom, from which Datacom was to make payments to
Mr. Manes and Mr. Lindenauer. He said he had received an ''up front'' payment of
$15,000 - half of a $30,000 payment Mr. Friedman had demanded from Joseph A.
Delario, the president of Datacom, as a show of good faith.

Mr. Lindenauer testified he received from another defendant, Michael J. Lazar,
the real-estate developer and former City Transportation Administrator, between
$20,000 and $30,000 in bribes from 1979 to 1982 to give business to Datacom,
which Mr. Lazar represented.

He also said Mr. Lazar had offered an opportunity to Lester N. Shafran, former
director of the Parking Violations Bureau, to invest in the Candler Building in
the Times Square area, as a bribe, and that Mr. Lazar had offered Mr. Lindenauer
and Mr. Manes an ownership share in a collection agency, Miller & Rothman, as a
bribe.

Mr. Lindenauer also said that his former boss, Mr. Shafran, repeatedly took
favors from Bernard Sandow, president of Systematic Recovery Services, and that
Mr. Shafran had accepted a bribe in the form of a promise of a $100,000
consulting contract from the Bernard Joint Venture.

Other Witnesses

Robert R. Richards, the former president of Citisource, testified that Mr.
Kaplan told him in early 1983 of the stock deal involving Mr. Friedman.

Dr. Jerome E. Driesen, a psychiatrist who was a friend and associate of Mr.
Lindenauer, said he was told of the stock deal by Mr. Lindenauer by 1984,
testimony intended to show that Mr. Lindenauer did not make up the story after
he became aware of the investigation in late 1985.

Mr. Sandow testified that he had given about $16,000 to Mr. Shafran in the form
of meals, theater tickets, cash, trips and video equipment.

James R. Rose, the former comptroller of the parking bureau, testified that Mr.
Shafran repeatedly showed favoritism toward Datacom.

Mr. Delario said Mr. Friedman had demanded a $35,000 ''up front'' payment -
$5,000 more than Lindenauer testified - as a show of good faith to Mr. Manes and
Mr. Lindenauer, in an effort to get his company a major data-processing
contract. He also said that Mr. Lazar had repeatedly approached him for
increases in his fee, telling him he was ''taking care of the Lindenauer
problem.''

Allen Scott, a Datacom vice president, testified that he had acted as the
go-between in payments from Datacom to Mr. Lazar, which the Government said were
passed on to Mr. Lindenauer.

Neil Anderson, a Datacom vice president, testified that he had learned of Mr.
Lazar's bribes to Mr. Lindenauer and told him to stop.

Defense Case

The lawyers for all four defendants repeatedly assaulted Mr. Lindenauer's
credibility, getting him to detail under cross-examination his history of lies
and deceptions.

They made similar arguments about Mr. Richards, Dr. Driesen and Mr. Sandow, each
of whom had pleaded guilty to crimes and agreed to cooperate with the
Government, as well as Mr. Delario, Mr. Anderson and Mr. Scott, who testified
after being given immunity from prosecution.

In Mr. Delario's case, they pointed out the contradiction between his testimony
and earlier statements he made before a Federal grand jury, in which he denied
any knowledge of wrongdoing by his company or the defendants. The lawyers also
said that much of the testimony of these witnesses stemmed from what Mr.
Lindenauer had told them.

Friedman Testifies

Mr. Friedman took the stand and denied each of the charges against him. He said
he was issued the stock in Citisource - about 18 percent of the company - by Mr.
Kaplan for helping to sell the concept of the hand-held computer to the parking
bureau, and not as a bribe to anyone. He said the stock was broken into several
large blocks because he intended to give it to his wife and two children.

Mr. Friedman said that his role in the negotiation of the towing program and
data-processing contract was that of a lawyer, and that he ended his involvement
in the data-processing talks when Mr. Lindenauer implied to him that a bribe was
involved.

Other Arguments

Mr. Friedman's lawyer, Thomas P. Puccio, argued that Mr. Lindenauer's testimony
was based, in part, on lies told to him by Donald R. Manes, the Queens Borough
President, and that Mr. Lindenauer was acting on the basis of Mr. Manes's
deception.

Mr. Kaplan's lawyer, Gerald B. Lefcourt, argued that the stock in Citisource was
issued to Mr. Friedman at Mr. Friedman's request for helping to sell the concept
of the hand-held computer, and was not intended to be used as a bribe.

Mr. Lefcourt said the corrupt relationship between Citisource and parking bureau
was conducted without Mr. Kaplan's knowledge by Mr. Richards and Mr. Lindenauer.

Mr. Shafran's lawyer, Larry J. Silverman, argued that the opportunity to invest
in the Candler Building was a legitimate and risky business proposition brought
to his client's attention by Mr. Lazar, procured from a third party and fully
reported on financial disclosure forms.

Mr. Lazar's lawyer, Victor J. Rocco, denied his client paid bribes, and got Mr.
Anderson to admit that Mr. Lazar performed legitimate business functions for
Datacom.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             515 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 10, 2016 Friday

Physician Sentenced To One Year In Prison For Accepting More Than $174,000 In
Bribes For Referrals To Mobile Diagnostic Company

LENGTH: 427  words


TRENTON, N.J.  An internal medicine physician practicing in Jamesburg, New
Jersey, was sentenced today to 12 months in prison for accepting bribes in
exchange for patient referrals to a mobile diagnostic company, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Paresh Patel, 55, of Franklin Township, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper to an information charging him with
violating the Anti-Kickback Statute. Judge Cooper imposed the sentence today in
Trenton federal court.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From September 2009 through December 2013, Paresh Patel accepted more than
$174,000 in bribes for referring his patients to the Morris County-based mobile
diagnostic testing company, Biosound Medical Services (referenced in the
Information as Company 1), operated by Nita K. Patel and Kirtish N. Patel (no
relation to Paresh Patel). As part of the bribes, Biosound Medical Services paid
Paresh Patels property tax obligations and home renovation expenses.

In addition to the prison term, Paresh Patel was also ordered to pay a $6,000
fine. He has also forfeited more than $174,000 he received as part of the
bribery scheme.

Nita K. Patel and Kirtish N. Patel, pleaded guilty on Nov. 17, 2015 to health
care fraud for forging physician signatures on diagnostic reports that were
never reviewed by a specialist physician and were actually authored by Kirtish
N. Patel, who did not have a medical license. Both await sentencing.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the U.S. Department of Health
and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge

Scott J. Lampert, and special agents of the FBI, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark, with the investigation leading to
todays sentence.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Danielle Alfonzo
Walsman of the U.S. Attorneys Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in
Newark.

U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice shortly after
taking office, creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to
handle both criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care
fraud offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $1.29 billion in
health care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines,
restitution and forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel: Riza Dagli Esq. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             516 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              June 19, 2015 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; CITY/SOUTH; Pg. B-2

LENGTH: 687 words


CITY

Woman who took bribes gets pension funds back

The city Municipal Pension Fund board of directors voted Thursday to refund
$21,784.31 in pension contributions to a former city systems analyst who
admitted to taking bribes in connection with a contract-rigging scheme involving
a friend of former police Chief Nate Harper.

Christine Kebr, who was sentenced to probation last year for taking bribes and
helping Art Bedway, a onetime friend of Harper's, obtain city contracts to
provide police radios and computers, will get back only the money she
contributed to the pension plan, without interest.

A solicitor for the board said it does not have the authority to deny her money
that she contributed to the plan. Kebr said she took the bribes and helped
Bedway win the contract at the direction of Harper, who was released from
federal prison last month after serving more than a year in connection with the
theft of thousands of dollars from the city in a separate case.

Parking board approves issuance of bonds

The Pittsburgh Parking Authority board on Thursday approved the issuance of
bonds to refinance up to $80 million in old debt, a move that is expected to
save up to $5 million in interest over the life of the bonds.

The authority had previously estimated in April that the savings would be closer
to $6 million, but the "market has weakened" since, said Charles Goodwin, a
managing director at BNY Mellon Capital Markets, which is acting as the
authority's financial adviser.

Board member Jeff Cohen pressed the firm to push for a better deal, given the
authority's strong cash flow and stability.

"I can't say I'm thrilled about that, because $1 million is a lot of money," he
said.

"We have a one-time shot to do this; let's try to save as much as we can."

SOUTH

Legislator seeks Wolf's help on new CCAC facility

State Rep. Peter Daley, D-Washington/Fayette, Thursday asked Gov. Tom Wolf in a
letter for help securing state funds to facilitate creation of a Donora campus
center for Community College of Allegheny County serving the mid-Mon Valley.

His request followed a meeting with college, borough and other community leaders
trying to convert the former Donora Elementary Center into an academic and
workforce training location for 250 to 300 students, targeting a region still
reeling decades after the loss of steel industry jobs.

He called the idea potentially a "great match" between the college, the
community and others, including the nearby campus of California University of
Pennsylvania, which could have programs of overlapping interest to students,
including nursing.

Traffic restrictions set for Route 51 in South Hills

Resurfacing will restrict traffic on Route 51 in the South Hills starting
tonight, the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation announced.

Milling and paving will occur from Bausman Street to Edgebrook Avenue beginning
at 9 p.m. continuously through 8 a.m. Monday.

Traffic will be shifted into the northbound lanes, while work is done on the
southbound side. One lane will be open in both directions.

The $15.9 million project includes milling and resurfacing, signal improvements,
drainage work, intersection and curb improvements, bridge repairs, guiderail
upgrades, pavement markings and other miscellaneous construction activities from
Lebanon Church Road to the Liberty Tunnel.

Man charged with theft from elderly woman

The Allegheny County District Attorney's office has charged an Indiana, Pa., man
with stealing more than $100,000 from the bank account of a 91-year-old resident
of a Mt. Lebanon nursing home.

Lionel Deimel, 68, surrendered to authorities Tuesday and faces charges of
theft, receiving stolen property and misapplication of entrusted property.

The victim, who resides in the skilled nursing care unit at Asbury Heights,
executed a financial power of attorney document with Mr. Deimel in 2009,
according to a criminal complaint. Mr. Deimel was described as her friend.

According to the complaint, Mr. Deimel admitted using the money for his own
benefit.

He was released on bond to await a June 25 preliminary hearing before District
Judge Blaise Larotonda in Mt. Lebanon.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2015 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             517 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Washington: Former Chief Executive Officer of Oil Services Company Indicted in
New Jersey on Foreign Bribery and Kickback Charges

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The former co-chief executive officer (CEO) of PetroTiger Ltd. - a British
Virgin Islands oil and gas company with operations in Colombia and offices in
New Jersey - was indicted today for his role in a scheme to pay bribes to
foreign government officials in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA) and to defraud PetroTiger.

Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Marshall Miller of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman of the
District of New Jersey and Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford of the FBI's
Newark Division made the announcement.

Joseph Sigelman, 43, of Miami and the Philippines, was indicted today by a
federal grand jury in the District of New Jersey and charged with conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud, conspiracy to launder money, and
substantive FCPA and money laundering violations. Gregory Weisman, 42, of
Moorestown, New Jersey, the former general counsel of PetroTiger, pleaded guilty
on Nov. 8, 2013, to conspiracy to violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud.
Sigelman's co-CEO, Knut Hammarskjold, 42, of Greenville, South Carolina, pleaded
guilty to the same charge on Feb. 18, 2014.

According to court records, Sigelman and others allegedly paid bribes to an
official in Colombia in exchange for the official's assistance in securing
approval for an oil services contract worth roughly $39 million. To conceal the
bribes, they first attempted to make the payments to a bank account in the name
of the foreign official's wife for purported consulting services she did not
perform. Sigelman and Hammarskjold provided Weisman invoices, including her bank
account information. The conspirators made the payments directly to the
official's bank account when attempts to transfer the money to his wife's
account failed. Sigelman and his conspirators then took steps to conceal the
bribe payments from PetroTiger's board members.

In addition, court documents allege that Sigelman and others attempted to secure
kickback payments while negotiating an acquisition of another company on behalf
of PetroTiger, including on behalf of several members of PetroTiger's board of
directors who were helping to fund the acquisition. In exchange for negotiating
more favorable terms for the owners of the target company, two of the owners
agreed to kick back to the conspirators a portion of the increased purchase
price. To conceal the kickback payments, Sigelman and others had the payments
deposited into Sigelman's bank account in the Philippines, created a "side
letter" to falsely justify the payments and used the code name "Manila Split" to
refer to the payments amongst themselves.

Sigelman and Hammarskjold were charged by sealed complaints filed in the
District of New Jersey on Nov. 8, 2013. Hammarskjold was arrested Nov. 20, 2013,
at Newark Liberty International Airport. Sigelman was arrested on Jan. 3, 2014,
in the Philippines. The charges against Sigelman, Hammarskjold and Weisman were
unsealed on Jan. 6, 2014.

The charges contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was brought to the attention of the department through a voluntary
disclosure by PetroTiger, which cooperated with the department's investigation.
The department has worked closely with and has received significant assistance
from its law enforcement counterparts in the Republic of Colombia and greatly
appreciates their assistance in this matter. The department also thanks the
Republic of the Philippines, including the Bureau of Immigration, and the
Republic of Panama for their assistance in this matter. Significant assistance
was also provided by the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Newark Division. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Zach Intrater of the District of New Jersey.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             518 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 10, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Former Chief Executive Officer of Oil Services Company Indicted in
New Jersey on Foreign Bribery and Kickback Charges

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The former co-chief executive officer (CEO) of PetroTiger Ltd. - a British
Virgin Islands oil and gas company with operations in Colombia and offices in
New Jersey - was indicted today for his role in a scheme to pay bribes to
foreign government officials in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
(FCPA) and to defraud PetroTiger.

Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Marshall Miller of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman of the
District of New Jersey and Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford of the FBI's
Newark Division made the announcement.

Joseph Sigelman, 43, of Miami and the Philippines, was indicted today by a
federal grand jury in the District of New Jersey and charged with conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud, conspiracy to launder money, and
substantive FCPA and money laundering violations. Gregory Weisman, 42, of
Moorestown, New Jersey, the former general counsel of PetroTiger, pleaded guilty
on Nov. 8, 2013, to conspiracy to violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud.
Sigelman's co-CEO, Knut Hammarskjold, 42, of Greenville, South Carolina, pleaded
guilty to the same charge on Feb. 18, 2014.

According to court records, Sigelman and others allegedly paid bribes to an
official in Colombia in exchange for the official's assistance in securing
approval for an oil services contract worth roughly $39 million. To conceal the
bribes, they first attempted to make the payments to a bank account in the name
of the foreign official's wife for purported consulting services she did not
perform. Sigelman and Hammarskjold provided Weisman invoices, including her bank
account information. The conspirators made the payments directly to the
official's bank account when attempts to transfer the money to his wife's
account failed. Sigelman and his conspirators then took steps to conceal the
bribe payments from PetroTiger's board members.

In addition, court documents allege that Sigelman and others attempted to secure
kickback payments while negotiating an acquisition of another company on behalf
of PetroTiger, including on behalf of several members of PetroTiger's board of
directors who were helping to fund the acquisition. In exchange for negotiating
more favorable terms for the owners of the target company, two of the owners
agreed to kick back to the conspirators a portion of the increased purchase
price. To conceal the kickback payments, Sigelman and others had the payments
deposited into Sigelman's bank account in the Philippines, created a "side
letter" to falsely justify the payments and used the code name "Manila Split" to
refer to the payments amongst themselves.

Sigelman and Hammarskjold were charged by sealed complaints filed in the
District of New Jersey on Nov. 8, 2013. Hammarskjold was arrested Nov. 20, 2013,
at Newark Liberty International Airport. Sigelman was arrested on Jan. 3, 2014,
in the Philippines. The charges against Sigelman, Hammarskjold and Weisman were
unsealed on Jan. 6, 2014.

The charges contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was brought to the attention of the department through a voluntary
disclosure by PetroTiger, which cooperated with the department's investigation.
The department has worked closely with and has received significant assistance
from its law enforcement counterparts in the Republic of Colombia and greatly
appreciates their assistance in this matter. The department also thanks the
Republic of the Philippines, including the Bureau of Immigration, and the
Republic of Panama for their assistance in this matter. Significant assistance
was also provided by the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Newark Division. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Zach Intrater of the District of New Jersey.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             519 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday

Dear Abby: Money spent to keep kids from smoking is no bribe

BYLINE: By Abigail Van Buren

SECTION: DEAR ABBY

LENGTH: 398 words


Dear Abby: I was surprised to see you equate a concerned grandmother's creative
solution to smoking with bribery in a February column. The word "bribe" has a
negative connotation. What the grandmother did was offer an incentive, not a
bribe, that will benefit her grandchildren in the long run. I think the woman
should be congratulated.

Now for a disclaimer: When my daughter was 14, I came up with the same idea in
the form of a wager. I bet her that if she could resist peer pressure and not
become a smoker by the time she was 21, I would buy her the dress of her dreams.
To my delight, she won the bet. By then, she was studying to become a marine
biologist, so instead of a dress, the money went toward a wetsuit.

At 43, she's still a nonsmoker and she has now made that same bet with her
children. It's the best money I ever spent.

-- Retired Clinical Social Worker

Dear R.C.S.W.: Oh me, oh my, did I get clobbered for my response to that letter.
Out of the hundreds of letters and emails received, only one person agreed with
me. The rest were smokin' mad. Read on:

Dear Abby: In my many years as a school psychologist, I have counseled hundreds
of parents and teachers about dealing with behavioral issues in children. I
often make the distinction between a "bribe" and a "reward" by describing a
bribe as something you give someone to do something dishonest, while a reward is
given for doing something commendable. What she did was reward their good choice
in not developing a potentially fatal habit.

-- Old-school Psychologist

Dear Abby: I disagree with your answer. What that grandmother did was reward her
grandchildren, not bribe them. A lot of pressure is put on teens, and it takes
considerable willpower and maturity to avoid some of these temptations.

At 16 or 17, it is hard for them to imagine being older than 30, and none of
them can imagine being 60 or 70 with lung disease. Hooray for grandparents who
can help them avoid adopting a life-threatening habit in any way they can.

-- Grandmother in Iowa

Dear Abby: I told my son I would give him $1,000 at the age of 21 if he didn't
smoke. It wasn't bribery. It was a great tool to combat peer pressure. Whenever
he was offered a cigarette, he could simply say he had a better offer. Not only
did it work but also the other kids were envious.

-- Michigan Mom

Write Dear Abby atDearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             520 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 19, 2014 Thursday

Hawaii: Webb County Commissioner Pleads Guilty to Accepting Bribes in Exchange
for Official Actions

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

Kristopher Michael Montemayor, a county commissioner for Precinct 1 of the Webb
County Commissioners Court in Texas, pleaded guilty to bribery today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson for the Southern District of
Texas, and Special Agent in Charge Christopher H. Combs of the FBI's San Antonio
Division made the announcement.

Montemayor admitted that, while serving as county commissioner, he solicited and
accepted bribes in exchange for promising to perform official acts.
Specifically, Montemayor admitted that he accepted three separate bribe payments
totaling $11,000, as well as over $2,700 in electronics equipment, from a
businessman who, unbeknownst to Montemayor, was an undercover law enforcement
agent.   Montemayor admitted that, in exchange for the money and the equipment,
he promised to take official action to promote the business interests of the
undercover agent.

Additionally, Montemayor admitted to accepting the use of a new 2012 Ford F-150
truck, which costs approximately $37,015, in exchange for promising to provide
government jobs to both the vehicle owner and his spouse.   As a result of these
job appointments, the vehicle owner and his wife received salaries of $26,000
and $45,553 from Webb County.

Montemayor is scheduled to be sentenced on Oct. 7, 2014 before U.S. District
Judge Marina Garcia Marmolejo in Laredo, Texas.

This case is being investigated by special agents from the Laredo Resident
Agency of FBI's San Antonio Division.   This case is being prosecuted by Trial
Attorneys Emily Rae Woods and Mark J. Cipolletti of the Criminal Division's
Public Integrity Section.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             521 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 15, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION;
JUDGE CONVICTED OF TAKING BRIBES

BYLINE: By Mary Connelly and Alan Finder

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 2; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 262 words


A Federal jury last week found Justice William C. Brennan of State Supreme Court
in Queens guilty of accepting bribes to fix court cases. At his sentencing,
scheduled for Feb. 3, Justice Brennan will face maximum prison terms of 20 years
on the most serious charges.

The jury found Justice Brennan guilty of 26 counts of receiving bribes,
racketeering, attempted extortion, conspiracy, fraud by telephone and interstate
travel to aid in racketeering. Federal prosecutors had accused him of agreeing
to aid defendants in four cases, including one involving a reputed
organized-crime figure convicted of attempted murder.

The jurors determined that, in return for $50,000 in bribes funneled through a
friend who owned restaurants in Queens and Florida, Justice Brennan agreed to
aid defendants in several ways. In one case, he shortened a convicted gambler's
probation. In another, he agreed to drop a gambling charge against a defendant
in return for $12,000.

In a third case, Justice Brennan was found guilty of agreeing to intercede for a
convicted narcotics dealer. He never collected the money, the prosecutors said,
but his intermediary, Anthony J. Bruno, the restaurateur, testified that he had
accepted $25,000 on the justice's behalf. In the last case, involving the
reputed crime figure convicted of attempted murder, the justice was convicted of
accepting a $10,000 bribe, then ordering a new trial for the defendant.

Justice Brennan, who was suspended without pay from his judicial duties after
being indicted in July, said he would appeal the verdict.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             522 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 3, 1985, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

JUDGE ORDERS WILLIAMS TO BEGIN 10-YEAR SENTENCE IN BRIBERY PLOT

BYLINE: AP

SECTION: Section A; Page 22, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 427 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 2


A Federal district judge today ordered the former teamster union president, Roy
Williams, to begin serving a 10-year prison term for conspiracy to bribe a
United States Senator.

Judge Prentice Marshall ordered Mr. Williams to report by 4 P.M. Tuesday to the
United States Medical Center for Federal Prisoners in Springfield, Mo. Mr.
Williams suffers from emphysema, and his attorneys have said he fears he will
die in prison.

The attorneys for Mr. Williams, who did not attend today's hearing, had
requested a reduced sentence or even probation. One. Michael LeVota, urged the
judge to consider Mr. Williams's recent cooperation with the Government in its
investigation of organized crime, and said incarceration would send a negative
message to other members of the International Brotherhood of Teamsters who might
be contemplating such cooperation.

The Justice Department asked a 60-day reprieve so the authorities could continue
questioning Mr. Williams about teamster ties to organized crime.

Defense Motions Denied

In denying the motions after a hearing today, Judge Marshall said the offense
that Mr. Williams was convicted of ''is one that cuts at the vitals of a free
society, a conspiracy to bribe a member of the U.S. Senate.''

''It's a tough time of year,'' the judge said, ''but I believe the time has come
for Mr. Williams to begin the formal service of his sentence.''

''At the risk of sounding like a Scrooge, I will stay execution of his sentence
until tomorrow,'' he said, rather than order Mr. Williams to report today as
scheduled.

Judge Marshall said prison physicians had evaluated Mr. Williams's condition and
determined that they could take care of his health problems.

The judge also said he did not believe Mr. Williams had ''made a contribution of
value'' in his discussions with the Justice Department.

Plot to Bribe Senator

Mr. Williams was convicted in December 1982 of conspiracy to bribe then Senator
Howard W. Cannon, Democrat of Nevada, and remained free pending appeals and
legal maneuvers.

Mr. Williams and four others were convicted of conspiring to bribe Mr. Cannon in
an attempt to block legislation opposed by the teamsters. A month later one
defendant, Allen Dorfman, was slain. The three others are in prison. Mr. Cannon
was not accused of any wrongdoing.

In August, Judge Marshall handed down a final sentence of 10 years and ordered
Mr. Williams to begin the term Oct. 19. Later that month, Mr. Williams began
cooperating with Federal investigators and won another delay of the prison term.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             523 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Daily News (South Africa)

                          December 21, 2011 Wednesday
                                   E1 Edition

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 568 words


BEIJING: A leading Chinese referee has admitted taking bribes to fix games,
including an exhibition involving Manchester United.

State media reported that Huang Junjie had been charged with accepting $245 000
in bribes to fix two international friendlies and taking |20 bribes from six
Chinese clubs between 2005 and 2009.

The international matches were a 2007 friendly between Manchester United and
China's Shenzhen and a 2009 game between Shanghai Shenhua and Australian club
Sydney.

LONDON: David Beckham's management company says reports the former England
captain has agreed a deal to join Paris |Saint-Germain are "premature."

The 36-year-old midfielder has been in talks with the French club, but is also
considering staying at Los Angeles Galaxy where his five-year deal has ended.

LAS VEGAS: Boxer Floyd Mayweather Jr could be jailed for up to 18 months after
deciding to plead guilty to reduced misdemeanor charges in a deal which resolves
felony allegations that he battered his ex-girlfriend, court officials said
yesterday.

Mayweather, 34, will face $3 000 in fines and could be sentenced to between two
days and 18 months in the Clark County jail after agreeing to plead guilty today
to one count of battery domestic violence and two harassment charges, said Tess
Driver, an aide to Clark County District Attorney David Roger.

YAOUNDE: Cameroon's government is monitoring the situation after the decision by
the country's football federation to suspend captain Samuel Eto'o, pictured, for
15 matches.

The punishment, handed down on Friday after the federation said Eto'o had
persuaded |team-mates not to travel to Algeria last month for a friendly, has
led to widespread criticism in the soccer-mad central African country.

INDIAN WELLS: Next year's Indian Wells tournament will be the first combined ATP
and WTA event to offer a top prize of $1 million to its men and women's singles
winners, officials said yesterday.

Steve Simon, tournament director of the tennis event in the California desert,
said the hardcourt tournament, which runs from March 5-18, will boost its total
prize money to |$11 million with increases for all rounds.

WASHINGTON: Amir Khan pressed his case yesterday to overturn a controversial
loss to Lamont Peterson and force a rematch while his promoter expressed concern
Khan might not have a chance to avenge that defeat.

Hometown hero Peterson won a split decision over Khan in Washington on December
10 for the World Boxing Association and International Boxing Federation
|light-welterweight titles.

LONDON: Arsenal are set to be without any specialist fullbacks for their Premier
League match away to Aston Villa tonight.

Johan Djourou joined an injury list that includes Bacary Sagna (ankle), Kieran
Gibbs (hernia), Andre Santos (ankle) and Carl Jenkinson (back) when he suffered
a groin strain during Sunday's 1-0 loss to leaders Manchester City. Djourou is
now set to be out for three weeks and either Sebastien Squillaci or Ignasi
Miquel could start at Villa Park.

SOUTH African referees Daniel Bennett and Zakhele Siwela have been called up to
officiate at next month's African Cup of Nations (Afcon) tournament, it was
announced yesterday.

The 2012 tournament will be staged in Gabon and Equatorial Guinea.

The South African duo were selected after their success during the CAF Elite
Referees Fitness tests in Cairo a month ago, the SA Football Association (Safa)
said yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ND


                 Copyright 2011 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             524 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    October 16, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

INS Workers Convicted in Bribery Case

From news services and staff reports

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C5; AROUND THE REGION

LENGTH: 144 words


Three employees of the Arlington regional office of the U.S. Immigration and
Naturalization Service were convicted yesterday of accepting bribes and
conspiring to defraud the government by selling work permits to illegal
immigrants, the U.S. attorney's office said.

The three worked as application clerks in the examination section of the INS,
according to court papers. They were convicted after a three-day trial in U.S.
District Court in Alexandria of selling the work authorization permits for $ 100
apiece, according to a news release from the U.S. attorney's office.

Shebra Johnson, 22, of Washington, was convicted of accepting $ 15,000 in bribes
. Saundra Thomas, 26, of Arlington, was convicted of accepting $ 2,500 in bribes
. And Sonia Wilkerson, 22, of Landover, was convicted of accepting $ 300 in
bribes. Sentencing is scheduled for Dec. 18.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                             525 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 14, 1984, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

THE CITY ;
;
 Ex-Church Aide Held in Bribe Case

SECTION: Section 1; Page 27, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 127 words


A former Riverside Church employee has been arrested on charges of receiving
$50,000 in bribes from a company that did business with the church, prosecutors
said yesterday.

According to the Manhattan District Attorney's office, the suspect - 62-year-old
Bertram Daniels, former supervisor of maintenance of the church at 120th Street
and Riverside Drive - received the bribes over a nine-year period from the Supro
Chemical and Supply of Brooklyn, which supplied cleaning chemicals and mops. The
prosecutors said the company had overbilled the church to cover the cost of the
bribes.

Mr. Daniels, of 118-14 221st Street in Cambria Heights, Queens, pleaded not
guilty. A man answering the phone at the Supro company would neither give his
name nor comment.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             526 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Executive of French Power Company Subsidiary Pleads Guilty in
Connection with Foreign Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former senior executive of a subsidiary of Alstom SA, the French power and
transportation company, pleaded guilty today for his participation in a scheme
to pay bribes to foreign government officials.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gastafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

William Pomponi, a former vice president of regional sales at Alstom Power Inc.,
the Connecticut-based power subsidiary of Alstom, pleaded guilty today in
federal court in New Haven, Connecticut, to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) in
connection with the awarding of the Tarahan power project in Indonesia. Pomponi
was charged in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013. Pomponi is the
fourth defendant to plead guilty to charges stemming from this investigation.
Frederic Pierucci, the vice president of global boiler sales at Alstom, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA; and, David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at Alstom Power Inc., pleaded guilty to conspiring to violate the
FCPA on Nov. 2, 2012. Marubeni Corporation, Alstom's consortium partner on the
Tarahan project, pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and seven counts of violating the FCPA, and was sentenced to
pay a criminal fine of $88 million. FCPA and money laundering charges remain
pending against Lawrence Hoskins, the former senior vice president for the Asia
region for Alstom, and trial is scheduled for June 2, 2015.

"Three Alstom corporate executives and Marubeni, a major Japanese corporation,
have now pleaded guilty to a seven-year scheme to pay bribes to Indonesian
officials to secure a $118 million power contract," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "The Criminal Division of the Department of Justice will
follow evidence of corruption wherever it leads, including into corporate
boardrooms and corner offices. As this case demonstrates, we will hold both
companies and their executives responsible for criminal conduct."

According to the court filings, the defendants, together with others, paid
bribes to officials in Indonesia, including a member of the Indonesian
Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), the
state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in Indonesia, in exchange
for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known as the Tarahan
project, to provide power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia from
facilities in Tarahan. To conceal the bribes, the defendants retained two
consultants purportedly to provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of
Alstom and Marubeni in connection with the Tarahan project. In reality, the
primary purpose for hiring the consultants was to use the consultants to pay
bribes to Indonesian officials.

The first consultant retained by the defendants allegedly received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his Maryland bank account to be used to bribe the member
of Parliament. The consultant then allegedly transferred the bribe money to a
bank account in Indonesia for the benefit of the official. According to court
documents, e-mails between Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, Rothschild, and their
co-conspirators discuss in detail the use of the first consultant to funnel
bribes to the member of Parliament and the influence that the member of
Parliament could exert over the Tarahan project.

However, in the fall of 2003, Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others determined
that the first consultant was not effectively bribing key officials at PLN. One
e-mail between Alstom employees described PLN officials' "concern that if we
have won the job, whether their rewards will still be satisfactory or this agent
only give them pocket money and disappear." In another e-mail, an employee at
Alstom's subsidiary in Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins asserting that the
first consultant "has no grip on the PLN Tender team at all" and "is more or
less similar to [a] cashier which I feel we pay too much."

As a result, the co-conspirators retained a second consultant to bribe PLN
officials, according to the court documents. The co-conspirators deviated from
Alstom's usual practice of paying consultants on a pro-rata basis in order to
make a much larger up-front payment to the second consultant so that the
consultant could "get the right influence." An employee at Alstom's subsidiary
in Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others asking them
to finalize the consultancy agreement with the front-loaded payments but stated
that in the meantime the employee would give his word to a high-level official
at PLN, according to the charges. The defendants and their co-conspirators were
successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments to the
consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

An indictment is merely an accusation, and defendants are presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

The case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut, Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs, and the department has
also received substantial assistance from its law enforcement counterparts in
Indonesia, Switzerland and Singapore and greatly appreciates their cooperation.
The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             527 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Executive of French Power Company Subsidiary Pleads Guilty in
Connection with Foreign Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1012  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A former senior executive of a subsidiary of Alstom SA, the French power and
transportation company, pleaded guilty today for his participation in a scheme
to pay bribes to foreign government officials.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gastafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

William Pomponi, a former vice president of regional sales at Alstom Power Inc.,
the Connecticut-based power subsidiary of Alstom, pleaded guilty today in
federal court in New Haven, Connecticut, to a criminal information charging him
with conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) in
connection with the awarding of the Tarahan power project in Indonesia. Pomponi
was charged in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013. Pomponi is the
fourth defendant to plead guilty to charges stemming from this investigation.
Frederic Pierucci, the vice president of global boiler sales at Alstom, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA; and, David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at Alstom Power Inc., pleaded guilty to conspiring to violate the
FCPA on Nov. 2, 2012. Marubeni Corporation, Alstom's consortium partner on the
Tarahan project, pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and seven counts of violating the FCPA, and was sentenced to
pay a criminal fine of $88 million. FCPA and money laundering charges remain
pending against Lawrence Hoskins, the former senior vice president for the Asia
region for Alstom, and trial is scheduled for June 2, 2015.

"Three Alstom corporate executives and Marubeni, a major Japanese corporation,
have now pleaded guilty to a seven-year scheme to pay bribes to Indonesian
officials to secure a $118 million power contract," said Assistant Attorney
General Caldwell. "The Criminal Division of the Department of Justice will
follow evidence of corruption wherever it leads, including into corporate
boardrooms and corner offices. As this case demonstrates, we will hold both
companies and their executives responsible for criminal conduct."

According to the court filings, the defendants, together with others, paid
bribes to officials in Indonesia, including a member of the Indonesian
Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik Negara (PLN), the
state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in Indonesia, in exchange
for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known as the Tarahan
project, to provide power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia from
facilities in Tarahan. To conceal the bribes, the defendants retained two
consultants purportedly to provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of
Alstom and Marubeni in connection with the Tarahan project. In reality, the
primary purpose for hiring the consultants was to use the consultants to pay
bribes to Indonesian officials.

The first consultant retained by the defendants allegedly received hundreds of
thousands of dollars in his Maryland bank account to be used to bribe the member
of Parliament. The consultant then allegedly transferred the bribe money to a
bank account in Indonesia for the benefit of the official. According to court
documents, e-mails between Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci, Rothschild, and their
co-conspirators discuss in detail the use of the first consultant to funnel
bribes to the member of Parliament and the influence that the member of
Parliament could exert over the Tarahan project.

However, in the fall of 2003, Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others determined
that the first consultant was not effectively bribing key officials at PLN. One
e-mail between Alstom employees described PLN officials' "concern that if we
have won the job, whether their rewards will still be satisfactory or this agent
only give them pocket money and disappear." In another e-mail, an employee at
Alstom's subsidiary in Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins asserting that the
first consultant "has no grip on the PLN Tender team at all" and "is more or
less similar to [a] cashier which I feel we pay too much."

As a result, the co-conspirators retained a second consultant to bribe PLN
officials, according to the court documents. The co-conspirators deviated from
Alstom's usual practice of paying consultants on a pro-rata basis in order to
make a much larger up-front payment to the second consultant so that the
consultant could "get the right influence." An employee at Alstom's subsidiary
in Indonesia sent an e-mail to Hoskins, Pomponi, Pierucci and others asking them
to finalize the consultancy agreement with the front-loaded payments but stated
that in the meantime the employee would give his word to a high-level official
at PLN, according to the charges. The defendants and their co-conspirators were
successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments to the
consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

An indictment is merely an accusation, and defendants are presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

The case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut, Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs, and the department has
also received substantial assistance from its law enforcement counterparts in
Indonesia, Switzerland and Singapore and greatly appreciates their cooperation.
The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             528 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Washington: Former Chief Executive Officer of Oil Services Company Indicted in
New Jersey on Foreign Bribery and Kickback Charges

LENGTH: 696  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former co-chief executive officer (CEO) of PetroTiger Ltd.--a British Virgin
Islands oil and gas company with operations in Colombia and offices in New
Jersey--was indicted today for his role in a scheme to pay bribes to foreign
government officials in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
and to defraud PetroTiger.

Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Marshall Miller of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman of the
District of New Jersey, and Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford of the FBI's
Newark Division made the announcement.

Joseph Sigelman, 43, of Miami and the Philippines, was indicted today by a
federal grand jury in the District of New Jersey and charged with conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud, conspiracy to launder money, and
substantive FCPA and money laundering violations. Gregory Weisman, 42, of
Moorestown, New Jersey, the former general counsel of PetroTiger, pleaded guilty
on November 8, 2013, to conspiracy to violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud.
Sigelman's co-CEO, Knut Hammarskjold, 42, of Greenville, South Carolina, pleaded
guilty to the same charge on February 18, 2014.

According to court records, Sigelman and others allegedly paid bribes to an
official in Colombia in exchange for the official's assistance in securing
approval for an oil services contract worth roughly $39 million. To conceal the
bribes, they first attempted to make the payments to a bank account in the name
of the foreign official's wife for purported consulting services she did not
perform. Sigelman and Hammarskjold provided Weisman invoices, including her bank
account information. The conspirators made the payments directly to the
official's bank account when attempts to transfer the money to his wife's
account failed. Sigelman and his conspirators then took steps to conceal the
bribe payments from PetroTiger's board members.

In addition, court documents allege that Sigelman and others attempted to secure
kickback payments while negotiating an acquisition of another company on behalf
of PetroTiger, including on behalf of several members of PetroTiger's board of
directors, who were helping to fund the acquisition. In exchange for negotiating
more favorable terms for the owners of the target company, two of the owners
agreed to kick back to the conspirators a portion of the increased purchase
price. To conceal the kickback payments, Sigelman and others had the payments
deposited into Sigelman's bank account in the Philippines, created a "side
letter" to falsely justify the payments, and used the code name "Manila Split"
to refer to the payments amongst themselves.

Sigelman and Hammarskjold were charged by sealed complaints filed in the
District of New Jersey on November 8, 2013. Hammarskjold was arrested November
20, 2013, at Newark Liberty International Airport. Sigelman was arrested on
January 3, 2014, in the Philippines. The charges against Sigelman, Hammarskjold
and Weisman were unsealed on January 6, 2014.

The charges contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was brought to the attention of the department through a voluntary
disclosure by PetroTiger, which cooperated with the department's investigation.
The department has worked closely with and has received significant assistance
from its law enforcement counterparts in the Republic of Colombia and greatly
appreciates their assistance in this matter. The department also thanks the
Republic of the Philippines, including the Bureau of Immigration, and the
Republic of Panama for their assistance in this matter. Significant assistance
was also provided by the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Newark Division. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Zach Intrater of the District of New Jersey.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             529 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 9, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Chief Executive Officer of Oil Services Company Indicted in
New Jersey on Foreign Bribery and Kickback Charges

LENGTH: 718  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:
The former co-chief executive officer (CEO) of PetroTiger Ltd.--a British Virgin
Islands oil and gas company with operations in Colombia and offices in New
Jersey--was indicted today for his role in a scheme to pay bribes to foreign
government officials in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
and to defraud PetroTiger.

Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Marshall Miller of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman of the
District of New Jersey, and Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford of the FBI's
Newark Division made the announcement.

Joseph Sigelman, 43, of Miami and the Philippines, was indicted today by a
federal grand jury in the District of New Jersey and charged with conspiracy to
violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud, conspiracy to launder money, and
substantive FCPA and money laundering violations. Gregory Weisman, 42, of
Moorestown, New Jersey, the former general counsel of PetroTiger, pleaded guilty
on November 8, 2013, to conspiracy to violate the FCPA and to commit wire fraud.
Sigelman's co-CEO, Knut Hammarskjold, 42, of Greenville, South Carolina, pleaded
guilty to the same charge on February 18, 2014.

According to court records, Sigelman and others allegedly paid bribes to an
official in Colombia in exchange for the official's assistance in securing
approval for an oil services contract worth roughly $39 million. To conceal the
bribes, they first attempted to make the payments to a bank account in the name
of the foreign official's wife for purported consulting services she did not
perform. Sigelman and Hammarskjold provided Weisman invoices, including her bank
account information. The conspirators made the payments directly to the
official's bank account when attempts to transfer the money to his wife's
account failed. Sigelman and his conspirators then took steps to conceal the
bribe payments from PetroTiger's board members.

In addition, court documents allege that Sigelman and others attempted to secure
kickback payments while negotiating an acquisition of another company on behalf
of PetroTiger, including on behalf of several members of PetroTiger's board of
directors, who were helping to fund the acquisition. In exchange for negotiating
more favorable terms for the owners of the target company, two of the owners
agreed to kick back to the conspirators a portion of the increased purchase
price. To conceal the kickback payments, Sigelman and others had the payments
deposited into Sigelman's bank account in the Philippines, created a "side
letter" to falsely justify the payments, and used the code name "Manila Split"
to refer to the payments amongst themselves.

Sigelman and Hammarskjold were charged by sealed complaints filed in the
District of New Jersey on November 8, 2013. Hammarskjold was arrested November
20, 2013, at Newark Liberty International Airport. Sigelman was arrested on
January 3, 2014, in the Philippines. The charges against Sigelman, Hammarskjold
and Weisman were unsealed on January 6, 2014.

The charges contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and the
defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

The case was brought to the attention of the department through a voluntary
disclosure by PetroTiger, which cooperated with the department's investigation.
The department has worked closely with and has received significant assistance
from its law enforcement counterparts in the Republic of Colombia and greatly
appreciates their assistance in this matter. The department also thanks the
Republic of the Philippines, including the Bureau of Immigration, and the
Republic of Panama for their assistance in this matter. Significant assistance
was also provided by the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Newark Division. The case is being
prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Zach Intrater of the District of New Jersey.

Additional information about the Justice Department's FCPA enforcement efforts
can be found at www.justice.gov/criminal/fraud/fcpa.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             530 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              June 1, 2008 Sunday

2 Louisiana judges guilty of taking bribes

LENGTH: 115 words


SHREVEPORT, La. (AP) -- Two judges were convicted Saturday of taking bribes to
set low bonds or remove court holds on defendants.

A federal jury convicted state District Judge Michael Walker and Caddo Parish
Juvenile Court Judge Vernon Claville on one count each of racketeering. The
charge carries up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

Claville was accused of taking bribes to remove court holds from juveniles so
they could get bond. Walker oversaw the drug section of his court and was
accused of taking bribes to quickly set bonds, reduce them, recall arrest
warrants or remove probation holds.

Defense attorneys argued the case was based on inconclusive recordings and
testimony.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                             531 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                   October 24, 1987, Saturday, Tampa Edition

5 paid bribes to halt drug investigation, officials say

BYLINE: MILO GEYELIN

SECTION: METRO AND STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 710 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - Posing as a crooked Congressional aide who could thwart drug
investigations, a federal drug agent duped five members of an alleged    Key
Largo smuggling ring into paying more than $ 1.5-million in cash    bribes, U.S.
Attorney Robert W. Merkle announced Friday.

     Speaking at a press conference with $ 750,000 of the cash spread out
before him, Merkle said the $ 1.5-million was the largest amount of    bribe
money ever handed over to federal drug agents. About $ 837,000 of    it was
intended to derail a federal grand jury investigation in Tampa,    Merkle said.

     "The amount of money available for drug profiteers is staggering,    in
this (judicial) district and elsewhere," Merkle said. "When you    have $
1-million in cash, $ 1.5-million in cash, you're going to have    situations ...
where basically the prevailing concept in the drug world    is that everybody
has a price. The cash here is an example of that."

     The announcement came a day after four Key Largo residents were    arrested
in South Florida. They were identified as David E. Carlson,    27; Jeffrey L.
Koons, 34; Frank T. Basso, 34, and Carol Wood, 34. A    fifth person charged in
the crime, William E. Wood, 37, Carol Wood's    husband and allegedly the ring's
leader, is serving a 20-year prison    sentence in Ashland, Ky., on a cocaine
smuggling conviction.

     Koons, Wood, Mrs. Wood and Basso were charged with multiple counts    of
conspiracy, bribery and obstruction of justice.

     Carlson was charged with conspiracy, mail fraud, use of a    fictitious
name and two counts of making false declarations.

     The bribe money, made in six cash payments to undercover agents and    one
wire transfer to a secret offshore bank account in Cayman Island,    was
intended to thwart grand jury investigations in Tampa, Detroit and    St. Louis,
Merkle said. All three grand juries were investigating    narcotics and
money-laundering operations linked to Wood's    organization, he said.

     Thursday's arrests capped a yearlong investigation by the U.S.    Customs
Service, the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Internal    Revenue Service
in Tampa, St. Louis and Orlando. At the center of it    was Mike Miller, a
mild-mannered U.S. Customs supervisor in Tampa who    posed as a Washington
insider with power over drug enforcement    agencies.

     Miller said Friday that drug agents learned after Wood was    convicted of
cocaine charges in October 1986 in St. Louis that he and    Basso were willing
to pay bribes. Miller met Basso at an Orlando hotel    shortly after Basso's
release from prison last December.

     "I essentially said words to the effect, 'Frank, I'm not going to    tell
you a whole lot about me,"' Miller said Friday. "'All I'm going    to tell you
is I'm a staff aide in a congressman's office, and we do    oversight work on
the law enforcement community. And as such, I have    access to investigative
reports...' I told him he could ask me    questions, and I'm simply not going to
compromise my very tenuous    position, my high-profile position in Washington.
And he accepted    that."

     Miller said he never used any congressman's name during the
investigation. Undercover agents accepted the bribes from Carol Wood,    Basso
and Koons in Mobile, Ala., and in several Florida cities,    according to the
federal charges. Wood allegedly kept tabs on the bribe    payments from his
prison cell in Kentucky.

     Carlson faces a maximum sentence of 25 years in prison. Wood, his    wife
Carol, Basso and Koons face maximum prison sentences ranging from    50 to 145
years.

     The arrests brought out Merkle's humorous side Friday. He opened    his
press conference standing behind a table neatly arrayed with    $ 750,000 in
cash.

     "I'd like to take this opportunity to announce my resignation as    U.S.
Attorney," Merkle deadpanned, "and thank Customs in appreciation    for taking
up this collection."



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                            Times Publishing Company


                             532 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 31, 2015 Friday

Employee of Cleveland Non-Profit Charged in Bribe Conspiracy

LENGTH: 614  words


An employee of a nonprofit that served Cleveland's Lee-Harvard neighborhood was
charged with conspiring with a businessman to bribe a city employee in order to
receive payment from a $25,000 city grant despite the project's failure to
achieve the equal opportunity employment goals required by the grant agreement,
said Steven M. Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and
Stephen D. Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Cleveland office.

Lawrence Payten, 57, of Cleveland, was charged via criminal information with one
count of conspiracy to commit honest services mail fraud.

Payten worked at a nonprofit community organization that promoted commercial
development in Cleveland's Lee-Harvard neighborhood. Lejon C. Woods worked as a
contract compliance officer in the City of Cleveland's Office of Equal
Opportunity. Woods previously pleaded guilty to receiving bribes from three
other businesses.

Between November 2009 and August 2010, Payten and Woods accepted cash bribes
from a businessman identified in the charges as "Co-Conspirator 1". This person
was a businessman who worked with Payten to locate land in the Lee-Harvard
neighborhood to build a retail food and beverage business, according to the
information.

The businessman and the City of Cleveland entered into Neighborhood Capital
Funds Grant Agreement. The city awards funds for certain construction or
rehabilitation projects and the recipients are subject to certain hiring goals.
In this project, the Office of Equal Opportunity set a subcontractor
participation goal of 15 percent for minority business enterprises, 7 percent
for female business enterprises and 8 percent for Cleveland Area Small
Businesses, according to the information.

Payten, Woods and the businessman met at City Hall in November 2009. Payten and
the businessman told Woods that the businessman was not going to meet the OEO
subcontractor guidelines and asked Woods to help them cover up the lack of
compliance so the businessman could still receive the $25,000 Neighborhood
Capital Funds disbursement, according to the information.

About two weeks later, Woods met with Payten and the businessman, in which the
businessman paid Woods $1,500, promised Woods an additional $1,500 and promised
Payten $2,500 for facilitating the arrangement between Woods and the
businessman, according to the information.

Woods then falsified the OEO compliance documents relating to the construction
project. On August 20 2010, the businessman received a NCF grant check for
$25,000. Four days later, the businessman gave Woods the additional $1,500,
according to the information.

"These rules were put in place to extend opportunity to other businesses, but
Payten and his co-conspirators put their own financial gain above the rules,"
Dettelbach said.

"Bribing a public official to fabricate numbers in order to avoid minority
mandate requirements is never acceptable," Anthony said. "The FBI will continue
efforts to root out those that attempt to skirt the law by paying off an
official."

This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Adam Hollingsworth and
Henry F. DeBaggis following an investigation by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

If convicted, the defendants' sentences will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

A charge is not evidence of guilt. A defendant is entitled to a fair trial in
which it will be the government's burden to prove guilt beyond a reasonable
doubt. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             533 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 4, 2014 Friday

Washington: Six Defendants Indicted in Alleged Conspiracy to Bribe Government
Officials in India to Mine Titanium Minerals

LENGTH: 1457  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A federal indictment returned under seal in June 2013 and unsealed today charges
six foreign nationals, including a Ukrainian businessman and a government
official in India, with participating in an alleged international racketeering
conspiracy involving bribes of state and central government officials in India
to allow the mining of titanium minerals. Five of the six defendants are also
charged with conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA),
among other offenses.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Department of Justice's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Zachary T. Fardon for the Northern District of
Illinois and Special Agent in Charge Robert J. Holley of the FBI's Chicago Field
Office made the announcement.

"Fighting global corruption is part of the fabric of the Department of Justice,"
said Acting Assistant Attorney General O'Neil. "The charges against six foreign
nationals announced today send the unmistakable message that we will root out
and attack foreign bribery and bring to justice those who improperly influence
foreign officials, wherever we find them."

"Criminal conspiracies that extend beyond our borders are not beyond our reach,"
said U.S. Attorney Fardon. "We will use all of the tools and resources available
to us to ensure the integrity of global business transactions that involve U.S.
commerce."

"This case is another example of the FBI's willingness to aggressively
investigate corrupt conduct around the globe" said Special Agent in Charge
Holley. "With the assistance of our law enforcement partners, both foreign and
domestic, we will continue to pursue those who allegedly bribe foreign officials
in return for lucrative business contracts."

Beginning in 2006, the defendants allegedly conspired to pay at least $18.5
million in bribes to secure licenses to mine minerals in the eastern coastal
Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The mining project was expected to generate more
than $500 million annually from the sale of titanium products, including sales
to unnamed "Company A," headquartered in Chicago.

One defendant, Dmitry Firtash, aka "Dmytro Firtash" and "DF," 48, a Ukrainian
national, was arrested March 12, 2014, in Vienna, Austria. Firtash was released
from custody on March 21, 2014, after posting 125 million euros (approximately
$174 million) bail, and he pledged to remain in Austria until the end of
extradition proceedings.

Five other defendants remain at large: Andras Knopp, 75, a Hungarian
businessman; Suren Gevorgyan, 40, of Ukraine; Gajendra Lal, 50, an Indian
national and permanent resident of the United States who formerly resided in
Winston-Salem, N.C.; Periyasamy Sunderalingam, aka "Sunder," 60, of Sri Lanka;
and K.V.P. Ramachandra Rao, aka "KVP" and "Dr. KVP," 65, a Member of Parliament
in India who was an official of the state government of Andhra Pradesh and a
close advisor to the now-deceased chief minister of the State of Andhra Pradesh,
Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy.

The five-count indictment was returned under seal by a federal grand jury in
Chicago on June 20, 2013. All six defendants were charged with one count each of
racketeering conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy, and two counts of
interstate travel in aid of racketeering. Five defendants, excluding Rao, were
charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA.

As alleged in court documents, Firtash controls Group DF, an international
conglomerate of companies that was directly and indirectly owned by Group DF
Limited, a British Virgin Islands company. Group DF companies include: Ostchem
Holding AG, an Austrian company in the business of mining and processing
minerals, including titanium; Global Energy Mining and Minerals Limited, a
Hungarian company, and Bothli Trade AG, a Swiss company, for which Global Energy
Mining and Minerals was the majority shareholder. In April 2006, Bothli Trade
and the state government of Andhra Pradesh agreed to set up a joint venture to
mine various minerals, including ilmenite, a mineral which may be processed into
various titanium-based products such as titanium sponge, a porous form of the
mineral that occurs in the processing of titanium ore.

In February 2007, Company A entered into an agreement with Ostchem Holding,
through Bothli Trade, to work toward a further agreement that would allow Bothli
Trade the ability to supply 5 million to 12 million pounds of titanium sponge
from the Indian project to Company A on an annual basis. The mining project
required licenses and approval of both the Andhra Pradesh state government and
the central government of India before the licenses could be issued.

As alleged in the indictment, the defendants used U.S. financial institutions to
engage in the international transmission of millions of dollars for the purpose
of bribing Indian public officials to obtain approval of the necessary licenses
for the project. They allegedly financed the project and transferred and
concealed bribe payments through Group DF, and used threats and intimidation to
advance the interests of the enterprise's illegal activities.

According to the indictment, Firtash was the leader of the enterprise and caused
the participation of certain Group DF companies in the project. Firtash
allegedly met with Indian government officials, including Chief Minister Reddy,
to discuss the project and its progress, and authorized payment of at least
$18.5 million in bribes to both state and central government officials in India
to secure the approval of licenses for the project. Firtash also allegedly
directed his subordinates to create documents to make it falsely appear that
money transferred for the purpose of paying these bribes was transferred for
legitimate commercial purposes, and he appointed various subordinates to oversee
efforts to obtain the licenses through bribery.

As alleged in the indictment, Knopp supervised the enterprise and, together with
Firtash, met with Indian government officials. Knopp also met with Company A
representatives to discuss supplying titanium products from the project.
Gevorgyan allegedly traveled to Seattle and met with Company A representatives.
Gevorgyan also engaged in other activities, including allegedly signing false
documents, monitoring bribe payments and coordinating transfers of money to be
used for bribes. Lal, also known as "Gaj," allegedly engaged in similar
activities, reported to Firtash and Knopp on the status of obtaining licenses,
and recommended whether, and in what manner, to pay certain bribes to government
officials.

The indictment further alleges that Sunderalingam met with Rao to determine the
total amount of bribes and advised others on the results of the meeting, and he
identified various foreign bank accounts held in the names of nominees outside
India that could be used to funnel bribes to Rao. Rao allegedly solicited bribes
for himself and others in return for approving licenses for the project, and he
warned other defendants concerning the threat of a possible law enforcement
investigation of the project.

The indictment lists 57 transfers of funds between various entities, some
controlled by Group DF, in various amounts totaling more than $10.59 million
beginning April 28, 2006, through July 13, 2010.

The indictment seeks forfeiture from Firtash of his interests in Group DF
Limited and its assets, including 14 companies registered in Austria and 18
companies registered in the British Virgin Islands, as well as 127 other
companies registered in Cyprus, Germany, Hungary, the Netherlands, Seychelles,
Switzerland, the United Kingdom and one unknown jurisdiction and all funds in 41
bank accounts in several of those same countries. Furthermore, the indictment
seeks forfeiture from all six defendants of more than $10.59 million.

This case is being investigated by the FBI's Chicago Field Office. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Amarjeet Bhachu and Michael Donovan
of the Northern District of Illinois and Trial Attorney Ryan Rohlfsen of the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

The Justice Department has worked closely with and has received significant
assistance from its law enforcement counterparts in Austria, as well as the
Hungarian National Police, and greatly appreciates their assistance in this
matter. Significant assistance was also provided by the Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs.

An indictment contains only charges and is not evidence of guilt. The defendants
are presumed innocent and are entitled to a fair trial at which the government
has the burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             534 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 2, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Six Defendants Indicted in Alleged Conspiracy to Bribe Government
Officials in India to Mine Titanium Minerals

LENGTH: 1459  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A federal indictment returned under seal in June 2013 and unsealed today charges
six foreign nationals, including a Ukrainian businessman and a government
official in India, with participating in an alleged international racketeering
conspiracy involving bribes of state and central government officials in India
to allow the mining of titanium minerals. Five of the six defendants are also
charged with conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA),
among other offenses.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Department of Justice's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Zachary T. Fardon for the Northern District of
Illinois, and Special Agent in Charge Robert J. Holley of the FBI's Chicago
Field Office made the announcement.

"Fighting global corruption is part of the fabric of the Department of Justice,"
said Acting Assistant Attorney General O'Neil. "The charges against six foreign
nationals announced today send the unmistakable message that we will root out
and attack foreign bribery and bring to justice those who improperly influence
foreign officials, wherever we find them."

"Criminal conspiracies that extend beyond our borders are not beyond our reach,"
said U.S. Attorney Fardon. "We will use all of the tools and resources available
to us to ensure the integrity of global business transactions that involve U.S.
commerce."

"This case is another example of the FBI's willingness to aggressively
investigate corrupt conduct around the globe," said Special Agent in Charge
Holley. "With the assistance of our law enforcement partners, both foreign and
domestic, we will continue to pursue those who allegedly bribe foreign officials
in return for lucrative business contracts."

Beginning in 2006, the defendants allegedly conspired to pay at least $18.5
million in bribes to secure licenses to mine minerals in the eastern coastal
Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The mining project was expected to generate more
than $500 million annually from the sale of titanium products, including sales
to unnamed Company A, headquartered in Chicago.

One defendant, Dmitry Firtash, aka "Dmytro Firtash" and "DF," 48, a Ukrainian
national, was arrested March 12, 2014, in Vienna, Austria. Firtash was released
from custody on March 21, 2014, after posting 125 million euros (approximately
$174 million) bail, and he pledged to remain in Austria until the end of
extradition proceedings.

Five other defendants remain at large: Andras Knopp, 75, a Hungarian
businessman; Suren Gevorgyan, 40, of Ukraine; Gajendra Lal, 50, an Indian
national and permanent resident of the United States who formerly resided in
Winston-Salem, North Carolina; Periyasamy Sunderalingam, aka "Sunder," 60, of
Sri Lanka; and K.V.P. Ramachandra Rao, aka "KVP" and "Dr. KVP," 65, a member of
Parliament in India who was an official of the state government of Andhra
Pradesh and a close advisor to the now-deceased chief minister of the state of
Andhra Pradesh, Y.S. Rajasekhara Reddy.

The five-count indictment was returned under seal by a federal grand jury in
Chicago on June 20, 2013. All six defendants were charged with one count each of
racketeering conspiracy and money laundering conspiracy and two counts of
interstate travel in aid of racketeering. Five defendants, excluding Rao, were
charged with one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA.

As alleged in court documents, Firtash controls Group DF, an international
conglomerate of companies that was directly and indirectly owned by Group DF
Limited, a British Virgin Islands company. Group DF companies include: Ostchem
Holding AG, an Austrian company in the business of mining and processing
minerals, including titanium; Global Energy Mining and Minerals Limited, a
Hungarian company; and Bothli Trade AG, a Swiss company, for which Global Energy
Mining and Minerals was the majority shareholder. In April 2006, Bothli Trade
and the state government of Andhra Pradesh agreed to set up a joint venture to
mine various minerals, including ilmenite, a mineral that may be processed into
various titanium-based products such as titanium sponge, a porous form of the
mineral that occurs in the processing of titanium ore.

In February 2007, Company A entered into an agreement with Ostchem Holding,
through Bothli Trade, to work toward a further agreement that would allow Bothli
Trade the ability to supply five million to 12 million pounds of titanium sponge
from the Indian project to Company A on an annual basis. The mining project
required licenses and approval of both the Andhra Pradesh state government and
the central government of India before the licenses could be issued.

As alleged in the indictment, the defendants used U.S. financial institutions to
engage in the international transmission of millions of dollars for the purpose
of bribing Indian public officials to obtain approval of the necessary licenses
for the project. They allegedly financed the project and transferred and
concealed bribe payments through Group DF and used threats and intimidation to
advance the interests of the enterprise's illegal activities.

According to the indictment, Firtash was the leader of the enterprise and caused
the participation of certain Group DF companies in the project. Firtash
allegedly met with Indian government officials, including Chief Minister Reddy,
to discuss the project and its progress and authorized payment of at least $18.5
million in bribes to both state and central government officials in India to
secure the approval of licenses for the project. Firtash also allegedly directed
his subordinates to create documents to make it falsely appear that money
transferred for the purpose of paying these bribes was transferred for
legitimate commercial purposes, and he appointed various subordinates to oversee
efforts to obtain the licenses through bribery.

As alleged in the indictment, Knopp supervised the enterprise and, together with
Firtash, met with Indian government officials. Knopp also met with Company A
representatives to discuss supplying titanium products from the project.
Gevorgyan allegedly traveled to Seattle and met with Company A representatives.
Gevorgyan also engaged in other activities, including allegedly signing false
documents, monitoring bribe payments, and coordinating transfers of money to be
used for bribes. Lal, also known as "Gaj," allegedly engaged in similar
activities, reported to Firtash and Knopp on the status of obtaining licenses,
and recommended whether, and in what manner, to pay certain bribes to government
officials.

The indictment further alleges that Sunderalingam met with Rao to determine the
total amount of bribes and advised others on the results of the meeting, and he
identified various foreign bank accounts held in the names of nominees outside
India that could be used to funnel bribes to Rao. Rao allegedly solicited bribes
for himself and others in return for approving licenses for the project, and he
warned other defendants concerning the threat of a possible law enforcement
investigation of the project.

The indictment lists 57 transfers of funds between various entities, some
controlled by Group DF, in various amounts totaling more than $10.59 million
beginning April 28, 2006 through July 13, 2010.

The indictment seeks forfeiture from Firtash of his interests in Group DF
Limited and its assets, including 14 companies registered in Austria and 18
companies registered in the British Virgin Islands, as well as 127 other
companies registered in Cyprus, Germany, Hungary, the Netherlands, Seychelles,
Switzerland, the United Kingdom, and one unknown jurisdiction and all funds in
41 bank accounts in several of those same countries. Furthermore, the indictment
seeks forfeiture from all six defendants of more than $10.59 million.

This case is being investigated by the FBI's Chicago Field Office. The case is
being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Amarjeet Bhachu and Michael Donovan
of the Northern District of Illinois and Trial Attorney Ryan Rohlfsen of the
Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

The Justice Department has worked closely with and has received significant
assistance from its law enforcement counterparts in Austria, as well as the
Hungarian National Police, and greatly appreciates their assistance in this
matter. Significant assistance was also provided by the Criminal Division's
Office of International Affairs.

An indictment contains only charges and is not evidence of guilt. The defendants
are presumed innocent and are entitled to a fair trial at which the government
has the burden of proof beyond a reasonable doubt.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             535 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           October 24, 2007 Wednesday
                                 JERSEY Edition

Two more plead guilty in FBI sting;
They admitted taking bribes while on the Pleasantville school board.

BYLINE: By Troy Graham; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Inq South Jersey; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 552 words


Two more of the New Jersey public officials snared last month in a massive FBI
political-corruption sting pleaded guilty yesterday to charges of attempted
extortion.

Jayson Adams, a former president of the Pleasantville school board, and Rafael
Velez, a member of the board, entered their pleas in federal court in Camden.

They joined former Assemblyman Alfred E. Steele of Paterson, who pleaded guilty
to the charge last week. Twelve people were arrested in the sting, including 11
public officials, all but one of them Democrats.

Five sat on the problem-plagued Pleasantville school board, in Atlantic County.

Adams, 27, admitted accepting $62,200 in bribes in 2006, and said he had
arranged payments to Velez and three other board members in exchange for
steering roofing and insurance-brokerage contracts.

The other three members - Maurice Callaway, James Pressley and James McCormick -
have pleaded not guilty.

The roofing company and the insurance company at the center of the investigation
were led by two men cooperating with federal authorities and working for an FBI
front company called Coastal Solutions L.L.C. in Egg Harbor Township.

Both men - identified by sources as John D'Angelo and Bruce Begg - paid bribes
with money supplied by the FBI and wore wires to record meetings with the
defendants, according to court documents and sources.

In September 2006, the Pleasantville school board voted to award insurance
business to D'Angelo's company.

The investigation, which is continuing, spread throughout the state and beyond
after Coastal Solutions was referred to other public officials.

Charges were filed against two North Jersey assemblymen, three Passaic
politicians, and the Newark City Council president's chief of staff. No charges
have been filed in other states, but sources said Coastal Solutions had met with
public officials in Detroit and New Haven, Conn., and made pitches for business
at a national school board conference in San Francisco.

In addition to admitting taking bribes, Adams stated that he had been present
when Callaway took a $10,000 payment, and that he had arranged a $3,500 wire
transfer to McCormick.

Adams did not say he had witnessed or arranged any payments to Pressley, but
identified him as one of the five board members whose votes could be bought.

Adams did not speak during the hearing other than to respond to a judge's
questions, mostly answering "yes" or "no," and did not speak to reporters
afterward.

Velez, 46, said he had agreed to steer roofing and insurance business for
$15,000. He took a $4,000 cash payment last year, and demanded more.

Adams and Velez must pay back the bribes they accepted. They have posted bail
and were allowed to remain free pending their sentencing, scheduled for Feb. 1.

The charge to which they pleaded guilty carries a 20-year maximum, but under the
federal sentencing formula, Adams faces roughly six years and Velez around three
years.

Their plea agreements do not say whether they must cooperate with the
prosecution of their former colleagues.

"These defendants had the ability to direct taxpayers' funds. . . . They sold
their services," Deputy U.S. Attorney William Fitzpatrick said after the
hearings. "Their breach of the public trust is significant."

Contact staff writer Troy Graham at 856-779-3893 or tgraham@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             536 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                Inside Counsel (formerly Corporate Legal Times)

                                 December 2011

Reviewing 6 of November's top stories

BYLINE: By Julie Beck, Shirley Li

SECTION: INSIDE INSIGHTS

LENGTH: 1154  words


Corruption Catfight

The debate over whether or not to amend the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA)
raged on this month, as lobbyists with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce continued to
push for change, while the Department of Justice (DOJ) continued to reject their
proposals.

The act, which prohibits companies from making bribes to foreign officials, has
begun to be more strictly enforced in the past five years, and has cost
companies more than $4 billion in fines. You can browse these bribes, as well as
all other bribes discovered since 1977 (and their penalties) on this interactive
map created earlier this month by The Mintz Group, which is color coded by the
severity of the fine.

According to the  Wall Street Journal, a slew of high-profile settlements
involving companies, including Siemens and Johnson & Johnson, have made the law
a force to be reckoned with, but the U.S. Chamber of Commerce is saying that an
unclear definition of exactly who is a foreign official is hurting American
business interests abroad. The DOJ, on the other hand, feels that changing the
law sends a bad message to other countries, such as China and the U.K., which
have recently instated anti-bribing laws of their own. Even so, the DOJ said it
will release "detailed new guidance" on the law next year.



Social Media Settlement

On Nov. 29, Facebook finally  reached a settlement with the Federal Trade
Commission (FTC) over charges that the social media company  violated users'
privacy rights in 2009 when it changed its policy, making users' profile
information (including name, city, picture, gender and friends list) public by
default

The  settlement requires Mark Zuckerberg's baby to "get consumers' approval
before it changes the way it shares their data," refrain from "making any
further deceptive privacy claims" and "obtain periodic assessments of its
privacy practices by independent, third-party auditors for the next 20 years."

Zuckerberg admitted that Facebook handled the situation poorly in a Nov. 29 blog
post, and pledged to improve, writing: "I'm committed to making Facebook the
leader in transparency and control around privacy." The settlement and the
statement both arrived in the wake of the announcement that Facebook may soon go
public.



Taxation Troubles

Both Chicago and New York City were smacked down in the courts this month when
they tried to extract taxes from online ticket resellers. The 7th Circuit
upheld a lower court's decision to throw out the city of Chicago's case against
StubHub! Inc. and its parent company, eBay Inc. The Illinois Supreme Court
reviewed the initial decision, saying that local taxes cannot apply to online
retailers. After hearing that, the 7th Circuit affirmed the decision, and denied
the city a rehearing.

A  similar ruling by a New York appeals court struck down the city's law
leveling a 6 percent occupancy tax on hotel-booking websites such as Expedia,
Orbitz, Priceline and Hotels.com. However, this ruling only applies to the tax
year between September 2009 and August 2010 because the New York state
legislature changed its tax methodology in 2010, allowing New York City to
collect the tax under state law instead of local law.


Lockout and Lawsuit

The end to the NBA lockout finally arrived Thursday, when  players were allowed
back at team practice facilities for the first time since the dispute began July
1. According to  the New York Times, the players are re-forming their union and
will work on a new labor deal.

Still, the rough road back to the hardwood continues for both players and
owners, as talks have finally reached the courtroom. November saw lengthy rounds
of stalemated negotiations over division of revenue,  NBA Commissioner David
Stern's final proposal and its subsequent rejection by the National Basketball
Players Association, which jeopardized the remainder of the 2011-2012 season.

After rejecting the owners' labor agreement ultimatum, the  NBPA officially
dissolved to become a trade association, and filed antitrust action against the
NBA. The players' lawsuits were  consolidated and moved to Minnesota toward the
end of the month in an attempt to expedite the process. The plaintiffs in
Carmelo Anthony, et al v. NBA et al include several players along with Anthony,
such as Kevin Durant and Steve Nash. In return, the NBA also filed a lawsuit in
the Southern District of New York.

David Boies, the players' attorney, said he hopes the consolidated suit will
receive a court date sometime in December.

Though league officials say details of the five-game opening day and the rest of
the season are ready to begin this month, the courtroom battles are just
beginning.


Attentive Agency

November was a busy month for the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC),
which brought a  record-breaking 735 cases in the 2011 fiscal year, according to
a report early last month.

The SEC demonstrated its vigilance in its compliance efforts in early November,
charging  UBS AG with faulty recordkeeping, and later reaching an $8 million
settlement with the Swiss bank. The agency also demonstrated its attentiveness
with Olympus,  interviewing Michael Woodford, the former president fired after
publicly questioning $687 million in advisory fees. Later this month,  the SEC
targeted CPA Mark Konyndyk, formerly a manager at Ernst & Young, for insider
trading.

But not everything went seamlessly for the SEC last month,  as a federal judge
stepped in to block a $285 million proposed settlement with Citigroup. In his
ruling, Judge Jed S. Rakoff of the U.S. District Court in Manhattan challenged
the SEC's decades-old practice of settling with Wall Street giants who rarely
admit wrongdoing. The SEC is expected to address the significant rejection of
its practice, as Rakoff ordered a trial for July.


Money Mystery

MF Global Holdings Ltd. met its demise at the end of October when  a potential
buyer discovered about $700 million in customer money missing. The firm
collapsed, and the effects of the bankruptcy reverberated across Wall Street in
November, beginning with the ousting of CEO Jon Corzine.

As investors began the effort to recovery their money,  two pension funds filed
a lawsuit against seven banks later in the month, including units of Bank of
America, Citigroup, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, Jefferies, JPMorgan Chase & Co
and Royal Bank of Scotland. The suit claims the banks, as well as officials
associated with MF Global, masked risky practices for about $900 million of the
firm's note.

The end of November saw MF Global continue to be shrouded in mystery, with
conflicting reports over the exact amount of missing customer money. The firm
allegedly  moved $220 million the morning of Oct. 31 from its reserve accounts
to customer accounts in its futures merchant operation, leading to the debate
over where the money belongs.

Corzine and other former MF Global officials are scheduled to testify before a
Congressional panel on Dec. 15.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                Copyright 2011 The National Underwriter Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             537 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    September 5, 1980, Friday, Final Edition

GE, 2 Former Execs Indicted In Bribes Case;
Bribery Case Jury Indicts GE, 2 Former Executives

BYLINE: By Charles R. Babcock, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Business and Finance; E1

LENGTH: 636 words


General Electric Co. and two of its former executives were indicted by a federal
grand jury in Newark yesterday for paying a $1.25 million bribe to a Puerto
Rican official for help in obtaining a $92.75 million power plant contract in
the mid-1970s.

The case is only the second of the Justice Department's multinational, fraud
investigations to include corporate executives in an indictment.  McDonnell
Douglas Corp. officials were charged in another bribe case last fall.

The indictment was held up by an unusual last-minute attempt by an attorney for
defendant Charles Mothon to enjoin the grand jury from voting on the cahrges
until additional witnesses were heard.  The effort failed, and the indictment
was returned in late afternoon, just before the five-year statute of limitations
expired on one of the transactions.

A General Electric spokesman said yesterday that the company's auditors
discovered the alleged bribe attempt five years ago and promptly reported it to
authorities in the United States and Puerto Rico.

"We did uncover it, we did report it; we have been cooperating (with the
authorities) for the past five years," said GE spokesman Larry Vaber.

Named in the seven-count fraud and conspiracy indictment were GE; Twombly Inc.
of New Jersey; Schenectady Turbine Services Ltd. of New York; Hoyt P. Steele,
who was vice president and general manager of GE's international sales division;
Robert F.  Naples, international sales manager for the company's gas turbine
products division; and Mothon, and executive of a GE subcontractor.

According to the indictment, the defendants agreed during 1973 that it would be
necessary to pay an official of the Puerto Rico Water Resources Authority to
secure the contract on the proposed power plant. Carlos Velazquez Toro, chief of
operations for the water authority, is named in the indictment as the recipient
of the bribe.  He is dead, the Justice Department said yesterday.

To generate the money for the pay off, the GE officials arranged to have a
subcontractor, Twombly Inc., be paid inflated prices for equipment normally
purchased by the corporation, the indictment charged.  Twombly then arranged to
have the bribe money wired or mailed to Toro in Puerto Rico, the charges said.

In return, Toro would pass GE confidential information about the proposed power
plant contact -- called the STAG project at Aguirre -- through Mothon.  "This
confidential information and other assistance provided by Carlos Valazquez Toro
gave the defendant GE a competitive advantage over other companies competing for
the STAG project," the indictment said.

GE received the contract in March 1974.

Three specific payments are outlined in the charges.  The first alleged payment
is a $94,441 wire transfer from a New Jersey bank to the Bank of Nova Scotia in
New York on Sept 5, 1975 -- exactly five years ago.  A $70,831 wire transfer
using the same banks was completed on Dec. 15, 1975, the indictment said.  And a
check for $212,490 was mailed from New Jersey to a Mothon company in Bermuda on
June 27, 1976, it said.

The defendants are charged with violating the Travel Act on each of the three
fraud counts.  They also are charged with conspiracy to defraud the citizens of
the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico of Toro's faithful services.

Each count is punishable by five years in prison and a $10,000 fine.

The investigation was conducted by the multinational fraud branch at Justice and
the multinational currency group of the U.S Customs Service.

In his unsuccessful effort to block the grand jury indictment, Matthew Boyland,
Mothon's attorney, argued that any of the alleged bribery transactions took
place more than five years ago.  But the indictment alleges specific payments
within the statute of limitations.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                             538 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                            November 1, 2013 Friday

Narragansett developer indicted in bribery scandal

BYLINE: R.I. Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 309  words


A federal grand jury in Providence has indicted a Narragansett developer and his
company in connection with the ongoing investigation into municipal corruption
in North Providence, U.S. Attorney Peter F. Neronha announced.

Richard P. Baccari Sr., 71, and his company, Churchill & Banks Cos., were each
charged with one count of conspiracy and one count of bribery.

The indictment alleges that Baccari and his company paid a $50,000 bribe to
three now-convicted North Providence town councilmen, Joseph S. Burchfield,
Raymond L. Douglas III and John A. Zambarano, in exchange for enough favorable
council votes to approve a zoning change to a 6-acre parcel of land for the
development of a supermarket. Baccari and Churchill & Banks allegedly paid the
bribe through middleman Robert S. Ciresi, a former attorney who was also
convicted and imprisoned for his role in the scheme.

The supermarket project was first presented to the Town Council in early October
2008 and eventually was approved by a 7-0 vote. According to the indictment, the
bribe money was delivered on Baccari's and Churchill & Bank's behalf by Ciresi
shortly after the council's vote. Disbursement of the bribe money was completed
the next day.

In March 2011, Burchfield, Douglas and Zambarano pleaded guilty to their roles
in the kickback scheme and are currently serving sentences ranging from 64 to 78
months in federal prison. Ciresi is serving 63 months.

If convicted of conspiracy, Baccari faces statutory penalties of up to five
years' imprisonment and a fine of up to $250,000. The bribery charge carries
statutory penalties of up to 10 years' imprisonment and a fine of up to
$250,000.

Churchill & Banks faces statutory fines of up to $1 million.

http://www.rilawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             539 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    April 7, 1989, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

AGNEW IS OVERRULED ON TAX DEDUCTION

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 387 words


SACRAMENTO, Calif. - The California tax board ruled Thursday that former Vice
President Spiro Agnew was not entitled to a tax deduction on the $142,500 he
paid as restitution for bribes he collected while governor of Maryland. In a
unanimous decision, the State Board of Equalization argued that requiring
California taxpayers to foot the bill for Agnew's wrongdoing would be unfair.
Agnew, a resident of Rancho Mirage, Calif., claimed the deduction on his 1982
California tax return after a Maryland judge ordered him to reimburse Maryland
for the bribes he had accepted, plus $101,235 in interest. A California state
auditor rejected the deduction, assessing Agnew additional taxes plus interest.
The former vice president, who resigned in 1973 as part of an agreement with
federal prosecutors, appealed the decision to the Board of Equalization, saying
he was entitled to a deduction because the restitution was made to satisfy a
court order.  But the board ruled Thursday that Agnew had failed to cite any
statute justifying his claim.  ''It would hardly be 'equitable' for the
taxpayers of California essentially to foot the bill for part of (his liability
to the taxpayers of Maryland for bribes received while he was a resident and
elected official of that state,'' the board added.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             540 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Two Former Cook County Board of Review Analysts Sentenced to Prison
for Accepting a Bribe to Arrange Property Tax Reductions

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:
Two former analysts for the Cook County Board of Review were sentenced today for
accepting $1,500 to facilitate reducing by more than $10,000 the property taxes
on three residential properties. Thomas Hawkins was sentenced to 24 months in
prison, and John Racasi was sentenced to 18 months in prison after they were
convicted of federal conspiracy, bribery, and fraud charges. They were captured
scheming with others to facilitate reducing property tax assessments in exchange
for bribes in undercover recordings that were played at their week-long trial
last October in U.S. District Court.

Hawkins, 50, and Racasi, 53, half-brothers and both of Chicago, were analysts on
the staff of one of the three Board of Review commissioners in September 2008
when they accepted the $1,500 bribe payment. Each of the three commissioners has
analysts who handle residential property tax appeals, and at least two of the
three commissioners' analysts must agree in order to reduce the Cook County
Assessor's property tax assessments.

"Offenses like [these] betray the citizens who pay property taxes in Cook County
and who expect the process in place for assessing property values and appealing
those property tax assessments to operate fairly and legitimately," Assistant
U.S. Attorneys Margaret J. Schneider and Michael T. Donovan, argued at
sentencing.

According to the evidence at trial, Ali Haleem, a former Chicago police officer
who began cooperating with the FBI in July 2008 and is awaiting sentencing on
other federal charges, was introduced to Hawkins, who, in turn, introduced him
to Racasi. Haleem recorded numerous meetings and telephone conversations with
both defendants in which they discussed facilitating property tax assessment
reductions in exchange for bribes.

In September 2008, Haleem, Hawkins, and Racasi discussed the specifics of the
bribe Haleem would pay for reducing tax assessments on properties in Chicago,
Burbank, and Tinley Park. On September 11, 2008, Hawkins and Racasi agreed to
reduce the assessed values on properties Haleem owned in Chicago and Burbank, as
well as a property in Tinley Park owned by another individual, for three years
beginning with the 2008 tax year. Hawkins and Racasi provided Haleem with
analysis sheets for these properties, which could be used to calculate the tax
savings that a property owner would realize over the three-year period. In
return for the $1,500 bribe, Hawkins and Racasi promised Haleem a total tax
savings for the three properties over the threeyear period of at least
approximately $10,000. The payment was made on September 17, 2008, when Haleem
met with Hawkins and Racasi and handed the money to Racasi. Hawkins assured
Haleem that Racasi would later provide Hawkins with his share of the money.

Hawkins and Racasi also facilitated a reduction in property tax assessments on
11 condominium units in Chicago, expecting to receive bribe payments that Haleem
would collect from the property owners once the reductions were verified.

The sentences were announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney for
the Northern District of Illinois, and Robert J. Holley, Special Agent in Charge
of the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The FBI's Chicago
City Public Corruption Task Force led the investigation with assistance from the
Chicago Police Department's Internal Affairs Division, which is a task force
member.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             541 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 8, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

VENEZIA HAS HEARING TO RETAIN LICENSE

BYLINE: By STEVEN CRIST

SECTION: Section B; Page 13, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 525 words


Michael Venezia argued yesterday that his jockey's license should not be revoked
for failing to report a bribe offer to fix a horse race. He said that the offer
was merely idle conversation and that he did not construe it as an attempted
bribe.

Venezia, a successful jockey in New York since 1964, testified yesterday at a
hearing at which the State Racing and Wagering Board had ordered him to show
cause why his license should not be revoked.  The board's order stemmed from
information Venezia volunteered last summer at a public hearing into fixed races
at New York thoroughbred tracks in 1974 and 1975.

Venezia testified at the 1980 Federal racketeering trial of the former jockey
Con Errico that he turned down a $7,500 bribe offer from Errico to hold back a
horse in 1974 at Saratoga. Venezia has maintained that he reported that incident
to three track stewards, although two of them have contradicted the claim and
the third has been incapacitated by a stroke.

The board's current action against Venezia, however, refers to a previous offer
or conversation between Venezia and Errico. At the public hearings last summer,
Venezia said Errico had approached him in the locker room at Belmont Park in
June 1974 and suggested that ''it might be possible to get as much as $3,500 to
finish out of the money.''

At the hearings last summer, Venezia did not dispute lawyers who frequently
referred to this incident as a bribe offer. Yesterday, however, Venezia said
that he had been ''confused'' by questions at the hearings and had mixed up the
two incidents.

''If I had thought it was a direct offer, I would have reported it,'' he said
yesterday under cross-examination.  Venezia's lawyer, Peter Fleming, attempted
to characterize his client as ''the most honest jockey in New York'' and
repeatedly pointed out that Venezia has been one of only a few jockeys who have
been cooperative with the race-fixing investigation.

Mr. Fleming said after the hearing yesterday that he would file a motion to
dismiss the board's show-cause order on the ground of insufficient evidence.
Harry Snyder, a member of the State Racing Commission, who is presiding over the
hearing, said he would decide the case after receiving further motions and
replies in the first or second week in October.

Venezia is one of three jockeys whose licenses have been threatened as a result
of the board's investigation of race fixing. Jaime Arellano's license was
revoked two months ago for his concealing information about a bribe offer to
board investigators. Jacinto Vasquez, who has twice ridden the winner of the
Kentucky Derby, will face charges Sept. 28 that he attempted to bribe the jockey
Eddie Maple to hold back a horse at Saratoga in 1974.

Three other former jockeys, including Errico, who is serving a five-year
sentence for racketeering, have been barred from riding because of their
involvement in race-fixing. The others are Jose Amy and Ben Feliciano.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             542 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 October 14, 1989, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

AGENCY PLEADS INNOCENT TO BRIBERY CHARGES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 307 words


HARTFORD, Conn. (AP) - Young & Rubicam, one of the nation's largest advertising
agencies, pleaded innocent Friday to charges it paid nearly $1 million in bribes
to Jamaican officials for the island's lucrative tourism campaign. Two of the
company's executives and a former executive also pleaded innocent Friday in U.S.
District Court.  The two former Jamaican officials charged with accepting the
bribes, former Minister of Tourism Anthony Abrahams and an adviser, Arnold Foote
Jr., were not in court.  Arrest warrants were issued for the two, but have not
been served, said U.S. Attorney Stanley Twardy Jr. The U.S. government will
begin extradition proceedings against them because they haven't surrendered
voluntarily, he said.  Abrahams' lawyer Abe Dabdoub has denied that Abrahams
received kickbacks for awarding the tourism board's account to Young & Rubicam.
The case was poorly investigated ''with malice in mind,'' Dabdoub said.
Abrahams held the post from 1981-84. He is now a tourism consultant for several
Caribbean countries, including Haiti.  Foote is now president of the Advertising
Agencies Association of Jamaica.  He denied in a statement last week that he was
ever a government official or adviser.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO by AP ... Mark Kumpel of the Winnipeg Jets tries to stop
Detroit's Steve Yzerman from getting the puck in the first period of Thursday
night's game in Detroit.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             543 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

Former Member of Westminster Planning Commission to Face Federal Charge of
Soliciting Bribe to Help Obtain a Liquor License

LENGTH: 392  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Central District of California has
issued the following news release:



  A former member of the Planning Commission for the City of Westminster is
scheduled to be arraigned today on charges of soliciting and receiving a $15,000
bribe to help a person obtain a liquor license.





           Dave Phuong Dinh Vo, 42, of Westminster, is expected to surrender and
be arraigned this morning on one count of bribery in a program receiving federal
funds.



           Vo has agreed to plead guilty to the federal bribery charge.



           "Public officials like Mr. Vo must serve the interests of the public
at all times, and not succumb to the temptation of accepting bribes from those
seeking to influence the process," said United States Attorney Eileen M. Decker.
"The people of Westminster deserve to have confidence that their government is
granting permits based on merit rather than those willing to pay bribes."



           Vo served as a Planning Commissioner in the Orange County city from
early 2009 through August 25, 2011. As a Planning Commissioner, Vo had influence
over the issuance of conditional use permits.



           In June 2011, Vo solicited a $15,000 bribe from a confidential
informant working with the FBI, he admitted in a plea agreement. During August
2011, over the course of four meetings, Vo received payments that totaled
$15,000 in exchange for pushing the liquor license through the city's approval
process.



 "Corrupt activity such as the defendant's in this case leads to an erosion of
trust in government by citizens whose livelihoods depend on decisions made by
elected officials," said Deirdre Fike, the Assistant Director in Charge of the
FBI's Los Angeles Field Office.  "Mr. Vo's admission of guilt is a welcome step
in restoring that trust."



           The charging document, called an information, and the plea agreement
were filed June 2 in United States District Court.



           The bribery charge carries a statutory maximum penalty of 10 years in
federal prison.



           The case against Vo was investigated by the Federal Bureau of
Investigation. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Daniel Ahn of the Santa Ana Branch Office.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             544 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                Vanguard (Lagos)

                               September 15, 2012

FG Loses Bid to Get U.S.$559 Million Halliburton Bribe Fine

BYLINE: Abdulwahab Abdulah

LENGTH: 438 words


The Federal Government yesterday lost in its bid to get part of the $559 million
(about N89. 44 billion) fine imposed by the US Government on Halliburton Energy
Services Ltd for offering bribe to Nigerian officials in its effort to secure
the Liquified Natural Gas, LNG, contract in the country.

The government through the Federal Inland Revenue Services, FIRS, had written to
Halliburton Energy Services Nig. Ltd., in 2009, asking it to pay $167,700 being
30 percent of the $559,000 fines paid by the company to the US authority as
penalty, arguing that the "bribe would have formed part of the expenses that was
charged in the tax returns to FIRS," in Nigeria.

However, not pleased with the development, Halliburton approached the Tax
Appeals Tribunal, sitting in Lagos, asking the court to stop the FIRS from
imposing the tax on them.

In its judgment, the Chairman of the Tribunal, Mr. Kayode Sofola, SAN, nullified
the tax, holding that both the assessment and tax were "defective as being
speculative, contradictory and inconsistent with the relevant tax laws."

The five-man tribunal, in its judgment delivered by Sofola, nullified the reply
filed by FIRS while granting Halliburton Energy Services Nigeria's appeal
against the imposition of the tax.

The US government had imposed the fine on Halliburton Inc. for offering the
bribe to win the LNG plant on Bonny Island, Rivers State.

In its appeal, Halliburton Energy Services Nigeria Ltd, had challenged the tax
imposed on it, adding that, it did not represent Halliburton Inc. USA in Nigeria
and was therefore, not involved in any bribe contrary to the belief in some
quarters.

The tribunal upheld Halliburton appeal and said, "the terms of settlement and
non-prosecution agreement" the Federal Government reached with Halliburton Inc
exempts it (Halliburton Inc.) from imposition of such tax.

It also held that Halliburton Inc. USA was not "chargeable to tax in Nigeria
with regard to the fine it paid to the American government in the circumstances
of the case."

According to Sofola, "for the tax to be imposed on the sum in question, the law
must unambiguously impose the tax on the party sought to be charged with it. The
evidence shows that the fine was imposed for the bribery of Nigerian officials.

What the quantum of the bribe was is not in evidence. The respondent speculates
that the fine of $599m or the entire bribe would have formed part of the
expenses that was charged in the tax returns to FIRS'."

It added that the purpose of the sanction, which was a criminal penalty "is a
loss imposed on the party unless there is evidence to the contrary, which there
is not."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             545 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 16, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Attorney Calls Esposito Too Savvy to Give Bribe

BYLINE: By LEONARD BUDER

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 661 words


The lawyer for Meade H. Esposito yesterday ridiculed the Government's case
against his client and Representative Mario Biaggi, asserting that Mr. Esposito,
the former Brooklyn Democratic leader, was too ''politically savvy'' to bribe a
Congressman for doing his job.

In his concluding statement to the jury in the Federal bribery and conspiracy
trial of the two longtime political figures, Edward Brodsky, the lawyer for Mr.
Esposito, belittled the prosecution's contention that his client bribed Mr.
Biaggi with vacations at a Florida spa. The trial, now in its third week, is
being held in Federal District Court in Brooklyn.

Mr. Brodsky said that if a man as wealthy and as smart as Mr. Esposito wanted to
bribe Mr. Biaggi with a $3,200 spa vacation, he would do it in a way that
''would not leave a paper trail a mile long.''

According to the indictment, the vacations over the 1984-85 and 1985-86
Christmas-New Year holiday periods were bribes given in exchange for Mr.
Biaggi's influence in behalf of a financially troubled Brooklyn ship-repair
company, the Coastal Dry Dock and Repair Corporation. The now defunct company
was a major client of Mr. Esposito's insurance brokerage firm.

'Couldn't He Find 3,200 $1 Bills'

The defense has acknowledged that Mr. Esposito paid for the 1984-85 spa expenses
of Mr. Biaggi and a companion, Barbara Barlow, but said this was an act of
friendship and not a bribe. The indictment contends that the two defendants
entered into a similar arrangement for 1985-86 but that through a mistake the
bill was paid by Mr. Biaggi's former law firm.

In his summation, Mr. Brodsky asked the jurors, ''For a man that's earning that
kind of money, call it $400,000 a year, with travel and entertainment of
$70,000, for a man as smart as Meade Esposito, as politically savvy as Meade
Esposito, a man who's been through the political wars for 50 years, a man who's
seen people rise and fall, couldn't he find 3,200 $1 bills and say, 'Mario, take
it and have a good time with your lady friend?' ''

Mr. Esposito, he said, was completely above-board about the spa vacation because
he had done nothing wrong.

Even after Mr. Esposito left the Brooklyn party post in January 1984, after 15
years in that position, Mr. Brodsky said, his client was ''a powerful man'' who
could telephone politicians and ''they'd take his call.''

'That's the Smoking Gun'

He also said that the intercession by Mr. Biaggi, a Bronx Democrat, in behalf of
the ship-repair company - to get the Navy to expedite disputed payments and the
city to reduce its utility charges - was ''what politicians do all the time.''

Earlier, in the conclusion of his summation, Edward A. McDonald, the chief
Federal prosecutor in the case, pointed to a secretly recorded conversation
introduced into evidence and declared to the jury: ''That's the smoking gun.''

On the recording, Mr. Esposito, apparently referring to Mr. Biaggi's spa
vacations, is heard to tell an associate, ''that's good money invested.''

Mr. McDonald, who spoke for an hour on Monday and five hours yesterday, also
pointed to a ''second smoking gun'' that he said was proof that the defendants
had engaged in a coverup to hide their crimes.

'They Knew They Were Guilty'

That was the recording of a telephone conversation Mr. Biaggi had with Mr.
Esposito on June 2, 1986, shortly after the Congressman was questioned by two
agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

The Government has charged that in this conversation, Mr. Biaggi ''coached'' Mr.
Esposito on what to say when he was questioned about the Florida vacations and
told him not to say anything about a four-day trip, in March 1984, to St. Martin
in the Caribbean that was paid by Mr. Esposito.

''They knew they were guilty, that's why they were covering up,'' the prosecutor
said.

Mr. Brodsky is to conclude today, after which Barry I. Slotnick, who is
representing Mr. Biaggi, will give his closing argument.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Representative Mario Biaggi arriving yesterday at court in
Brooklyn (NYT/Chester Higgins Jr.)

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             546 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 21, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Arlington County Employee Convicted of Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 384  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Francisco Samayoa Hernandez ("Samayoa"), 33, of Silver Spring, Maryland, pleaded
guilty today to receiving bribes in connection with his work as a tax assessor
supervisor at the Arlington County, Virginia Department of Motor Vehicles Select
Office.

Dana J. Boente, Acting United States Attorney for the Eastern District of
Virginia, and Valerie Parlave, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's
Washington Field Office, made the announcement after the plea was accepted by
U.S. District Judge Leonie M. Brinkema.

Samayoa faces a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison when he is sentenced on
June 9, 2014.

In a statement of facts filed with his plea agreement, Samayoa admitted to
receiving approximately $11,480 in bribes from a vehicle exporter in exchange
for providing vehicle titles and falsifying Department of Motor Vehicle
paperwork that allowed the exporter to avoid paying state motor vehicle sales
and use tax in connection with the registration and titling of various luxury
automobiles. In exchange for the bribes, Samayoa enabled the exporter to avoid
paying approximately $24,923 due to the Commonwealth of Virginia for the
registration and titling of a Lamborghini and multiple Ferraris, Porsches, and
Mercedes.

Samayoa was an Arlington County employee, and the Arlington County Commissioner
of Revenue contracts with the DMV to provide vehicle-related services at its
local office.

Samayoa also admitted to serving as a straw buyer for the exporter and
purchasing three BMWs in his name. In connection with these transactions,
Samayoa falsely certified to a dealership that he was not purchasing the vehicle
for export, and the dealership relied on that certification in making the sale.

This case was investigated jointly by the FBI's Washington Field Office and the
Virginia DMV Law Enforcement Division Office of Enforcement and Compliance.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Paul J. Nathanson is prosecuting the case.

Any person who believes they may have information regarding public corruption in
the Northern Virginia area is encouraged to call the FBI's Northern Virginia
Public Corruption Hotline at 703-686-6225 or send an e-mail to NOVAPC@ic.fbi.gov

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             547 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             October 9, 2009 Friday
                                   L2 Edition

Six counties in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 442 words


Cop charged with theft:

A Chicago police officer has been charged with using a co-worker's debit card to
steal money from her bank account while she was being treated for cancer,
according to the Cook County state's attorney's office. Prosecutors said in a
prepared statement that the victim had given George Porter, 46, her debit card
and PIN number on a day when she was not feeling well so that he could buy her
groceries. While Porter was getting the cash, the woman fell ill and became
hospitalized for several days. He did not buy groceries but continued to use the
card for several days, including once at an Indiana casino, while the woman
remained hospitalized, prosecutors said. They said he stole a total of $800.
Porter, of Chicago, has been charged with one count of theft and two counts of
deceptive practices, prosecutors said.

Court employee arrested:

An employee of the Cook County Circuit Court clerk's office was arrested and
charged with soliciting a bribe after allegedly accepting $13,000 from a Texas
woman and telling her he could get her husband out of jail. Bond for Angelo
Colon, 48, of the 3000 block of North Kolmar, Chicago, was set at $150,000,
according to the Cook County state's attorney's office. Colon, who works at the
Cook County Criminal Courts building at 2650 S. California in Chicago, is
accused of accepting the money in six transactions to a currency exchange near
his home after telling the woman he could bribe a judge to free her husband, who
is jailed on drug charges. Earlier this year, the woman disclosed the bribes to
a private defense lawyer, who notified authorities.

Consoles OK for guns:

The Illinois Supreme Court says gun owners can carry weapons in the ordinary
storage boxes built into their cars. The question was whether a compartment for
items like CDs and sunglasses also meets the legal definition of a "case" for
carrying guns. Illinois law lets people carry guns in their cars so long as they
are stored in a case or other container. The court ruled Thursday that a car's
storage box is good enough. The ruling was prompted by a Peoria case in which a
man had been sentenced to 2 1/2 years in prison for carrying two pistols in his
car's storage compartment.

City worker sent to prison:

A former Chicago water department engineer who admitted masterminding a
large-scale heroin ring has been sentenced to more than eight years in federal
prison. George Prado was sentenced Wednesday for conspiring to possess heroin
with intent to distribute it and laundering money. He had pleaded guilty
earlier. Prosecutors said Prado, 50, bought heroin in bulk and sold it wholesale
to street-level dealers.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             548 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                          February 27, 2008 Wednesday

Thailand probes bribes

BYLINE: KONG RITHDEE and PATRICK FRATER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 189 words


BANGKOK

Thailand's Department of Special Investigations is expected Friday to announce
the results of its probe into corruption allegations involving Juthamas Siriwan,
the former head of the Bangkok Intl. Film Festival.

Siriwan allegedly received some $900,000 in bribes from Hollywood producer
Gerald Green and his wife Patricia, co-owners of L.A.-based Film Festival
Management, to secure contracts to run the fest.

The couple were arrested Dec. 17 and indicted Jan. 17. Each pleaded not guilty
to one count of conspiracy to bribe a foreign public official in violation of
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and six substantive counts of violating the
FCPA. They are on bail pending trial in September

The FBI affidavit detailing the scam does not name Siriwan as the recipient of
the bribes, but identifies her as the then-governor of the Tourism Authority of
Thailand and president of the festival. She denies the allegations

Col. Piyawat Kingket, commander of DSI's Special Crime Office, said his agency
will submit reports to the National Counter Corruption Commission. The NCCC
could move to trial, drop the case or launch a fuller probe.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             549 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 12, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

City Scandal: 4 Who Were Convicted

SECTION: Section B; Page 14, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 305 words




Stanley M. Friedman: The former Bronx Democratic leader was convicted of
racketeering. The charges stemmed from his holdings in Citisource Inc., whose
$22.7 million contract to design and produce hand-held computers for city
traffic agents was canceled in January 1986.

Prosecutors contended that Mr. Friedman helped Citisource obtain the contract
without making his holdings known. He was found guilty of paying $60,000 to a
former Parking Violations Bureau official, Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, and Donald R.
Manes, who was the Queens Borough President. That money, the prosecutors say,
was intended to help obtain a contract for Datacom, a computer service company.
The prosecutors contended that the three planned to split 10 percent of the
money Datacom stood to receive if it won the contract.

Michael J. Lazar: The former City Transportation Administrator and former City
Councilman was convicted of paying ''at least $20,000'' in bribes to Mr.
Lindenauer between 1979 and 1982 to help win city contracts for Datacom. Mr.
Lazar was found guilty of offering to bribe Mr. Lindenauer and Mr. Manes in
return for assistance in obtaining a contract for Miller & Rothman, a company he
represented.

Lester N. Shafran: The former deputy transportation commissioner - who was
dismissed as director of the parking bureau in January 1986 - was convicted of
taking $15,400 in ''cash bribes and other things of value'' from a Manhattan
collection agency, Systematic Recovery Services Ltd.

Marvin B. Kaplan: Mr. Kaplan, the chairman of Citisource Inc., was convicted of
agreeing to bribe Mr. Lindenauer and Mr. Manes for their assistance in obtaining
the Citisource contract. The bribes, prosecutors say, were in the form of more
than $1 million worth of Citisource stock that was held in Mr. Friedman's name.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             550 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           December 15, 2007 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Former prisons chief guilty Ex-director admits taking bribes from medical
lobbyists

BYLINE: Rob Olmstead

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 377 words


rolmstead@dailyherald.com

The former head of the Illinois Department of Corrections admitted Friday to
taking bribes in exchange for contracts to administer health care to inmates.

Donald N. Snyder Jr. pleaded guilty to one count of mail fraud and acknowledged
a conspiracy to take bribes in exchange for ensuring two medical companies'
contracts with the state continued and received priority treatment.

Snyder, 52, of downstate Pittsfield, was director from 1999 to 2003. He admitted
receiving $20,000 from John J. Robinson of Algonquin to ensure that Robinson's
client, identified only a as Vendor A in court documents, continued to provide
services to the state.

Robinson, formerly of Barrington Hills and a one-time undersheriff in Cook
County, previously pleaded guilty in the scheme.

Sources confirmed Robinson's client was Addus Health Care of Palatine. Company
spokesman David Bayless declined to comment at length on the matter since the
case is pending, but he said the company was not aware of the misconduct.

Addus is not accused of any wrongdoing.

Snyder also admitted to taking $30,000 in bribes from lobbyist Larry E. Sims, of
downstate Pleasant Plains, in exchange for ensuring that Sims' client,
identified as Vendor B, kept its contract with the prison system. Sims also has
pleaded guilty.

Sources identified the company as Wexford Health Sources Inc. of Pittsburgh,
Penn. Officials of the company, which is not accused of any wrongdoing, did not
return phone calls Friday or in August when Robinson pleaded guilty.

After Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joel Levin and Laurie Barsella outlined the
accusations against Snyder, U.S. District Judge James Zagel asked Snyder if they
were accurate.

"Yes, sir," Snyder replied.

Snyder faces a maximum sentence of 60 months in prison, but recommended federal
guidelines advise 46 to 57 months. However, in exchange for his cooperation and
testimony against another defendant, Michael J. Mahoney, prosecutors will
recommend a lighter sentence of only 23 to 30 months.

Mahoney, of Cassopolis, Mich., is another lobbyist for Addus and has pleaded not
guilty. His lawyer, Thomas Anthony Durkin, has called the charges "baseless."

No sentencing date was set for Snyder.

- Daily Herald news services contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: [snyder_1ne121407jl] JOE LEWNARD/jlewnard@@dailyherald.com Donald
Snyder, right, the former head of the Illinois Department of Corrections, leaves
federal court Friday with his lawyer, Michael B. Metnick, after pleading guilty
to mail fraud.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                             551 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            March 13, 2014 Thursday

Cartel associates guilty in US bribery charge

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 440 words


AUSTIN, Texas (AP) Three Mexican citizens pleaded guilty Wednesday to attempting
to bribe a federal judge who was hearing a case on how the Zetas drug cartel
laundered money by trading in American racehorses.

Franceso Colorado Cessa, son Francisco Colorado Cessa Jr. and business associate
Ramon Segura Flores admitted they tried to arrange a $1.2 million bribe for
District Judge Sam Sparks the day before he sentenced the senior Cessa for his
role in the money laundering, U.S. Attorney Robert Pitman said in a statement.
The men will remain in custody until sentencing.

The scheme to take proceeds from drug sales in the United States and launder
them by purchasing American quarter horses was led by Jose Trevino Morales, the
brother of the Zetas cartel"s two leaders. A jury in Texas found Morales guilty
in May of investing $16 million of drug money in the buying, training and racing
of horses across the Southwest.

Segura and Cessa"s son tried to arrange the bribe to get a more lenient sentence
for the senior Cessa, who already had been convicted for his role in spending
nearly $25 million to buy and sell 500 racehorses to launder drug money. The FBI
and Austin police set up a sting after recording conversations between Cessa,
53, and his son at the Bastrop County Jail in which they discussed how to bribe
Sparks.

A confidential source made contact with Segura and introduced him to two
undercover agents, an FBI agent and an Austin police officer, who said they
could deliver the bribe. But they said it needed to be $1.2 million and include
a $25,000 fee for the undercover agents. One of the agents said he could deliver
a $250,000 down payment to the judge during a game of golf.

Cessa Jr., 25, relayed the plan to his father by telephone and they agreed to go
forward with it, the complaint said.

Segura, 52, and Cessa Jr. demanded a signal from the judge, through use of a
code word during sentencing, to prove that he had accepted the bribe before they
would make a down payment. The undercover agents suggested "golf," a word Sparks
did not use while sentencing Cessa.

On the day of the sentencing, Segura testified for more than an hour and his
attorneys presented extensive documentary and videotaped evidence about Cessa"s
good deeds as a businessman in Veracruz. Sparks, who was unaware of the plan to
bribe him, passed down the maximum punishment of 20 years in prison and federal
agents arrested Cessa Jr. and Segura a few hours later.

There was no indication any other defendant in the horse racing case was
involved in the attempt to bribe Sparks.

___

Follow Chris Tomlinson on Twitter at http://twitter.com/cltomlinson

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             552 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     January 27, 1989, Friday, City Edition

Attorneys wind up arguments in Tampa lawyer's trial

BYLINE: MILO GEYELIN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 599 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



TAMPA - The federal extortion and perjury trial of Tampa lawyer Paul    B.
Johnson involves only two issues - legal fees and the dirt business,    a
federal prosecutor asserted Thursday.

    In this case, said Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph D. Magri, they    were one
and the same.

     In closing arguments after a three-week trial, Magri argued that    the
former Hillsborough County state attorney extorted money from an    Orlando road
construction company in July 1981 so he could pay $ 30,000    in bribes to three
former Hillsborough County commissioners.

     But in counter-arguments, Johnson's attorneys called the    government's
case "sloppy, wrongful and vicious" and pointed to the    bottom line as their
best defense - money. Johnson made so little money    representing Hubbard
Construction Co. that none would have been    available to pay any bribes, said
his attorneys, Richard E. Gerstein    and F. Lee Bailey.

     The arguments summed up three weeks of evidence and testimony in    the
case. Johnson, one of Tampa's best-known lawyers, is accused of    inflating his
legal fee from $ 7,500 to $ 50,000 on the eve of a    Hillsborough County
Commission hearing on whether to grant Hubbard a    borrow pit permit.

     According to prosecutors, Johnson promised former Hillsborough    County
Commissioner Jerry Bowmer that he would pay $ 30,000 in bribes    if Bowmer and
two other commissioners voted in favor of the permit. All    three did.

     "What's this silk-stocking lawyer doing hanging around with them    in
1981?" Magri asked the jurors. "He's playing on their team, that's    what he's
doing."

     Bowmer, a confessed liar who was caught extorting an unrelated    bribe in
January 1983, was the government's main witness against    Johnson. According to
Bowmer, the two met the morning of the commission    meeting to discuss the
bribe amount. Bowmer said Johnson paid him    $ 17,500 in three separate cash
installments after the vote and then    stopped the payments because of
financial difficulties.

     To pay the bribe money, according to prosecutors, Johnson forced    two
Hubbard executives to pay a wildly inflated legal bill or face    losing their
application for a permit.

     The two Hubbard executives both testified that Johnson assured them    no
bribes were being paid and said they were satisfied by his legal    services.

     Speaking in Johnson's defense, Gerstein ridiculed the idea that    Johnson
was reckless enough to pay bribes to a commissioner whom he    sought to have
investigated on marijuana smuggling allegations shortly    before Bowmer's
arrest.

     As for the legal fees, Gerstein maintained that after dividing the
payment among his partners, paying his office overhead and income    taxes,
Johnson earned only $ 2,500 from the $ 50,000 fee.

     Speaking for 45 minutes without notes, Bailey said the case against
Johnson is strictly a vendetta brought by both Bowmer, "a pathological    liar,"
and by reckless prosecutors, a reference to former U.S.    Attorney Robert W.
Merkle.

     Bowmer's motive was revenge for the drug investigation of him that
Johnson instigated before Bowmer's arrest, said Bailey. Government
prosecutors wanted Johnson indicted, Bailey said, because he refused to
cooperate in an unrelated federal investigation of former Hillsborough    State
Attorney E. J. Salcines.



LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE PHOTO; Paul B. Johnson

                            Times Publishing Company


                             553 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             May 18, 1998, Monday,

A DECORATED OFFICER FACES BRIBERY TRIAL;
 CHRIS MURPHY IS ACCUSED OF ACCEPTING A $ 500 BRIBE AND OF TAKING A CAR AS A
BRIBE.

BYLINE: Alan Clendenning Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE, Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 606 words


Jury selection begins today in the trial of a longtime Portland police officer
accused of taking bribes to influence the outcome of two drunken driving cases.

Chris Murphy was one of the city's most-decorated officers until he resigned
last October - two weeks after being indicted on felony bribery and tampering
charges.

An indictment handed down by a grand jury alleges that Murphy, 47, took a $ 500
bribe last year, and took a car as a bribe in connection with a 1995 case.

Murphy, a 22-year department veteran, also is accused of trying to convince a
former Scarborough police officer to withhold testimony or evidence in
connection with a separate 1995 case.

The Scarborough case was the only one that did not result in a conviction of
operating under the influence, but officials say Murphy's alleged attempt to
influence that case was not the reason the OUI charge was dismissed.

Following jury selection this morning in Cumberland County Superior Court,
lawyers are expected to present their opening arguments.

At some point, a prosecutor plans to show jurors a videotape in which Murphy was
filmed while under surveillance by investigators with the state Attorney
General's Office.

Neither the prosecutor, Leanne Robbin, nor Murphy's lawyer, Martin Ridge, would
discuss details of what is on the tape. But Portland Police Chief Michael
Chitwood has previously described its contents as ''sickening.''

Ridge offered another viewpoint that he will bring up during the trial.

''I will say he was set up and that is why he is on the videotape,'' Ridge said.

In his 22 years as a patrol officer, Murphy received 21 commendations, making
him one of the department's most-decorated officers. The only disciplinary
action on his record is a one-day suspension without pay in 1988 in connection
with an improper effort to search an apartment.

Court documents and the indictment detail the three cases Murphy is accused of
influencing. They allege:

On May 15, 1997, Murphy accepted $ 500 from Brenda McLean because McLean wanted
him to try to influence the outcome of a drunken driving case against her
brother, Harold Day, then 34, of Freeport.

Both Day and McLean, who has lived in Kezar Falls, have declined comment on the
case.

Day had been arrested by Maine State Police on Interstate 95 in Freeport in
1996, according to court records. He initially pleaded innocent to an OUI
charge, but changed his plea to guilty on June 11, 1997.

On Oct. 12, 1995, Murphy accepted a 1983 Lincoln Town Car from Vaughan Goodine
because Goodine wanted help trying to get a 1994 drunken driving arrest in
Portland dropped, the indictment said.

Goodine, of Portland, has acknowledged giving Murphy the car in return for help
with the case. But he said in an interview last fall that Murphy, who was not
the arresting officer, did nothing. Goodine pleaded guilty to the charge on Oct.
31, 1995, court records say.

On Aug. 3, 1995, Murphy tried to convince Scarborough police Officer Kevin
Champagne ''to withhold testimony, information or evidence'' in the arrest of
Kevin L. Curty, of Limerick.

A prosecutor dismissed the charge on Dec. 11, 1995, because Champagne did not
appear in court, according to court documents.

Scarborough Police Chief Hollis Dixon said Champagne did not fail to show up in
court on purpose. Dixon said Champagne was not notified about the date of the
court appearance and was at a police training session in Waterville the day it
happened.

Champagne would have appeared in court to testify if he or other Scarborough
officers had been told about the court date, Dixon said.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: b[w]

Chris Murphy A 22-year police officer, Murphy faces felony briber;

 and tampering charges

                Copyright 1998 Guy Gannett Communications, Inc.


                             554 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                             March 26, 2012 Monday

Mexican national sentenced for offering bribe to Border Patrol officer

BYLINE: Sun-News report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 202 words


LAS CRUCES - This morning, a federal judge in Las Cruces sentenced Gabriela
Quintana-Hernandez, 25, of Gomez Farias, Chihuahua, Mexico, to four months in
prison for a bribery conviction.

Quintana-Hernandez has been in federal custody since her arrest on December 1,
2011. According to court filings, Quintana-Hernandez was arrested after offering
a $2,500 bribe to a U.S. Customs and Border Protection officer at the Columbus
Port of Entry.

Quintana-Hernandez pleaded guilty to bribery on January 26, and admitted telling
the officer that she would pay him the money if he would help her get to
Albuquerque, authorities said.

Quintana-Hernandez said she offered the officer the bribe because she did not
have immigration documents permitting her to enter the United States legally.
The officer reported the bribe, and Quintana-Hernandez was arrested at the port,
authorities said.

The case was investigated by Immigration and Customs Enforcement Office of
Professional Responsibility, U.S. Customs and Border Protection, U.S. Customs
and Border Protection Internal Affairs, and the Department of Homeland Security
Office of the Inspector General.

The case was prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Nathan J. Lichvarcik.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2012 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             555 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 1, 1983, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

3 ARE ACCUSED OF BRIBE OFFER ON S.I. PROJECT

BYLINE: By MAURICE CARROLL

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 443 words


A site manager at the New York Exposition and Convention Center and two
electrical contractors who work elsewhere were indicted yesterday on charges of
offering a $100,000 bribe to be named developers of a $32 million shopping and
office center on Staten Island.

According to the indictments, the three men offered to bribe an official of the
city's Public Development Corporation and paid $30,000 to a detective
masquerading as an official.

''They were looking for an inside track,'' District Attorney Robert M.
Morgenthau of Manhattan said at a news conference in his office.  Investigation
Commissioner Patrick W. McGinley said the arrests followed an eight-month
undercover operation.

Announced Plans in November

Those arrested were: Joseph Colabella, 45 years old, of Farmington, Conn., a
site manager for the HRH Construction Corporation at the Convention Center, and
Anthony Bonventre, 34, of 237 Ridgewood Avenue, S.I., and Ronald Borress, 49, of
Pine Brook, N.J., both electrical contractors.

Efforts to reach them for comment were unsuccessful because they were in
custody.  Last November, as Barco Properties Inc., the three announced plans to
build the center on a hill in the Stapleton section, the four-anda-half acre
site of the old Piel's Brewery on Canal Street.

First, the indictments said, they tried to bribe James Stuckey, a senior
development director at the agency, a nonprofit corporation set up to encourage
economic development.

Mr. Stuckey told his superiors.  A detective assigned to the Investigations
Department, Kevin Daly, then posed as Kevin Fitzgerald, a senior development
director of the Public Development Corporation.

Indictment Cites 2 Payments

According to the indictment, the would-be developers soon tried to bribe Mr.
Daly. He collected $10,000 in August and $20,000 in December, the indictments
said.

The indictments also contained these statements: Last June 30, Mr. Bonventre
offered Mr. Stuckey $100,000. Over lunch that same day, Mr. Bonventre and Mr.
Borress told Mr. Stuckey he could ''have an equal share of ownership in the
Piel's Brewery project.''

On July 27, Mr. Colabella joined the two others to meet with Mr.  Daly at
Ponte's Restaurant, 39 Desbrosses Street. On Aug. 6, Mr.  Bonventre agreed to
pay $100,000 to Mr. Daly. On Aug. 26, he handed him $10,000.

On Sept. 13, the three men formed Barco Properties.  On Nov. 15, Barco proposed
to build on the Piel's site.  Yesterday, they were arrested.  They were accused
of bribery in the second degree, punishable by up to seven years in prison, and
criminal conspiracy in the fifth degree, punishable by up to a year in prison.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             556 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 2, 2015 Thursday

Former State Senate Leader Malcom Smith and Former Queens GOP Leader Vincent
Tabone Sentenced in White Plains Federal Court on Bribery and Fraud Charges
Connected to 2013 New York City Mayor's Race

LENGTH: 884  words


Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that former New York State Senate leader MALCOM SMITH was sentenced
today to seven years in prison for bribing New York City Republican Party
leaders, including Queens County Republican Party Vice Chairman VINCENT TABONE,
as part of a scheme to allow SMITH, a Democrat, to run as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013 and for his role in obtaining New York State
funding for a real estate project in Spring Valley, New York, in exchange for
cash bribes paid on his behalf to the New York City Republican Party officials.
TABONE was sentenced to 42 months in prison for receiving bribes and witness
tampering. Both were convicted after a three-and-a-half week jury trial before
U.S. District Judge Kenneth M. Karas, who imposed today's sentences.


Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "Bribes and kickbacks should never
play a role in the selection of candidates for public office. By attempting to
buy and sell a spot on New York City's Mayoral ballot, Malcolm Smith and Vincent
Tabone corrupted one of the most fundamental tenets of the democratic process,
that candidates cannot bribe their way onto a ballot. Today's sentences make
clear that the cost of violating the public trust in this way will be measured
in years in a federal prison."
According to the Complaint and the Indictment filed in federal court and the
evidence presented at trial:
The Bribery and Extortion Schemes
SMITH was first elected to the New York State Senate in November 2000, and
represented a district within Queens, New York. He was chairman of the
Independent Democratic Conference of the State Senate and, among other
positions, has served as the State Senate's minority leader, majority leader,
and acting lieutenant governor. From about November 2012, through April 2, 2013,
SMITH agreed with former New York City councilman Daniel Halloran, who was
convicted in a separate trial, and an undercover FBI agent posing as a wealthy
real estate developer (the "UC"), and a cooperating witness ("CW") to bribe New
York City Republican Party county leaders, including TABONE, in exchange for
their authorization for SMITH to appear as a Republican candidate for New York
City Mayor in 2013, even though SMITH is a registered Democrat.
SMITH participated in two overlapping criminal schemes that involved the payment
of bribes to obtain official action. First, SMITH, a registered Democrat,
authorized the payment of $110,000 in cash bribes to be paid to leaders of the
New York City Republican Party, including TABONE, so that they would allow SMITH
to run for mayor on the Republican Party's ballot line. Second, SMITH agreed to
use his influence to help steer at least $500,000 in New York State
transportation funding to a real estate project the UC and CW had proposed to
develop in Spring Valley, New York, in exchange for the UC and CW paying bribes
on SMITH's behalf to the New York City Republican Party Chairs.  In furtherance
of the scheme, SMITH authorized the UC and the CW to meet TABONE, the Executive
Vice Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party, Joseph Savino, the Chairman
of the Bronx County Republican Party, and other party leaders. During a meeting
with the UC, TABONE accepted a $25,000 cash bribe in a dimly lit SUV parked in
front of a Manhattan restaurant and agreed to accept another $25,000 after his
committee authorized SMITH to compete in the Republican primary. Savino
similarly accepted a $15,000 cash bribe and agreed to accept another $15,000
after he voted to authorize SMITH to compete for the Republican ballot line. In
return for his efforts in negotiating the bribes, Daniel Halloran accepted
$15,500 as a down payment on a "broker's" fee of at least $75,000 and expected
to be appointed First Deputy Mayor if Smith was elected mayor.
Witness Tampering
Shortly before the start of a previously scheduled trial, the Government sought
permission from the Court to take the deposition of Philip Ragusa, the former
Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party. Ragusa, who was gravely ill at
the time, was expected to testify favorably to the Government. Over TABONE's
objections, the Court ordered the deposition to take place. TABONE unexpectedly
appeared at Ragusa's home an hour before the scheduled start of the deposition
and attempted to pressure Ragusa not to testify against him.
* * *
SMITH, 58, of Queens, was also sentenced to two years of supervised release.
TABONE, 48, of Queens, was sentenced to one year supervised release and ordered
to forfeit $25,000. SMITH was ordered to surrender to the Bureau of Prisons on
September 21, 2015. TABONE was ordered to surrender October 1, 2015.
Mr. Bharara praised the outstanding investigative work of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and the Rockland County District Attorney's Office.
This case is being handled by the Office's White Plains Division and Public
Corruption Unit. Assistant United States Attorneys Douglas B. Bloom, Justin
Anderson and Perry Carbone are in charge of the prosecution.
Follow the FBI's New York Office on Twitter. Sign up for our e-mail alerts to
receive the latest information from the FBI's New York Office on breaking news,
arrests, and fugitives. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             557 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           October 30, 2008 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Wilkerson allegedly sought South Shore senators' help;
References to Murray, Morrissey in FBI affidavit

BYLINE: Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: News; pg. 2

LENGTH: 426 words


BOSTON - State Sen. Dianne Wilkerson approached two powerful South Shore
legislators for help as she allegedly took bribes to obtain a liquor license for
a nightclub in her district.

According to an FBI affidavit, Wilkerson asked Senate President Therese Murray,
D-Plymouth, and Sen. Michael Morrissey, D-Quincy, to use their influence with
the Boston license board.

Wilkerson was arrested Tuesday and charged with accepting $23,500 in bribes. She
was freed on $50,000 bail after appearing in U.S. District Court.

Some of the bribe money allegedly came from an FBI informant who wanted to open
a restaurant-lounge called Dejavu in the Roxbury section of her district.

Video and still images showing Wilkerson accepting money and tucking it under
her bra were released Tuesday by U.S. Attorney Michael Sullivan of Abington.

Neither Murray nor Morrissey are identified by name in the FBI affidavit, but
the document makes numerous references to the Senate president (Murray) and a
''Senator Y'' who is chairman of the professional licensure committee
(Morrissey).

Neither Morrissey nor Murray returned calls from The Patriot Ledger seeking
comment.

Wilkerson told the informant that she persuaded Murray to call BostonCity
Council President Maureen Feeney "to press her for a liquor license," according
to the affidavit.

Feeney asked Murray to "facilitate" a meeting between herself, Wilkerson, the
license board chairman and Morrissey, the informant told the FBI.

A meeting eventually took place, but in the meantime, Wilkerson applied pressure
by holding up two bills in the Senate, including one to increase the salaries of
Boston license board members, according to the affidavit.

As this was going on, Wilkerson met from time to time with the informant, who
handed her cash payments ranging from $1,000 to $3,000, the affidavit says.

The meeting Feeney asked for happened Aug. 16, 2007. The outcome was that
Wilkerson would sponsor a home-rule petition authorizing 40 new liquor licenses
and 30 new beer and wine licenses in the city, according to the FBI. Wilkerson
told the informant that at her request, Morrissey drafted the petition, the
affidavit said.

At one point, according to the FBI, Wilkerson told one of its agents who posed
as someone who had joined in the club venture with the informant, that she
slowed down passage of the home rule petition in Morrissey's committee, of which
she was a member, to ensure that Dejavu got a license.

On Wednesday, Wilkerson, 53, vowed to continue her sticker campaign to retain
the Senate seat she has held for 16 years.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: This image made from video allegedly shows state Sen. Dianne Wilkerson
stuffing bribe money under her sweater on June 18, 2007., Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                             558 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 28, 2002, Thursday

THEY PLEAD IN TAX SCAM Say not guilty of 160M ripoff

BYLINE: By ROBERT GEARTY and BILL HUTCHINSON DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 363 words

A cadre of civil servants and real estate consultants pleaded not guilty
yesterday in a massive city bribery scandal - but prosecutors said secret tape
recordings show some city tax assessors were on the take.

The accused cheats filled the jury box in Federal Judge Alvin Hellerstein's
Manhattan courtroom. Each denied charges that since 1997 they took part in a
ripoff that cost the city $160 million in tax revenue.

Federal prosecutors said they have 60 audiotapes that are evidence that 16 city
tax assessors took bribes. And they said that some gambled away their payola.
Decades-old scam The alleged mastermind of the corruption conspiracy, Albert
Schussler, is accused of handing out millions of dollars in bribes in return for
lower property-tax assessments for the landowners he represents.

Prosecutors said Schussler, 85, a former city tax assessor, may have started
paying bribes as far back as 1967.

Also accused of handing out payola is real estate consultant Alan Edelstein, 52,
of Glen Ridge, N.J., whose brother, Joel Edelstein, is among the indicted tax
assessors.

The defendants refused to comment yesterday. Hellerstein set their next court
appearance for May 10.

At least 500 buildings, most in Manhattan, were given artificially low
assessments because of the scam - meaning owners got smaller tax bills,
prosecutors charged. The buildings are owned by some of the city's richest real
estate moguls.

None of the building owners has been implicated in the scam.

Prosecutors said that much of their evidence, including the secret tape
recordings, was collected with the help of three cooperating witnesses.

Sources said that one is former tax assessor Joseph Marino, 73, who pleaded
guilty in 2000 to accepting $4.1 million in bribes from Schussler.

Marino's attorney, Steven Kartagener, described his client as a "degenerate
gambler" who blew his bribery money in Atlantic City casinos.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Sharon McCarthy said some of the other charged tax
assessors also gambled away their illegal gains. "We do have evidence that a
number of people who were involved in this crime did have a history of
gambling," she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KRISTEN ANTZ ACCUSED Former city tax assessor Albert Schussler
allegedly handed out millions in bribes. Alan Edelstein (inset) also is among
those indicted.

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             559 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  April 24, 1995, Monday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Back to the concept of doing right

BYLINE: John Head

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 9A, John Head

LENGTH: 544 words


We recently witnessed an incident that, as Woody Allen might say, was
extraordinary in its "extraordinarity." We were told that a politician had
refused to take a bribe.

Fulton County Commission Chairman Mitch Skandalakis not only reportedly refused
a $ 350,000 bribe for steering county investment funds in a certain direction,
he also reported it to the authorities and helped in a sting that led to charges
being filed in the case. Skandalakis' actions were praised in a press conference
called by the U.S. attorney's office.

Excuse me for sounding like an old fuddy-duddy, but I remember the days when it
was news that a politician was nailed for accepting a bribe. What does it say
about our times that we now make a big deal over one who allegedly turned down
dirty money.

"This is the first time an elected official has come forward and spoken with the
FBI and our office about an attempted bribe," said U.S. Attorney Kent Alexander,
who urged other officials to follow Skandalakis' example.

Obviously, Alexander's suggestion of Skandalakis as a role model isn't aimed at
politicians who take bribes. The implication is that there are officials who
refuse to take bribes but don't bother to report the offers. They just say no
and forget about it.

Now why on earth would elected officials do that? Maybe they fear that even the
disclosure of a bribery overture will somehow taint them in the public mind.
Maybe they think proving a charge of bribery is too difficult to bother with. Or
maybe they believe that the best course of action is to say no to the bribe but
put the supposed briber in touch with their campaign fund-raisers.  I do not
mean to belittle what Mitch Skandalakis has done in the face of what he believed
was an attempt to bribe him. In fact, I applaud his actions. But I applaud it
the same way I would applaud Atlanta Braves second baseman Mark Lemke for
fielding a routine grounder and flipping the ball to first for the out. I
appreciate that he did it, but I would expect him to do it each and every time.

In a more innocent time, making a big deal of what Mitch Skandalakis did would
serve to reconfirm the public's faith in our elected leaders. But it doesn't
have that effect in these days of politicians being captured on videotape
stuffing cash into their pockets or talking about laundering money for drug
dealers or actually using drugs themselves.

In that atmosphere, trumpeting the politician who did the right thing may only
confirm the cynicism and distrust. He's the exception that proves the rule,
those who believe the system is rife with corruption will say.

Finding that kind of attitude among the public might cause some politicians to
wonder why they should bother to do what Skandalakis did. The people who believe
our public offices are full of crooks will believe that no matter what.

That may be so. The only way to shrink the number of people who think that way,
however, is to have more politicians do what Skandalakis did when confronted
with what looks like an attempt to bribe. Such behavior among officeholders
ought to be the rule, not the exception. It should be no big deal at all.

John Head is an editorial writer for the Atlanta Constitution. His column
appears Mondays.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                             560 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 6, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

WITNESS SAYS CABLE EXECUTIVE WAVERED IN ACCOUNT OF BRIBE

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 454 words


A cable television executive had conceded that he could have been wrong in
concluding that he had been asked for a bribe in return for a Queens cable
franchise, a Queens civic leader testified yesterday.

The executive's story that he had heard a bribe proposal from a friend of Donald
R. Manes is the main evidence against the friend, Michael A. Nussbaum, who is on
trial in Queens on charges of having acted ''in concert'' with Mr. Manes to
solicit a $250,000 bribe from the executive, Al Simon, president of
Orth-O-Vision Inc.

Mr. Manes was the Queens Borough President when the solicitation was supposed to
have occurred, in 1981. He committed suicide last year, when he was first
implicated in bribery schemes.

The civic leader, Julian Wager, was called as a defense witness in Mr.
Nussbaum's trial in State Supreme Court in Queens as Mr. Nussbaum's lawyers
continued their effort to convince the jury that Mr. Simon's account was
unworthy of belief.

Paper Bag or Swiss Bank

Mr. Simon testified Monday that Mr. Nussbaum had told him on Oct. 6, 1981, that
Orth-O-Vision, which was then bidding for a Queens franchise, could receive one
''for $250,000 payable to Donald Manes.'' The money, Mr. Simon quoted Mr.
Nussbaum as saying, could be ''placed in a paper bag or an attache case or
placed in a locker or Swiss bank account.''

At the time, Mr. Nussbaum was working for Mr. Simon as a public-relations
consultant.

Mr. Simon testified that he had rejected the payoff proposal. His company was
among those whose bids for a Queens franchise were later rejected.

Mr. Wager, a retailer whose civic activities include serving as chairman of the
cable television subcommittee of Community Board 1 in Queens, testified that he
was a friend of both Mr. Nussbaum and Mr. Simon. He said it was he who had
suggested that Mr. Simon hire Mr. Nussbaum, a public-relations consultant by
profession, to aid Orth-O-Vision's franchise bid.

Mr. Wager noted that last fall he had read a newspaper article saying that Mr.
Nussbaum would be indicted on a bribe-seeking charge based on Mr. Simon's
account to the Queens District Attorney's office.

Mr. Wager testified that after reading the article, he expressed disbelief to
Mr. Simon that Mr. Nussbaum would have solicited a bribe. He testified that he
had suggested to Mr. Simon that, in the 1981 conversation at issue, Mr. Nussbaum
might in some way have been trying to ''promote'' himself as a public-relations
man and that Mr. Simon had misinterpreted the conversation.

''You could be right,'' Mr. Wager quoted Mr. Simon as responding.

''I said, 'Why don't you tell the District Attorney to drop the charge?' '' Mr.
Wager testified. ''He said, 'I wish I could.' ''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             561 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            January 28, 2013 Monday

Ex-Cudahy mayor gets one year in prison for taking bribes

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 534 words


LOS ANGELES - The former mayor of Cudahy was sentenced Monday to one year in
federal prison for taking $5,000 in exchange for supporting a proposed medical
marijuana dispensary.

Authorities said 62-year-old ex-mayor David Silva along with Cudahy Councilman
Osvaldo Conde, 51, and Angel Perales, 44, who ran the Code Enforcement Division
of the Cudahy Community Services Department, received $15,000 in bribes from an
FBI confidential informant.

"Mr. Silva sold the integrity and authority of the mayor's office for his own
personal gain," U.S. Attorney Andrc Birotte Jr. said.

"Elected officials are expected to obey the law. When they don't, those
officials should expect to go to prison."

Perales, who lives in Azusa, was sentenced two weeks ago to probation. Conde
faces a Feb. 25 sentencing for taking bribes from an FBI informant and accepting
two separate bribe payments, officials said.

The three men met the informant at the El Potrero nightclub in Cudahy on Feb. 28
and accepted the $15,000, according to court documents. Conde met the
confidential informant later that night to receive an additional $2,000.

Federal agents recorded conversations in which Cudahy city officials explain
that the City Council planned to approve only one or two permits for marijuana
stores in the city.

According to the affidavit, Perales sought to broker an arrangement between an
FBI informant and city officials in which the informant would make cash payments
in exchange for the officials supporting a request for one of the permits.

Prior to a meeting with Conde and Silva at a Pico Rivera restaurant, Perales
instructed the informant how he should broach the topic of paying the bribes,
and later instructed the informant on how to present the bribes, specifying that
the payments should be in cash only.

Silva's attorney, Patrick Aguirre, wrote the court that his client is truly
remorseful.

"He has totally and completely withdrawn from his local society as a result of
the humiliation and embarrassment this matter has caused to such an extent Mr.
Silva had seriously considered taking his own life," Aguirre wrote.

In his plea agreement, Perales also admitted he tampered with ballots in two
city council elections. Silva, who was first elected to the council in 1992,
allegedly admitted to taking cash and bottles of liquor from a developer
interested in buying city property.

Officials alleged Silva agreed to accept a $50,000 payment from a developer who
wanted to purchase land that the city owned.

It was also alleged that Silva participated in a scheme to take money from a
massage parlor madame who offered cash in exchange for approvals.

Aguirre said his client admitted voting in favor of the developer's purchase of
the land but didn't indicate doing so for financial gain. He pointed out that no
money has been paid to Silva by the developer to date.

Silva acknowledged he and Conde were told they would receive a campaign
contribution in exchange for speeding up the opening of the massage parlor,
according to Aguirre. But he said there is no indication of an agreement between
Silva and the person who wanted to open the parlor and nor has that person paid
anything to Silva.

- from staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             562 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday
                                 Drive Edition

Ex-lawmaker shouldn't be prosecuted, court told ;
CAPITOL;
BUT PROSECUTORS SAY LEFTWICH SHOULD HAVE TO FACE BRIBERY CHARGES

BYLINE: MICHAEL MCNUTT, Capitol Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 993 words


A former state senator charged with bribery shouldn't be prosecuted for alleged
misconduct while she was a legislator because she is protected under a clause in
the Oklahoma Constitution, her attorney told the state Supreme Court on Tuesday.

The speech and debate clause of the constitution provides that lawmakers may not
be brought into court to testify about discussions or debates during the
legislative process, said Robert McCampbell, an  attorney for Debbe Leftwich,
told the court.

McCampbell asked the Supreme Court to strike down part of a ruling handed down
in June by the state Court of Criminal Appeals. In the ruling, the criminal
appellate court, which also refused to stop the criminal case against Leftwich,
said the constitution's speech and debate clause includes an express exception
for felonies. It said lawmakers in 1975 passed a law making it a crime to bribe
a candidate to withdraw from a race or to accept a bribe to withdraw from a
race.

"If the Court of Criminal Appeals' interpretation that the clause simply does
not apply in felony cases survives, that will significantly chill the
discussions of legislators engaged in legislative functions," McCampbell said.

Oklahoma County Assistant District Attorney Scott Rowland, who asked the court
to let the appellate court's ruling stand and allow criminal proceedings to
resume, said legislators are not "super citizens, immune from criminal
responsibility."

"When they commit crimes and those crimes can be proved by evidence not subject
to the speech or debate clause, they should be prosecuted," he said.

"It is our position the speech and debate clause protects legislators who are
engaged in legitimate legislative activity," Rowland said after the hearing.
"It's never legitimate legislative activity to take a bribe. It's never
legitimate legislative activity to offer a bribe or exert influence unduly on an
agency."

The Supreme Court did not immediately issue a ruling.

Criminal case on hold

Leftwich, a Democrat from Oklahoma City, is accused of soliciting and/or
accepting a bribe last year to withdraw as a candidate for re-election. Rep.
Randy Terrill, R-Moore, is accused of offering the bribe - an $80,000-a-year
state job.

The constitutional issue raised by Leftwich has halted proceedings in the
Oklahoma County criminal case against her and Terrill, who also is charged with
bribery.

Leftwich, who attended the hearing but did not speak with reporters afterward,
contends she is immune from prosecution because the Oklahoma Constitution states
"senators and representatives ... for any speech or debate in either House shall
not be questioned in any other place."

Prosecutors have subpoenaed eight current or former legislators to talk about
their involvement with legislation discussed by Leftwich and Terrill, McCampbell
said. Prosecutors also have notes from a legislative staff member who took notes
during conversations with lawmakers, he said.

If legislators have to worry that their conversations and emails will be the
subject of a subpoena as well as the notes being taken by staff members, "that
will materially chill and alter their ability to have candid conversations
regarding legislation," he said. The ruling also alters the balance of power
between the legislative and executive branches, he said.

McCampbell asked the Supreme Court to strike down the June ruling and return the
case to the Court of Criminal Appeals, which then could determine whether the
criminal case against Leftwich should be dismissed.

Rowland said the criminal case against Leftwich and Terrill would proceed even
if the Court of Criminal Appeals ruling is struck down.

"We still have ample evidence to go forward which wouldn't be covered by this,"
he said. "Our prosecution will be able to go forward unless the Supreme Court
does something which would be completely out of step with U.S. Supreme Court
case law."

Justices asked both attorneys several questions during the hourlong  session.

Chief Justice Steven Taylor asked McCampbell more than once how any legislative
immunity offered by the constitution could protect Leftwich and Terrill at
meetings that were held away from the state Capitol, such as a restaurant in
Moore where Terrill and Leftwich, according to prosecutors, met to discuss the
legislation. He also questioned how the constitutional privilege could protect
them if their discussions touched on, as prosecutors alleged, a possible job for
Leftwich.

Justice John Reif asked, "Doesn't this kind of horse trading go on all the
time?"

Reif said the House of Representatives and the Senate have the power to
investigate allegations of misconduct by legislators and have the authority to
discipline them. Lawmakers involved in mischievous deeds also face repercussions
from voters at the ballot box, he said.

Rowland said any punishment handed down by the Legislature should not be the
exclusive remedy.

"That shouldn't divest the criminal justice process from doing its job when the
law is broken," he said. "Furthermore, there has been a special House committee
in session to investigate this for something in excess of six months. So far,
there isn't any reason to think that they're going to take any action."

Prosecutors allege that the position offered to Leftwich was defined and funded
in two bills adopted by the Legislature last year.

The legislation was vetoed by former Gov. Brad Henry after the allegations
surfaced.

Among other things, Terrill pressured officials at the state medical examiner's
office to hire Leftwich, prosecutors say. He was chairman of a House budget
subcommittee that authorized funding for the office.

Terrill, who did not formally join in Leftwich's appeal, attended Tuesday's
hearing. Any ruling by the Supreme Court would affect Leftwich and Terrill
alike.

"I am 100 percent factually and legally innocent," Terrill said.

"I am confident as I always have been that I will be exonerated and ultimately
vindicated."


LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Debbe Leftwich
The former state senator's attorney asked the Supreme Court to return her case
to the Court of Criminal Appeals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             563 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: Essex County Corrections Officer Charged with Taking Bribes to
Smuggle Contraband into Federal Pretrial Detention Facility

LENGTH: 352  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An Essex County corrections officer was arrested today by special agents of the
FBI for taking bribes to smuggle contraband, including cell phones and
cigarettes, into the Essex County Jail, a federal pretrial detention facility,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

John Grosso, 41, of Belleville, New Jersey, was arrested this morning at the
Essex County Jail. He is charged by complaint with one count of conspiring to
commit extortion under color of official right, in violation of the Hobbs Act.
He appeared this afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Cathy L. Waldor in
Newark federal court and was released on $100,000 bail.

According to the complaint:

On multiple occasions between November 2013 and December 2013, Grosso, a
corrections officer at the Essex County Jail, accepted cash bribes of
approximately $1,000 in return for smuggling cell phones and cigarettes to an
inmate. Grosso usually met with the inmate's associate in the parking lot of the
Best Buy store in Secaucus, New Jersey, to accept the contraband packages and
cash bribes, before delivering the packages to the inmate.

Conspiring to commit extortion under color of official right, in violation of
the Hobbs Act, carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford in Newark, and the Internal Affairs
Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the leadership of Warden
Roy Hendricks, with the investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in Newark.

The charge and allegations contained in the complaint are merely accusations and
the defendant is considered innocent unless and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             564 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           September 14, 1973, Friday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 4

LENGTH: 120 words

Sources close to NYC Investigation Dept say on Sept 13 that Comr N Scoppetta
will arrest more than 25 affluent businessmen on bribery charges within next 3
wks as yr-long inquiry into bribing of city officials nears completion;
Scoppetta refuses to discuss matter but source says that while city employes
have reptd bribe offers and some are also expected to be arrested for taking
bribes, investigation's main thrust has been against those businessmen
initiating bribes; investigation is said to cover wide variety of businessmen,
who offered bribes to officials to overlook violations, approve alleged repairs
and speed approval of work completed; after arrests are made, cases will be
turned over to boro Dist Attys

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             565 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                     January 8, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Reinforce, don't bribe, is the rule: When you bribe a child to behave well he
doesn't feel responsible for his actions.

BYLINE: MARGERY ROSEN; NEW YORK TIMES AND SPECIAL FEATURES

SECTION: FAMILY; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 1028 words


Jessica, 3, is a flower girl at the wedding of her father's best friend. To
ensure that she makes it all the way down the aisle without succumbing to myriad
distractions, the matron of honour strikes a deal: There's a chocolate Tootsie
Roll Pop waiting for her when she reaches the altar.

Five-year-old Matt's parents believe that good manners are critical. Whenever
Matt is introduced to one of their acquaintances, he earns a later bedtime on
Friday nights if he shakes hands and politely says, "It's nice to meet you."

If these scenes sound familiar, you have lots of company. One of parenting's
dirty little secrets is that everyone (okay, almost everyone) bribes their kids.

But here's another little secret: While they don't advocate bribery, many
childrearing experts believe that positive reinforcement in the form of
incentives or rewards -- used judiciously -- can be a powerful discipline tool.

"If dangling a treat or a toy in front of your child becomes a habit -- if you
can't persuade him to consistently use good manners, clean up his room, or leave
Toys' R Us unless you buy him a fire truck -- then the system won't work," says
Charles Scott, assistant professor of psychiatry at the University of California
at Davis. "But parents needn't feel guilty if they use rewards once in a while."

The trouble is, many parents find the distinction between bribery and positive
reinforcement hard to make. "There's a big difference," says Dr. Harold
Koplewicz, director of the New York University Child Study Center in New York
City. "A bribe is giving your child something he doesn't deserve. When you bribe
a child, he doesn't really feel responsible for his behaviour, he'll do
something because there's a payoff."

On the other hand, positive reinforcement is given because of hard work or a
change in behaviour noted over time. "An incentive acknowledges consistent
progress. A reward marks achievement," Koplewicz explains. "The difference --
and it's a critical one -- is that the child has earned it." He'll eventually
realize that cooperating makes him feel good about himself, so good that the
behaviour becomes automatic and you can eliminate the reward.

Positive reinforcement can also help children understand that sometimes we have
to do things we don't want to do, things that are boring or difficult. "If a
seven-year-old is struggling with math problems, he may lose all interest in
trying to solve them," says Koplewicz. "There is nothing wrong with using a
carrot to get the donkey moving again." In this way, you may be able to kindle a
child's interest long enough for him to reach the real goal: his personal
pleasure and pride in mastering a subject.

"Rewards and incentives both require time, perseverance, and a well-thought-out
plan that's followed consistently," notes Koplewicz. "Unfortunately, most
parents either use rewards indiscriminately or fail to stick with the program
long enough for a child to incorporate the new behaviour."

What's more, not every behaviour can be modified by using rewards. "Toilet
training and getting a child to eat healthy meals are critical for parents, but
a child must be developmentally ready to accept responsibility for her own body
and be able to recognize that she has the internal control to do so," says
Patricia Henderson Shimm, associate director of the Toddler Center at Barnard
College in New York City. "Prompting a reluctant eater to finish her peas by
promising her some dessert afterward may set you up for a power struggle later
on."

Margery Rosen is a writer based in New York City.

REWARDING THE KIDS: GUIDELINES TO GET YOU STARTED

While you're the one who decides whether (and how) to use rewards, the following
guidelines will help you set up an approach that works for your family:

- Consider what's really important to you. For Joanne, a Baltimore mother,
what's important is that her sons, ages 4 and 6, be gracious when they visit her
in-laws, "or when we're going to a family event where I know that my kids and my
parenting skills are on view. I want my mother-in-law in particular to see that
I'm doing a good job," she says. "So I tell my kids that if they make an effort
to talk to their grandparents instead of zoning out in front of the TV, then the
next day we'll get the new video they've been asking for. I know it's more for
me than for them, but it's the only time I do it, and I've decided it's worth
it."

- Identify an appropriate reward. "Many parents lament, 'He wants for nothing,"'
says Koplewicz. "But simply spending time with a child, going Rollerblading in
the park, playing a board game or baking cookies can be a potent incentive for
even the most gadget-laden children. Hugs, kisses, and words of praise -- you
can't really beat parental approval and recognition.

- Devise a system to track progress. Toddlers, preschoolers and school-age
children respond well to visual cues. Charts with stars and stickers or a jar
that gradually fills with checkers are concrete signs of progress. Once the new
behaviour becomes routine, the pride your child takes in mastering a difficult
task will trigger intrinsic feelings of self-worth.

- Don't overdo it. "I used to be a drill sergeant in the morning, and my
harangues were totally unproductive," says Claire, a clinical social worker in
Washington, D.C., and the mother of Sam, 7, and Jessica, 5. "Often, the only way
I got the kids out of the house on time was to promise one thing or another. And
I resented it." Then she had an insight: "I realized I wasn't respecting their
needs," she says. "Sam's priority was to play Nerf basketball, and Jessica
wanted to colour." Enlightened, Claire was able to reframe her requests. She
told her kids, "We're a team, so we need to work together. Here's the deal: If
you can be ready to go by 8, then you can have 10 minutes to do whatever you
want." It worked.

- A final pointer. If you've become an inveterate briber, stop immediately.
Whenever your child demands a reward, make it clear that good behaviour and
extra effort will be rewarded sometimes, but not always, and never on demand.



LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             566 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

CORRUPT TO THE CORE 50 in building bribe bust Dangers ignored $450G in loot; 156
sites tainted

BYLINE: BY ERIK BADIA, EDGAR SANDOVAL and GREG B. SMITH NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With
Joe McDonald in Allentown, Pa., and Denis Slattery

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1220 words


IT ALL STARTED with a tip about an inspector on the take, and spread like a
cancer across the boroughs to reveal an unseemly culture of corruption in the
city's oversight of construction.

On Tuesday, a two-year city Department of Investigation probe came to an end
with bribery charges filed against 50 defendants, including 16 city inspectors,
plus a host of property managers and owners, "expediters," contractors and an
engineer.

All told, 156 buildings - across Brooklyn, in Harlem and Midtown and all the way
to Flushing, Queens - were involved, with $450,000 in bribes paid and 49 of 50
defendants in custody.

The 26 indictments filed by Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. lay out
a shocking portrait of greed in which developers bought off inspectors to
overlook code violations and speed their developments to completion.

DOI Commissioner Mark Peters said the investigation was "stunning for the sheer
breadth of those charged and the extent to which the corruption infested our
city institutions." Peters said dozens of overlooked violations were
"potentially endangering the safety of New Yorkers," and noted the city had to
go back and check all the tainted buildings to make sure they're safe.

Vance said the arrests make clear this type of corruption always seems to
increase as the housing market heats up.

"Today's cases demonstrate that the same surging demand that drives the pace of
development can inspire the taking of shortcuts - and the taking of bribes," he
said.

The Buildings Department approves all new construction and major renovation work
in the city, and inspectors have enormous sway over the pace of a project. A
rejection can bring a development to a halt, which in turn costs builders big
bucks.

To get around this potential problem, both parties came to a special give-to-get
arrangement that ensured smooth construction with no speed bumps, prosecutors
say.

The worst offender appeared to be Gordon Holder, chief of development for the
Buildings Department's Brooklyn office, according to sources familiar with the
investigation. Holder, who resigned in November, wasn't identified but was
secretly charged and is apparently cooperating, sources told the Daily News.

Investigators say Holder and his wife, Janelle Daly, who was also arrested, had
a longstanding corrupt arrangement with David Weiszer, 65, an "expediter" hired
by Brooklyn developers.

Weiszer allegedly made $200,000 in mortgage payments for Holder, bought the
couple a Nissan Rogue SUV and a GMC Terrain SUV, sent them on an $8,000 Royal
Caribbean cruise, and funded renovations to their three-bedroom red-brick
suburban home in Allentown, Pa.

Weiszer's wife, Deborah Weiszer, who hasn't seen her husband since he went on
the lam shortly after police searched their home in November, pleaded with him
to stop running Tuesday.

"Please whatever it is, turn yourself in and come home where you belong,"
Deborah Weiszer told The News.

The fugitive palm-greaser, who called his wife after the 49 others were arrested
Tuesday, used "burner" phones to stay in touch and has been in contact with a
lawyer, his wife said.

Deborah Weiszer said she never asked about her husband's work, and "sometimes
it's better not knowing."

Weiszer has a sordid past, including a 1988 conviction for arson and reckless
endangerment and multiple counts of illegally dumping industrial waste in a
Pennsylvania river.

Law enforcement officials were trying to locate Weiszer Tuesday - and DA Vance
said the fugitive "was not James Bond" and would likely be in custody
soon.Weiszer had moved across the street from Holder's home and drove him to
work in the city most days, a four-hour round-trip commute.

In exchange, Holder allegedly used his position as a top supervisor and worked
with a corrupt Buildings Department inspector, Artan Mujko, to ensure Weiszer's
developer customers got what they wanted from the department.

Last fall, for example, a developer decided to add two stories to a synagogue
building in Borough Park, Brooklyn, that couldn't support it. Nevertheless,
Mujko green-lighted the project.

Tipped off, DOI checked the building and found cracks running down an exterior
wall. The city deemed it structurally unsafe and halted construction.

Other inspectors took a wide range of bribes ranging from payments for their
children's tuition to tropical vacations to a paltry $600.

One supervisor, Derek St. Rose, told a developer he could avoid violations on
his illegal hotel in Flushing by keeping inspectors from gaining access there,
prosecutors said. He also gave up the name of the complainant who'd called the
Buildings Department. The developer paid a visit to the complainant's apartment
and "harassed the complainant."

Bribe-givers also bought off Housing Preservation and Development inspectors who
were supposed to make sure landlords maintain safe conditions for tenants.

Housing Department inspectors Luis Soto and Oliver Ortiz, prosecutors say,
drafted fake evacuation notices to try to force tenants out of a building the
owner was trying to sell in rapidly gentrifying Bushwick. DOI learned of the
scam and prevented the eviction.

Across the East River in Manhattan, Donald O'Connor, the Buildings Department's
chief of development for the borough, took bribes from an engineer, a bar owner
and a developer for, among other things, alerting them to undercover visits by
his own inspectors, prosecutors say.

One particularly brazen alleged bribe-taker, Buildings Department supervisory
inspector Wilson Garcia, got a Puerto Rico vacation from one developer to alert
him to pending audits. DOI and NYPD investigators say they recovered cocaine and
illegal guns while searching his home and car.

The investigation began two years ago with a clean buildings inspector who was
offered a bribe and turned in the bribe-giver. From there, investigators checked
text messages and inspection records and discovered an alarming pattern of
questionable inspections by the same inspectors.

Over two years investigators wiretapped conversations and surveilled inspectors,
finding multiple unrelated schemes - an indication of how pervasive bribe-taking
was. One scam even involved an alleged associate of the Bonanno crime family,
prosecutors say.

The Housing Department probe began a year ago with a routine audit that
indicated inspectors were signing off as remedied on violations that were still
in place.

Early Tuesday the defendants were told to report to the 1st Precinct in Tribeca.
The parade of suspects began as dawn broke and a light snow fell. There were so
many they had to be loaded into four vans.

The suspects said nothing as they passed reporters. Most lowered their heads and
tried to cover their faces with coats as they were taken to court, where bribery
charges were filed against them Tuesday afternoon.

On Tuesday, Department of Buildings Commissioner Rick Chandler said all the
tainted buildings have been checked and shut down or deemed safe. "I'm outraged
at what this investigation has uncovered," Chandler said. "These accused
individuals put their own enrichment ahead of their duty and moral obligation to
keep New Yorkers safe."

Housing Commissioner Vicki Been added, "There is no room at (the department) for
corruption or bribery, and no tolerance for individuals who would abuse their
position."

gsmith@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GIFTS THAT KEEP ON GIVING HOUSES: House of David Weiszer (near r.), who
allegedly paid mortgage on home of Gordon Holder and Janelle Daly (far r.) in
Allentown, Pa. CARS: Weiszer allegedly bought Holder and Daly Nisson Rogue (l.)
and GMC Terrain (r.) CRUISES: Weiszer sent Holder and Daly on $8,000 Royal
Caribbean Explorer cruise, according to charges. PLANE TICKETS: Other inspectors
got cash or paid travel, the investigations revealed. CASH Arrests (left and
above) began early in the morning and arraignments (top) continued later Tuesday
as 49 of 50 defendants were in custody in bribery probe. PHOTOS BY JEFFERSON
SIEGEL/DAILY NEWS; CHRIS POST; GREGG VIGLIOTTI; AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             567 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 05, 1996, Tuesday, Final Edition

Drug Traffickers Say Cartel Bribed A Noriega Accuser

William Booth, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 551 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, March 4


The federal judge who in 1992 sentenced Panamanian military ruler Manual Antonio
Noriega to 40 years in jail for drug trafficking today heard two well-placed
members of the Colombian Cali cocaine cartel describe how the cartel bribed a
key witness to testify against the general for $ 1.25 million.

In their lengthy efforts to secure a new trial for Noriega, his attorneys today
got to make their first arguments in court and they began with two witnesses
from the Cali cartel, identified only as Mister A and Mister B, who claimed the
cartel hand-delivered a suitcase filled with $ 250,000 in cash to a central
witness in the Noriega case and then paid the witness's wife $ 1 million in
certificates of deposit. The witnesses' identities were protected because they
are informants on pending drug and money-laundering cases.

Whether or not U.S. District Judge William Hoeveler grants a new trial, the
revelations have been embarrassing for the Justice Department, particularly the
Miami-based prosecutors, who last month lost one of the biggest cocaine
trafficking cases in U.S. history when jurors acquitted two men accused of being
local traffickers. Jury members later said they were disgusted by the deals
prosecutors had made with informants.

Noriega, who was captured during the U.S. invasion of Panama and brought here in
1990, arrived in court wearing his old general's uniform and looking slimmer and
older. His wife and daughters attended the hearing.

The ousted general's lawyers asserted that federal prosecutors entered into "a
secret deal" with the Cali cartel to secure the testimony of Ricardo Bilonick, a
former Panamanian diplomat and the key player in the "Panama connection," who is
alleged to have taken $ 1.25 million in bribes. They assert that the U.S.
government should have known that the cartel was exerting its influence -- with
its alleged threats of "silver or lead," money or bullets -- to bring Bilonick
in to testify against Noriega.

During Noriega's trial four years ago, Bilonick had described him as a kind of
bad cop who looked the other way as drugs were flown through his country.

Bilonick pleaded guilty to drug trafficking, got a three-year sentence and is a
free man today. He previously lived in South Florida but reportedly is back in
Panama. Bilonick, in his depositions, has denied receiving any bribe money,
calling the charge "idiotic."

Yet today, federal prosecutors did not challenge the assertion that bribes were
paid. Instead, they argued that they knew nothing of the bribes and only heard
the allegation last year. This is not enough, the prosecutors maintain, to
require a new trial. There were 47 other witnesses in the historic case.
According to the informants, the bribe was paid to Bilonick in a deal to get a
sentence reduction for the brother of one of the Cali cartel's leaders -- a
trafficker named Luis Santacruz Echeverri, who was already serving time in the
United States on drug charges. By getting Bilonick to testify against Noriega,
Santacruz received a reduction in his sentence.

Santacruz's former attorney, Joel Rosenthal, denied knowing about any bribes.
But Rosenthal did acknowledge that the Cali leaders had worked with Santacruz
and Rosenthal to help secure Bilonick's testimony against Noriega.

LOAD-DATE: March 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                             568 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Corrections Officer Sentenced to 18 Months in Prison for Accepting
Cash Bribes

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An Essex County corrections officer was sentenced today to 18 months in prison
for his involvement in a scheme to smuggle marijuana, cell phones and tobacco
into the Essex County Correctional Facility, a federal pretrial detention
facility, in exchange for cash bribe payments, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Stephon Solomon, 27, of Irvington, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of conspiring to commit extortion under color of
official right. Judge Cooper imposed the sentence today in Trenton federal
court.

According to the documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

On multiple occasions between October 2013 and May 2014, Solomon, a corrections
officer at the Essex County Correctional Facility, smuggled contraband -
including cell phones, tobacco, and marijuana - to Quasim Nichols, 29, a federal
pretrial detainee, in exchange for cash bribes. Darsell Davis, 29, and Dwayne
Harper, 30, friends of Nichols, aided in the smuggling scheme by collecting the
contraband to be smuggled into the facility. Solomon received the contraband and
cash bribes from Davis and then smuggled the contraband to Nichols, who
ultimately sold some of the marijuana and cell phones to other inmates. The
inmates purchasing marijuana and cell phones from Nichols had their friends and
family pay for the items by sending Western Union money transfers to Nichols,
who enlisted Davis and others to retrieve those payments for him.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Cooper sentenced Solomon to three years of
supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and investigators with the
Internal Affairs Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the
leadership of Warden Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to today's
sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in New Jersey.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             569 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: city dispatcher pleads guilty in bribery conspiracy

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

Dorian Parsley, 44, of Philadelphia, pleaded guilty today to conspiracy,
solicitation of a bribe, and honest services fraud in connection with a scheme
to give an unfair advantage to certain tow truck operators.  Between February
2011 and December 2013, Parsley, a former Philadelphia Police Department ("PPD")
dispatcher, used her position to provide confidential police information, such
as locations of automobile accidents, locations of PPD squad cars, and vehicle
registration information, to tow truck operators who provided her with cash
bribe payments. She typically received $100-$200 per week for the information.
She agreed that she received $35,400 in bribes.

Parsley would surreptitiously text information that came into PPD dispatch from
her personal cellphone directly to those tow truck operators.  For an additional
cash fee, Parsley agreed to provide certain tow truck operators with the name
and address of a vehicle owner by running the license plate and vehicle
registration through the PPD dispatch computer.  PPD computers automatically
access the National Crime Information Center ("NCIC") located in West Virginia
when a vehicle registration was inputted, thereby affecting an interstate wire.

Co-defendant William Cheeseman also pleaded guilty today to one count of bribery
for paying Parsley cash bribes for the information on accident locations.  He
agreed that the value of the information he received was $9,000.

Parsley faces a potential statutory maximum penalty of 35 years in prison, three
years of supervised release, a $750,000 fine, and a $300 special assessment.
Cheeseman faces a potential statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in prison,
three years of supervised release, a $250,000 fine, and a $100 special
assessment.  The court scheduled Parsley's sentencing date on October 21, 2014
and Cheeseman's on October 24, 2014.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Philadelphia Police Department.  It is being prosecuted by Assistant United
States Attorney Jennifer Chun Barry.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/pae

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             570 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

Pennsylvania: city dispatcher pleads guilty in bribery conspiracy

LENGTH: 371  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania has
issued the following press release:

Dorian Parsley, 44, of Philadelphia, pleaded guilty today to conspiracy,
solicitation of a bribe, and honest services fraud in connection with a scheme
to give an unfair advantage to certain tow truck operators.  Between February
2011 and December 2013, Parsley, a former Philadelphia Police Department ("PPD")
dispatcher, used her position to provide confidential police information, such
as locations of automobile accidents, locations of PPD squad cars, and vehicle
registration information, to tow truck operators who provided her with cash
bribe payments. She typically received $100-$200 per week for the information.
She agreed that she received $35,400 in bribes.

Parsley would surreptitiously text information that came into PPD dispatch from
her personal cellphone directly to those tow truck operators.  For an additional
cash fee, Parsley agreed to provide certain tow truck operators with the name
and address of a vehicle owner by running the license plate and vehicle
registration through the PPD dispatch computer.  PPD computers automatically
access the National Crime Information Center ("NCIC") located in West Virginia
when a vehicle registration was inputted, thereby affecting an interstate wire.

Co-defendant William Cheeseman also pleaded guilty today to one count of bribery
for paying Parsley cash bribes for the information on accident locations.  He
agreed that the value of the information he received was $9,000.

Parsley faces a potential statutory maximum penalty of 35 years in prison, three
years of supervised release, a $750,000 fine, and a $300 special assessment.
Cheeseman faces a potential statutory maximum sentence of 10 years in prison,
three years of supervised release, a $250,000 fine, and a $100 special
assessment.  The court scheduled Parsley's sentencing date on October 21, 2014
and Cheeseman's on October 24, 2014.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Philadelphia Police Department.  It is being prosecuted by Assistant United
States Attorney Jennifer Chun Barry.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/pae

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             571 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    September 16, 1988, Friday, City Edition

Widow sued over husband's pledge

BYLINE: JAY PITTS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; SUNCOAST DIGEST; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 912 words

DATELINE: TAMPA; BROOKSVILLE; CLEARWATER



TAMPA - A judge ruled Thursday that a $ 3,000 pledge made by Sanford    Roth to
the Tampa Jewish Federation must be honored, even though Roth    died last year.

 Roth's pledge actually was made for 1985, according to    federation executive
vice president Gary Alter. But Roth, a partner in    a Tampa construction firm,
didn't make good on the pledge before his    death. The federation filed suit in
Small Claims Court to collect from    Roth's estate. Roth's widow, Dana, who
lives in Delray Beach, contested    the suit. She testified Thursday that the
signature on the pledge card    wasn't her husband's. But County Judge Paul S.
Elliott ruled for the    federation, saying the pledge card amounted to a
contract. Elliott said    the signature looked like Roth's signature on a 1983
pledge card, and    Dana Roth's side failed to raise the fraud issue soon
enough.



 Lawyer who handled bribe disbarred

 TAMPA - A Tampa lawyer who testified that he funneled a bribe to a
Hillsborough County commissioner in 1982 was disbarred Thursday by the
Florida Supreme Court. Charles B. Rambo testified that he was the    conduit of
a $ 4,000 bribe to Commissioner Joseph Kotvas. The bribe was    intended to
secure a favorable vote for Rambo's client in a rezoning    petition for
property in northwest Hillsborough County. Rambo testified    about the bribe
under a grant of immunity during the massive federal    corruption case
involving Kotvas and several other Hillsborough    commissioners, lawyers and
business people.



 Low-price telephone installation offered

 TAMPA - Medicaid and food-stamp recipients will be able to get    telephone
service installed for half price under a policy announced    Thursday by GTE
Florida. The regular installation charge of $ 48.25 will    be reduced to $
24.13 for people receiving either Medicaid or food    stamps. Customers must
provide their own telephones and interior wiring    to get the discount. In
addition, they will have to pay a deposit -    typically $ 25 - unless they meet
company credit requirements. GTE    officials say they expect about 2,500 Tampa
Bay area households to sign    up under the policy. The policy is part of state
and national programs,    Link Up Florida and Link Up America, aimed at
providing telephone    service to low-income people.



 Plant to use waste solvent as fuel

 BROOKSVILLE - An announcement Wednesday by Florida Mining & Materials    Corp.
of plans to use discarded solvents as fuel has prompted a call    for careful
regulation. The company plans to ship about 6-millions    gallons of discarded
solvents annually from Georgia to a plant nine    miles north of Brooksville in
Hernando County. "(Environmental    officials) have made a policy not to call
this what it is, which is a    hazardous waste facility," said Deborah Wallace,
staff scientist with    the Center for the Biology of Natural Systems at Queens
College in New    York. She said burning solvents can send chemicals into the
air that

 can cause respiratory and skin problems and damage the earth's ozone    layer.
The burning should be strictly controlled, she said. Florida    Mining officials
said Wednesday that their cement plant is an ideal way    to dispose of
hazardous waste because the kilns burn hotter than is    required to destroy the
chemicals. Also, metals that might otherwise be    released will bond with the
cement, they said.



 Plea made for    culvert markers

 TAMPA - Signs. Guardrails. Some poles. All are needed, Joan Morales    said, so
that "nobody's family goes through what we went through."

 Mrs. Morales' brother, James Edward Mercer, drowned last week in a    flooded
culvert. She told the City Council Thursday that drainage    ditches around the
city should be marked with signs and surrounded by    barriers. She was
supported by two Interbay residents who said they    almost drowned in flooded
ditches. City Council Chairman Tom Vann    ordered a feasibility report on signs
or guardrails. Floodwaters swept    Mercer's car off a parking lot into a ditch.

 He was sucked into an    underground pipe as he tried to escape.



 Hands reattached to statue of Jesus

 CLEARWATER - The hands from an Italian marble statue of Jesus, chopped    off
by vandals Aug. 8, were reattached Thursday. The hands were found    several
weeks ago near the church, a church spokeswoman said. One hand    was intact,
but three fingers were missing from the other. The hands    were repaired and
reattached by David Jackson, an expert in working    with fiberglass, resins and
epoxy.



 Nursery allows unlimited baby-watching

 TAMPA - A new enlarged nursery opened to the public Thursday at Tampa
General Hospital, letting visitors marvel at dozens of newborns through
viewing windows any time of day. The nursery in Tampa General's    renovated
east wing went into service Aug. 22 and increased from 40 to    60 the number of
beds for healthy babies. The hospital has a separate    neonatal unit for babies
needing special treatment.

 - Compiled by JAY PITTS from staff reports

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             572 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             June 16, 2016 Thursday

Prosecutors say former Senate leader should go to prison for 41 to 51 months

BYLINE: By Nolan Clay Staff Writer nclay@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 603 words


Prosecutors are asking a federal judge to order a former state Senate leader to
serve at least 41 months in prison to assure the public that "political
influence cannot trump the rule of law."Mike Morgan, the former Senate president
pro tem, is being resentenced on his 2012 bribery conviction.U.S. District Judge
Robin Cauthron originally sentenced Morgan in January 2013 to five years on
probation. A federal appeals court in November ordered the judge to resentence
him, calling probation for his crime intolerable and "little more than a slap on
the wrist."The resentencing is set for 10 a.m. Tuesday in Oklahoma City federal
court.Morgan faces up to 10 years in prison. In a sentencing memorandum filed
Wednesday, prosecutors asked the judge to order him to serve at least 41 months
in prison and as much as 51 months."Citizens worry justifiably that in the rare
cases in which corrupt politicians are caught, they will use their influence to
avoid any meaningful punishment," prosecutors told the judge. "Mr. Morgan's
sentence should serve as a corrective to this sort of cynicism."He did not
simply commit a regulatory violation of campaign contribution rules or state
ethics standards.

Rather, while serving as one of the highest-ranking officials in Oklahoma, he
accepted personal payments in exchange for legislative action," prosecutors
wrote.Morgan, a Stillwater Democrat, was convicted of accepting&nbsp;$12,000 in
bribes to influence legislation in 2007.He was paid $1,000 a month for a year by
an Edmond company that operated assisted-living centers. Prosecutors accused
Morgan, an attorney, of disguising the bribes as monthly retainer fees. During
his trial, Morgan denied the payments were bribes. The federal appeals court
upheld the conviction last year."Mr. Morgan has always and continues to maintain
his innocence," his attorneys told the judge in a separate sentencing memorandum
filed Wednesday. "Instead of&nbsp;pursuing further appeals, however, Mr. Morgan
is resigned to resentencing at this point in&nbsp;order to get this chapter of
his life behind him."The attorneys asked for a prison sentence of months, not
years.The judge refused at the 2013 sentencing to give Morgan any time in
prison. She criticized the prosecution's evidence against him, saying his
conviction "was based on some very suspect evidence, based on the testimony of a
convicted felon, resulting in a bill that no one has ever complained
about."Morgan was Senate president pro tem in 2005 and 2006. He was Senate
co-president pro tem in 2007 and 2008.He was indicted in 2011, along with a
lobbyist and a prominent Oklahoma City attorney. All three went to trial before
the same jury.At the trial, prosecutors presented evidence Morgan took $12,000
in bribes from the assisted-living company, $250,000 in bribes from an energy
company and $141,666 in bribes from a landfill company. He insisted he provided
the companies legal services.Morgan originally faced 63 counts. Prosecutors
dropped a conspiracy count during the trial because of rulings by the
judge.Jurors convicted Morgan of only one felony count - the bribery involving
the assisted-living company.Jurors acquitted Morgan of fraud counts involving
the energy company.Jurors also acquitted him of a conspiracy count involving the
landfill company. They deadlocked on other felony counts involving the landfill
company. Prosecutors elected not to retry Morgan on those counts.During the
trial, the judge dismissed all the counts against the lobbyist and half the
counts against the attorney. Jurors found the attorney not guilty on the
remaining counts.&nbsp;

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             573 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              February 9, 1994, Wednesday, North Suncoast Edition

Two juveniles steal car, rob nine at gunpoint, get away

SECTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE; THE REGION; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 558 words



Two juveniles terrorized Tampa's west side for more than two hours Tuesday,
robbing nine people at gunpoint in about two hours. Some victims were waiting
for a bus, others were getting in their car. One victim was at a cash machine,
another was making a bread delivery, and another was robbed at Tampa Bay
Center, a mall. No one was hurt in the robberies, which began just before 6
a.m. at a Mobil station in the 4800 block of W Kennedy Boulevard. Authorities
said the last robbery occurred about 8:30 a.m. in the 2900 block of W Columbus
Street. The vehicle the juveniles were driving, a stolen 1988 Dodge Dynasty,
was recovered in West Tampa about 9 a.m., police said. No arrests had been  made
as of late Tuesday.

TWO SUPERVISORS ACCUSED OF ACCEPTING BRIBES. Two officials at Aircraft  Porous
Media Inc. were charged Tuesday with accepting at least $ 15,700 in  bribes for
equipment purchased by the defense contractor. Manufacturing  supervisors Louis
P. Rom and Frigues K. Radich were accused of taking bribes  four times between
January 1991 and March 1992, said Pinellas County sheriff's  Sgt. Greg Tita. The
two men approved equipment purchases without their  company's authorization in
exchange for "kickbacks," Tita said. On one  occasion, he said, the men received
a $ 10,000 bribe. Rom, 54, and Radich, 55,  were charged with receiving
commercial bribes and grand theft. They were  released late Tuesday from the
Pinellas County Jail after posting $ 30,000 bail  each. Executives at Aircraft
Porous, a Pall Corp. subsidiary that makes  aircraft filters and components,
could not be reached for comment.

UPDATE

USF'S ANESTHESIOLOGISTS AGREE TO CONTRACT. Tampa General Hospital and the
University of South Florida have agreed to terms of a new contract with USF's
anesthesiologists. The agreement, which the Hillsborough County Hospital
Authority still must approve, gives USF anesthesiologists the exclusive right
to work in the public hospital's operating rooms. But there's one condition:
They will have to demonstrate by April 15 that they are working more
efficiently. As part of the arrangement, the hospital authority also will be
asked at its Feb. 28 meeting to bar temporarily any private anesthesiologists
from joining the hospital's medical staff. The hospital currently has similar
exclusive contracts with USF's departments of radiology, pathology and
emergency medicine. The anesthesiologists have been working without a contract
since June 1993, and there were fears they could pull their services from  Tampa
General. At issue between USF and the hospital is the changing way  Americans
and their insurance companies reimburse health care providers. Tampa  General,
which has a higher cost of doing business because it is a public  teaching
hospital, is struggling to compete in a climate of cost containment.  Meanwhile,
the university medical school is losing millions of dollars as  those
cost-containment measures cut into the money it earns. This year, for  example,
anesthesiologists estimated they will provide the same amount of  services as
last year at Tampa General, but will lose $ 2.6-million. Hospital  negotiators
agreed to pay USF $ 1.8-million. That sum subsidizes lost revenue  and includes
about $ 400,000 for research.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA BAY AND STATE

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                             574 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday
                              SPORTS EXTRA EDITION

CORRUPT TO THE CORE 50 in building bribe bust Dangers ignored $450G in loot; 156
sites tainted

BYLINE: BY ERIK BADIA, EDGAR SANDOVAL and GREG B. SMITH NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With
Joe McDonald in Allentown, Pa., and Denis Slattery

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1221 words


IT ALL STARTED with a tip about an inspector on the take, and spread like a
cancer across the boroughs to reveal an unseemly culture of corruption in the
city's oversight of construction.

On Tuesday, a two-year city Department of Investigation probe came to an end
with bribery charges filed against 50 defendants, including 16 city inspectors,
plus a host of property managers and owners, "expediters," contractors and an
engineer.

All told, 156 buildings - across Brooklyn, in Harlem and Midtown and all the way
to Flushing, Queens - were involved, with $450,000 in bribes paid and 49 of 50
defendants in custody.

The 26 indictments filed by Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus Vance Jr. lay out
a shocking portrait of greed in which developers bought off inspectors to
overlook code violations and speed their developments to completion.

DOI Commissioner Mark Peters said the investigation was "stunning for the sheer
breadth of those charged and the extent to which the corruption infested our
city institutions." Peters said dozens of overlooked violations were
"potentially endangering the safety of New Yorkers," and noted the city had to
go back and check all the tainted buildings to make sure they're safe.

Vance said the arrests make clear this type of corruption always seems to
increase as the housing market heats up.

"Today's cases demonstrate that the same surging demand that drives the pace of
development can inspire the taking of shortcuts - and the taking of bribes," he
said.

The Buildings Department approves all new construction and major renovation work
in the city, and inspectors have enormous sway over the pace of a project. A
rejection can bring a development to a halt, which in turn costs builders big
bucks.

To get around this potential problem, both parties came to a special give-to-get
arrangement that ensured smooth construction with no speed bumps, prosecutors
say.

The worst offender appeared to be Gordon Holder, chief of development for the
Buildings Department's Brooklyn office, according to sources familiar with the
investigation. Holder, who resigned in November, wasn't identified but was
secretly charged and is apparently cooperating, sources told the Daily News.

Investigators say Holder and his wife, Janelle Daly, who was also arrested, had
a longstanding corrupt arrangement with David Weiszer, 65, an "expediter" hired
by Brooklyn developers.

Weiszer allegedly made $200,000 in mortgage payments for Holder, bought the
couple a Nissan Rogue SUV and a GMC Terrain SUV, sent them on an $8,000 Royal
Caribbean cruise, and funded renovations to their three-bedroom red-brick
suburban home in Allentown, Pa.

Weiszer's wife, Deborah Weiszer, who hasn't seen her husband since he went on
the lam shortly after police searched their home in November, pleaded with him
to stop running Tuesday.

"Please whatever it is, turn yourself in and come home where you belong,"
Deborah Weiszer told The News.

The fugitive palm-greaser, who called his wife after the 49 others were arrested
Tuesday, used "burner" phones to stay in touch and has been in contact with a
lawyer, his wife said.

Deborah Weiszer said she never asked about her husband's work, and "sometimes
it's better not knowing."

The fugitive has a sordid past, including a 1988 conviction for arson and
reckless endangerment and multiple counts of illegally dumping industrial waste
in a Pennsylvania river.

Law enforcement officials were trying to locate Weiszer Tuesday - and DA Vance
said the fugitive "was not James Bond" and would likely be in custody
soon.Weiszer had moved across the street from Holder's home and drove him to
work in the city most days, a four-hour round-trip commute.

In exchange, Holder allegedly used his position as a top supervisor and worked
with a corrupt Buildings Department inspector, Artan Mujko, to ensure Weiszer's
developer customers got what they wanted from the department.

Last fall, for example, a developer decided to add two stories to a synagogue
building in Borough Park, Brooklyn, that couldn't support it. Nevertheless,
Mujko green-lighted the project.

Tipped off, DOI checked the building and found cracks running down an exterior
wall. The city deemed it structurally unsafe and halted construction.

Other inspectors took a wide range of bribes ranging from payments for their
children's tuition to tropical vacations to a paltry $600.

One supervisor, Derek St. Rose, told a developer he could avoid violations on
his illegal hotel in Flushing by keeping inspectors from gaining access there,
prosecutors said. He also gave up the name of the complainant who'd called the
Buildings Department. The developer paid a visit to the complainant's apartment
and "harassed the complainant."

Bribe-givers also bought off Housing Preservation and Development inspectors who
were supposed to make sure landlords maintain safe conditions for tenants.

Housing Department inspectors Luis Soto and Oliver Ortiz, prosecutors say,
drafted fake evacuation notices to try to force tenants out of a building the
owner was trying to sell in rapidly gentrifying Bushwick. DOI learned of the
scam and prevented the eviction.

Across the East River in Manhattan, Donald O'Connor, the buildings department
chief of development for the borough, took bribes from an engineer, a bar owner
and a developer for, among other things, alerting them to undercover visits by
his own inspectors, prosecutors say.

One particularly brazen alleged bribe-taker, Buildings Department supervisory
inspector Wilson Garcia, got a Puerto Rico vacation from one developer to alert
him to pending audits. DOI and NYPD investigators say they recovered cocaine and
illegal guns while searching his home and car.

The investigation began two years ago with a clean buildings inspector who was
offered a bribe and turned in the bribe-giver. From there, investigators checked
text messages and inspection records and discovered an alarming pattern of
questionable inspections by the same inspectors.

Over two years investigators wiretapped conversations and surveilled inspectors,
finding multiple unrelated schemes - an indication of how pervasive bribe-taking
was. One scam even involved an alleged associate of the Bonanno crime family,
prosecutors say.

The Housing Department probe began a year ago with a routine audit that
indicated inspectors were signing off as remedied on violations that were still
in place.

Early Tuesday the defendants were told to report to the 1st Precinct in Tribeca.
The parade of suspects began as dawn broke and a slight snow fell. There were so
many they had to be loaded into four vans.

The suspects said nothing as they passed reporters. Most lowered their heads and
tried to cover their faces with coats as they were taken to court, where bribery
charges were filed against them Tuesday afternoon.

On Tuesday, Department of Buildings Commissioner Rick Chandler said all the
tainted buildings have been checked and shut down or deemed safe. "I'm outraged
at what this investigation has uncovered," Chandler said. "These accused
individuals put their own enrichment ahead of their duty and moral obligation to
keep New Yorkers safe."

Housing Commissioner Vicki Been added, "There is no room at (the department) for
corruption or bribery, and no tolerance for individuals who would abuse their
position."

gsmith@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GIFTS THAT KEEP ON GIVING HOUSES: House of David Weiszer (near r.), who
allegedly paid mortgage on home of Gordon Holder and Janelle Daly (far r.) in
Allentown, Pa. CARS: Weiszer allegedly bought Holder and Daly Nisson Rogue (l.)
and GMC Terrain (r.) CRUISES: Weiszer sent Holder and Daly on $8,000 Royal
Caribbean Explorer cruise, according to charges. PLANE TICKETS: Other inspectors
got cash or paid travel, the investigations revealed. CASH Arrests (left and
above) began early in the morning and arraignments (top) continued later Tuesday
as 49 of 50 defendants were in custody in bribery probe. PHOTOS BY JEFFERSON
SIEGEL/DAILY NEWS; CHRIS POST; GREGG VIGLIOTTI; AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             575 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                              June 1, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Brit is accused over '£2m bribe'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 222 words


A BRIT caught up in the FBI's investigation into alleged football corruption
used the Cayman Islands to funnel bribe cash, documents say.

Accountant Costas Takkas, 57, a Greek Cypriot from London, moved to the
Caribbean in the early 1980s.

A one-time boss of the Cayman Islands Football Association, he is accused by US
authorities of trying to arrange bribes for contracts.

In an indictment filed in a court in New York, it is claimed he used front
companies to act as a middle-man between a sports marketing firm and a senior
FIFA official. Traffic USA Inc, involved in the sales and marketing of US
soccer, was in negotiations for media and marketing rights to 2018 and 2022
World Cup qualifiers.

Documents claim it targeted the Caribbean Football Union and made contact with
Jeffrey Webb, an official with CFU and FIFA. Webb had talks with Traffic USA
Inc, it is said. The FBI says Takkas told a man in Hungary that "associate" Webb
wanted £1.96million for the deal to go through. The man, Co-conspirator 4,
agreed to the bribe, documents allege. A £15million deal for rights for CFU's
qualifiers was signed in 2012. Documents state payment was made to accounts
controlled by Takkas and forwarded to Webb, ex-CONCACAF president.

The two men were arrested in Zurich last week. Charges in the indictment are
merely earlystage allegations.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ARRESTED Costas Takkas is based in the Caymans

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             576 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                             April 2, 2013 Tuesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATION; Pg. A-3

LENGTH: 913 words


NATION

Bribe alleged in NYC mayor's race

NEW YORK -- A state lawmaker was arrested today along with several other
politicians in what a prosecutor called an "unappetizing smorgasbord of graft
and greed" aimed at enabling the politician to bribe his way into the race for
mayor of New York City.

Democratic state Sen. Malcolm Smith tried to pay off some of New York City's
Republican Party bosses to get himself on the ballot as a GOP candidate, federal
authorities said.

New York City Councilman Dan Halloran and four other political figures also were
charged in what U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara called "an unappetizing smorgasbord
of graft and greed involving six officials who together built a corridor of
corruption stretching from Queens and the Bronx to Rockland County and all the
way up to Albany itself."

In meetings with a cooperating witness and an undercover FBI agent posing as a
wealthy real estate developer, Mr. Smith agreed to bribe leaders of Republican
Party county committees around New York City in an attempt to run for mayor as a
Republican, even though he was a registered Democrat, a criminal complaint said.

Arkansas approves voter ID

LITTLE ROCK, Ark. -- Arkansas legislators passed a law Monday requiring voters
to show photo identification at the polls, overriding Democratic Gov. Mike
Beebe's veto of the bill, which he called an expensive solution to a
non-existent problem.

The Republican-led state House voted 52-45, largely along party lines, to
complete an override that started in the GOP-controlled Senate on a 21-12 vote
last week. Only a simple majority was needed in each chamber.

Woman accused of Virginia arson

PARKSLEY, Va. -- A woman has been charged in connection with the latest of more
than 70 arsons on Virginia's Eastern Shore, an official said today.

Tonya S. Bundick was arrested early today near a vacant residence in the town of
Melfa that had been set on fire, said state police spokeswoman Corinne Geller.

The fire was reported at 11:40 p.m. Monday. It was quickly extinguished and
damage was minimal, Ms. Geller said.

There have been more than 70 arsons in Accomack County since November.

Ms. Geller said it was too early to say whether the latest arson is linked to
the others or whether Ms. Bundick is a suspect in the others.

High-tech worker visas in demand

WASHINGTON -- The Homeland Security Department expects applications for
high-skilled immigration visas to outpace the available supply in a matter of
days, one of the fastest runs on the much-sought-after work permits in years.

The urgent race for such visas, which are highly desired by Microsoft, Apple,
Google and other leading technology companies, coincides with congressional
plans to increase the number available to tech-savvy foreigners. The rush to
secure one of the 85,000 so-called H-1B visas available for the 2014 budget year
started Monday and requests will be accepted through at least Friday.

If petitions outpace the availability in the first week, U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services will use a lottery, for the first time since 2008, to pick
which companies get visas to award to prospective employees.

Sex change for prisoner challenged

BOSTON -- Massachusetts prison officials have asked a federal appeals court to
overturn a ruling granting a taxpayer-funded sex change for a transgender
inmate.

Judge Mark Wolf ruled last year that the state Department of Correction must
provide sex-reassignment surgery for Michelle Kosilek, who is serving a life
sentence for murder.

Today, a lawyer for prison officials told the 1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
that Judge Wolf's ruling expands the Constitution's protection against cruel and
unusual punishment to "new heights." He says Kosilek has received adequate
treatment for gender-identity disorder, including female hormone treatments and
laser hair removal.

Kosilek's lawyer said Kosilek suffers mental anguish and that surgery is the
only adequate treatment.

Kosilek was born a man and was convicted in the murder of wife Cheryl Kosilek.

The court is expected to rule within three months.

Priest pleads guilty in meth ring

HARTFORD, Conn. -- A suspended Roman Catholic priest accused of making more than
$300,000 in methamphetamine sales out of his Connecticut apartment and running
an adult video and sex toy shop has pleaded guilty to a federal drug charge.

The Rev. Kevin Wallin of Waterbury pleaded guilty today in Hartford to
conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute methamphetamine. The agreed-upon
sentence is 11 to 14 years.

Prosecutors say the 61-year-old Rev. Wallin had meth mailed to him from
California and sold the drugs out of his apartment last year. Authorities say he
also owned an adult video and sex toy shop in North Haven.

Auto sales purring along

DETROIT -- March is turning out to be the best month for auto sales in at least
six years.

Major automakers including Ford, Chrysler, Toyota, General Motors and Nissan all
reported increases, with some reporting their best monthly totals since the
start of the Great Recession in December of 2007.

Buyers were lured to showrooms by flashy new vehicles and low interest rates.
Plus they continue to replace older cars and trucks -- the average age of a
vehicle on U.S. roads is more than 11 years.

Sales at Ford and General Motors each rose about 6 percent, while Chrysler sales
rose 5 percent compared with last March. Toyota and Nissan each reported 1
percent sales increases, but Nissan said March was still the best month in
company history.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Bundick

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             577 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Long Island Business News (New York)

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Gov. Cuomo's ex-aide, university head charged with bribery

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 733  words


A federal prosecutor on Thursday accused two people close to Democratic Gov.
Andrew Cuomo of bribery and fraud relating to state economic development
initiatives in a significant blow to Cuomo's administration that threatens to
tarnish his efforts to revitalize the upstate economy.

Joseph Percoco, Cuomo's former executive deputy secretary, and Alain Kaloyeros,
president of SUNY Polytechnic Institute, are among eight who face charges,
according to a criminal complaint by U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara. As the leader
of SUNY Polytechnic, Kaloyeros was instrumental to Cuomo's efforts to bring
high-tech jobs to upstate New York.

A Cuomo spokesman declined to respond publicly when contacted by The Associated
Press. Percoco's lawyer and Kaloyeros weren't initially available for comment.

According to the federal complaint, Percoco took more than $315,000 in bribes
from 2012 through 2016 to Syracuse-based COR Development and Competitive Power
Ventures, an energy company looking to build a power plant in the Hudson Valley.
Todd Howe, a consultant for the two companies and former Cuomo associate, set up
bank accounts and a shell company to funnel bribes, including payments to
Percoco's wife, the complaint said.

The complaint says Howe pleaded guilty to several federal charges, including
conspiracy to commit fraud, extortion, bribery and wire and tax fraud. He is now
cooperating with federal authorities.

Peter Galbraith Kelly, an executive at Competitive Power Ventures, is accused in
the complaint of conspiracy and paying bribes to Percoco. The company, based in
Braintree, Massachusetts, didn't immediately reply to queries.

Authorities accused Percoco of conspiring with Kaloyeros and Howe to rid bidding
in the Buffalo Billion project and deceive Fort Schuyler, the state-funded
entity awarding the lucrative contracts, so they would go to Syracuse-based COR
Development and Buffalo contractor LPCiminelli. They said Kaloyeros, who oversaw
the application process for many of the state grants, retained Howe to help him,
and Howe in turn solicited and received bribes.

"Howe worked with Kaloyeros to deceive Fort Schuyler by secretly tailoring the
required qualifications for those development deals" so COR and LPCiminelli
would win the contracts "without any meaningful competition," the complaint
said.

Also charged in the complaint are two executives at COR Development -- Steven
Aiello and Joseph Girardi -- and three executives at LPCiminelli: Michael
Laipple, Kevin Schuler and CEO Louis Ciminelli.

Ciminelli and COR didn't respond to requests for comment.

The eight individuals facing charges are all expected to appear in court
Thursday.

U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara has scheduled a news conference at noon to discuss
the case.

The federal probe revealed a web of individuals and businesses tied to Cuomo
that were poised to profit from the Buffalo Billion, Cuomo's signature effort to
boost New York's second largest city, as well as Nano, an initiative effectively
led by Kaloyeros that aimed to bring high-tech jobs to the upstate.

Percoco was long known as one of Cuomo's most loyal advisers, a political
enforcer who worked for his father, Gov. Mario Cuomo. He was Andrew Cuomo's
$156,000-a-year executive secretary when he resigned in 2014 to lead Cuomo's
re-election campaign. At the funeral of his father last year, Cuomo called
Percoco "my father's third son who sometimes I think he loved the most. "

According to state financial disclosures, Percoco also made as much as $125,000
by becoming a consultant for COR Development and CHA Consulting, two firms
involved in Buffalo Billion and Nano. The firms are also big Cuomo political
donors.

Cuomo said Percoco told him he might take consulting clients. But he never asked
Percoco to identify them.

Percoco rejoined the administration in late 2014 and received a $20,000 raise
from his old salary before quitting a second time in January to become a vice
president at Madison Square Garden.

Cuomo's office said in April that Bharara was examining possible undisclosed
conflicts of interest and improper bidding related to the Cuomo's efforts to
attract high-tech jobs upstate. The administration also launched an internal
review and Cuomo promised to "throw the book" at anyone found to be violating
the law.

http://www.libn.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             578 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                              accountingtoday.com

                               February 16, 2016

Former IRS Agent Convicted of Accepting Bribe from Marijuana Dispensary

BYLINE: Michael Cohn

SECTION: TAX PRACTICE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 312  words


A former Internal Revenue Service agent has been convicted in a federal court in
Seattle for receiving a bribe from a marijuana dispensary owner.

Paul G. Hurley, 43, of Seattle, was convicted on two felony counts last Friday
following a two-day trial (seeFormer IRS Agent to Be Tried for Soliciting Bribe
from Marijuana Business Owner).  The jury deliberated for three days before
reaching its verdict.  U.S. District Judge John C. Coughenour has scheduled
sentencing for Hurley for May 13, 2016. The charge of receiving a bribe by a
public official is punishable by up to 15 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

According to the evidence and testimony presented at the trial, Hurley was
randomly assigned last summer to audit the corporate taxes of Have a Heart
Compassion Care, Inc., a medical marijuana dispensary.  Hurley worked as a
revenue agent with the IRS since 2009. During a meeting at one of the
dispensary's locations, he presented the business owner, Ryan Kunkel, with the
findings of an IRS audit. Hurley indicated that he had "saved the owner
millions" during the audit and that he lived paycheck to paycheck.

In return, Hurley asked Kunkel for $20,000.  Kunkel and his attorney reported
the bribe request to the FBI. Working with law enforcement, Kunkel met twice
with Hurley, recording their conversations and delivering the cash to him in
marked bills.  Some of this cash was seized from Hurley at the time of his
arrest following his second meeting with Kunkel.

During the trial, prosecutors pointed out that Hurley had written on the audit
paperwork that Kunkel had no money to pay on his tax bill following the audit,
even as Hurley sought $20,000 to personally benefit from his work as a public
employee.

"This is a case about what he didn't do," prosecutors told the jury, noting that
Hurley failed to fulfill his duties as a revenue agent during the audit.

URL: http://www.accountingtoday.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBCPA_NEWS


                        Copyright 2016 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             579 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            January 7, 2010 Thursday
                                 THIRD EDITION

El-Amin receives 18 months Judge tells him: 'You stomped on those you
represented' by taking bribe. LOCAL

BYLINE: By Jake Wagman o jwagman@post-dispatch.com > 314-622-3580

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 506 words

DATELINE: 0


ST. LOUIS - On a day when his former colleagues kicked off a legislative session
focused on ethics reform, ex-state Rep. Talibdin "T.D." El-Amin learned the
consequences of his own ethical transgressions.

El-Amin was sentenced to a year and a half in prison Wednesday, about three
months after pleading guilty to a federal bribery charge.

Though the prison term is on the low end of what El-Amin could have received -
sentencing guidelines called for as much as 24 months - the judge delivered the
punishment with a stern rebuke of the disgraced lawmaker's conduct.

U.S. District Judge Henry Edward Autrey called El-Amin's behavior "unethical and
un-American," flushing any good deeds he may have done in his three years in
office "down the veritable political toilet."

"You stomped on those you represented," Autrey said. "You spit in their face for
a few dollars."

In addition to the prison time, Autrey ordered El-Amin to pay restitution of
$2,100, the amount the St. Louis Democrat was accused of taking in bribes.

El-Amin submitted his resignation in the fall, shortly after admitting he
accepted cash in exchange for helping a gas station owner in a dispute with City
Hall.

A "classic shakedown," Assistant U.S. Attorney Hal Goldsmith said in court
Wednesday.

While the operator of the gas station really was at loggerheads with the city,
he was also cooperating with the FBI, secretly recording the bribe transaction.

El-Amin was so concerned about his office being "bugged," Goldsmith said, that
he used written notes to communicate the bribe request. The subterfuge was for
naught - a hidden video camera captured the exchange of notes across El-Amin's
desk.

"This defendant sold his public office, plain and simple," Goldsmith told the
judge. "He sold it for cash."

El-Amin is the third former St. Louis-area legislator Goldsmith has prosecuted
in the last six months. Former state Sen. Jeff Smith, D-St. Louis, and ex-Rep.
Steve Brown, D-Clayton, pleaded guilty to obstruction of justice charges
stemming from a 2004 campaign cover-up.

Brown, who helped collect evidence against Smith, was given probation. Smith
reported this week to a federal prison camp in Kentucky to serve his sentence of
a year and day.

El-Amin was actually campaigning to replace Smith in the Senate before his legal
troubles emerged.

The rash of lawmaker convictions has led leaders in the state House and Senate
to make an ethics overhaul a top priority of the 2010 session, which began
Wednesday in Jefferson City.

In St. Louis, El-Amin, wearing a sport coat and open collar in court, seemed
sanguine about his punishment.

"The message to young people is do not get into a position where you leave your
fate in the hands of a judge," El-Amin, 39, said on the courthouse steps. "Don't
break the law."

After talking to reporters, El-Amin jumped into a black Ford Mustang that was
waiting for him outside the courthouse.

The special election to replace El-Amin is Feb. 2. It features the 1st Ward's
Karla May, running as an independent, against Democrat Hope Whitehead.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo by Laurie Skrivan  o  lskrivan@post-dispatch.com  Former state
Rep. Talibdin "T.D." El-Amin speaks to the news media Wednesday outside the
federal courthouse in St. Louis after he was sentenced to 18 months in prison
for soliciting and accepting a bribe.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             580 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                  Daily Mirror

                              June 1, 2015 Monday
                                   Edition 1;
                                Northern Ireland

Man is accused over '£2m bribe'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 222 words


A UK man caught up in the FBI's investigation into alleged football corruption
used the Cayman Islands to funnel bribe cash, documents say.

Accountant Costas Takkas, 57, a Greek Cypriot from London, moved to the
Caribbean in the early 1980s.

A one-time boss of the Cayman Islands Football Association, he is accused by US
authorities of trying to arrange bribes for contracts.

In an indictment filed in a court in New York, it is claimed he used front
companies to act as a middle-man between a sports marketing firm and a senior
FIFA official. Traffic USA Inc, involved in the sales and marketing of US
soccer, was in negotiations for media and marketing rights to 2018 and 2022
World Cup qualifiers.

Documents claim it targeted the Caribbean Football Union and made contact with
Jeffrey Webb, an official with CFU and FIFA. Webb had talks with Traffic USA
Inc, it is said. The FBI says Takkas told a man in Hungary that "associate" Webb
wanted £1.96million for the deal to go through. The man, Co-conspirator 4,
agreed to the bribe, documents allege. A £15million deal for rights for CFU's
qualifiers was signed in 2012. Documents state payment was made to accounts
controlled by Takkas and forwarded to Webb, ex-CONCACAF president.

The two men were arrested in Zurich last week. Charges in the indictment are
merely earlystage allegations.

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ARRESTED Costas Takkas is based in the Caymans

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DMR


                            Copyright 2015 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             581 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Army National Guard Official Pleads Guilty for Accepting $30,000 Bribe

LENGTH: 531  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

An Army National Guard official pleaded guilty today for accepting a $30,000
bribe in exchange for steering a $3.6 million contract to a retired sergeant
major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and his consulting company.  Today's
guilty plea is the eighth in connection with an investigation into corruption
within the National Guard Bureau related to the awarding of millions of dollars
of Army National Guard marketing, retention and recruitment contracts.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch of the Eastern District of New York,
Assistant Director in Charge Andrew McCabe of the FBI's Washington Field Office,
Special Agent in Charge Robert E. Craig Jr. of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Director Frank Robey
of the U.S. Army Criminal Investigative Command's Major Procurement Fraud Unit
(Army-CID) made the announcement.

Jason Rappoccio, 39, of Hampton, South Carolina, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Liam O'Grady of the Eastern District of Virginia to one count of
conspiracy to commit bribery and one count of bribery.  Rappoccio was indicted
on Sept. 25, 2014, and will be sentenced on May 22, 2015.

According to plea documents, Rappoccio, who was an active duty sergeant first
class in the Army National Guard, admitted to accepting a $30,000 bribe from
Timothy Bebus, a retired sergeant major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and
owner of Mil-Team Consulting and Solutions LLC (Mil-Team).  In exchange,
Rappoccio agreed to recommend the award of a $3.6 million contract to Mil-Team
and to steer the contract to a Small Business Administration (SBA) 8(a)
certified company, chosen by Bebus, that would sub-contract the work to
Mil-Team.

Rappoccio admitted that he received the $30,000 bribe in installments to conceal
the payment.  Bebus gave $6,000 in cash directly to Rappoccio at a meeting in
Arlington, Virginia.  The remaining $24,000 was paid in a cashier's check in the
name of Rappoccio's wife.

Rappoccio also admitted that days after receiving the $30,000 bribe, he
solicited and received airline tickets for two of his family members from Bebus.
Three months later, Rappoccio also received NFL tickets worth $1,328 from
another co-conspirator.  At the time that he accepted these additional benefits,
Rappoccio agreed to steer an additional $4 million contract to Bebus and his
company.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office, with
assistance from DCIS's Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Army-CID's Expeditionary
Fraud Resident Agency's Major Procurement Fraud Unit.  The case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Alison L. Anderson of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Fahey of the Eastern District of
Virginia and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Marisa Seifan and Martin Coffey of the
Eastern District of New York.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             582 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                            February 23, 2007 Friday

COLD CASH, WARM WELCOME;
EDITORIAL

BYLINE: The Ledger

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 790 words


House Speaker Nancy Pelosi has made some progress in her vow to "drain the
swamp" of ethical misconduct in Congress. Unfortunately, she's still allowing
Rep. William J. Jefferson to wade freely in the deep water.

Jefferson, D-La., became a national laughingstock last year when FBI agents
filed court papers indicating they had videotaped him taking bribes and later
found $90,000 cash in his home freezer in a raid a year and a half ago.

The scandal wasn't enough to deter voters in his New Orleans-based district from
re-electing him. It was enough, though, to prompt Pelosi to turn down requests
to reinstate him to the powerful House Ways and Means Committee.

But it didn't keep him off all committees. Pelosi recently appointed Jefferson
to the Homeland Security Committee, a move that angered Republicans and has
caused some Democrats to say they are embarrassed.

Rep. Peter King, R-N.Y., asks a fair question: "They couldn't trust him to write
tax policy, so why should he be given access to our nation's top secrets or
making policy for national defense?"

After being stripped of his committee assignment on Ways and Means, Jefferson,
59, is on the Homeland Security Committee even though he remains the target of a
two-year-old investigation. The FBI believes that the videotaped $100,000
payment Jefferson put in the trunk of his car - most of which was found in his
freezer shortly thereafter - was a bribe for his help in setting up a
telecommunications deal in Africa for iGate, a Kentucky-based company.

Vernon Jackson, iGate's chief executive, pleaded guilty last summer to paying
more than $400,000 in bribes to Jefferson. Prosecutor Mark Lytle told the court
that Jackson paid $367,500 over a four-year period to a company run by
Jefferson's wife. He said iGate also paid $80,000 in travel expenses to send
Jefferson to Africa to promote the company's technology.

Jefferson has maintained he has never taken a bribe in public service - but has
refused to explain why he was caught on videotape taking $100,000 from an FBI
informant. "I was surprised-and-disappointed to learn of Vernon Jackson's guilty
plea and of his characterization of our relationship," Jefferson told reporters.

About two weeks ago, Jefferson and his wife, along with Jackson, became the
object of a lawsuit filed in federal court by a former iGate stockholder seeking
unspecified damages on behalf of all stockholders. The suit alleges iGate bilked
stockholders by using its money to pay bribes. The Lexington Herald-Leader
reported that iGate no longer has an office, has a nonworking telephone number
and no longer has a Web site.

Pelosi defended her appointment of Jefferson on Monday at a Tempe, Ariz., stop.
She said Jefferson's appointment came in the final round of appointments and
said Jefferson's constituents in New Orleans deserve representation when
Congress reconvenes Monday after the Presidents' Day recess to discuss issues
relating to Hurricane Katrina.

Jefferson apparently remains too arrogant or out-of-touch to realize that he has
disgraced the House of Representatives in general and the Democratic Party in
particular. While he complains that other members of Congress serve on
committees while under ethics investigations, he fails to acknowledge one big
difference: None has been caught on videotape loading money into car trunks; no
cold cash has been found in their freezers.

Yet, Jefferson still has been charged with no crime. His case has been delayed
by, among other things, bipartisan complaints about a raid of his Capitol Hill
offices last year. But a federal district judge ruled in August that the taking
of documents from Jefferson's office was legal, and he rejected a request from
Jefferson that they be returned.

The documents taken by what the Justice Department termed "a public corruption
and government fraud squad" of agents remain sealed as Jefferson continues to
argue that the documents were taken illegally. But the search warrant gives a
clue as to what might be among them: "There is probable cause to believe that
the above-described Washington, D.C., Congressional Office of Congressman
William J. Jefferson contains property constituting evidence of the commission
of: (a) bribery of a public official ... (b) wire fraud (scheme or artifice to
deprive persons of honest services) ... (c) wire fraud (scheme or artifice to
obtain money) ... (d) bribery of a foreign official ... and (e) conspiracy to
commit bribery, wire fraud, bribery of a foreign official and to defraud the
United States with regard to the above-referenced crimes."

Still he serves in Congress. Now he serves on the Homeland Security Committee.
The Justice Department and the House ethics panel need to settle his fate as
soon as possible.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


             Copyright 2007 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             583 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2016 Friday

Washington: Clinton Township Trustee Indicted on Eight Counts of Bribery

LENGTH: 456  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    An elected Trustee of Clinton Township was indicted by a grand jury
yesterday on eight counts of bribery in exchange for corruptly influencing his
decisions on township business, U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade announced.



    McQuade was joined in the announcement by FBI Special Agent in Charge David
P. Gelios and Manny J. Muriel, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation, Detroit Field Office.

    Dean Reynolds, 49, of Clinton Township, was charged with engaging in a
pattern of corrupt activity, including demanding and accepting money and other
things of value, in exchange for official acts as a trustee.  The indictment of
Reynolds is part of an ongoing and long-running investigation into systemic
corruption in multiple municipalities in southeast Michigan, primarily Macomb
County.

    The indictment charges that Reynolds accepted bribes from representatives of
two companies having business with Clinton Township, and that Reynolds accepted
bribes from an undercover FBI agent.  In connection with one company, Reynolds
accepted bribes between 2009 and 2013 amounting to $9,000 in cash and a $7,000
check.  Between 2012 and 2015, Reynolds demanded and accepted bribes amounting
to over $50,000 in cash, along with other things of value, from a second
company.  In 2016, Reynolds accepted a total of $7,000 in cash bribes from an
undercover FBI agent on three separate occasions.  Reynolds also accepted an
additional $10,000 in cash bribes from a representative of one of the companies
after that individual began cooperating with the FBI.

    This investigation is being conducted by the FBI Detroit Area Corruption
Task Force, a multiagency task force led by the FBI Detroit Division and
comprised of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation Division,
Michigan State Police, Michigan Attorney General's Office, and several other
local and federal law enforcement agencies.  It is being prosecuted by Assistant
United States Attorneys R. Michael Bullotta and David A. Gardey.

    Upon conviction for a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section
666, federal program bribery, Reynolds faces a maximum of ten years in prison
and a fine of up to $250,000 on each of the eight counts of the indictment.

    An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt.

    The FBI requests that anyone having information regarding public officials
accepting bribes is encouraged to contact the Detroit Division of the FBI at
313-965-2222.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             584 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 3, 2016 Thursday

Clinton Township Trustee Indicted on Eight Counts of Bribery

LENGTH: 455  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Eastern District of
Michigan has issued the following news release:



  An elected Trustee of Clinton Township was indicted by a grand jury yesterday
on eight counts of bribery in exchange for corruptly influencing his decisions
on township business, U.S. Attorney Barbara McQuade announced.





 McQuade was joined in the announcement by FBI Special Agent in Charge David P.
Gelios and Manny J. Muriel, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation, Detroit Field Office.



 Dean Reynolds, 49, of Clinton Township, was charged with engaging in a pattern
of corrupt activity, including demanding and accepting money and other things of
value, in exchange for official acts as a trustee.  The indictment of Reynolds
is part of an ongoing and long-running investigation into systemic corruption in
multiple municipalities in southeast Michigan, primarily Macomb County.



 The indictment charges that Reynolds accepted bribes from representatives of
two companies having business with Clinton Township, and that Reynolds accepted
bribes from an undercover FBI agent.  In connection with one company, Reynolds
accepted bribes between 2009 and 2013 amounting to $9,000 in cash and a $7,000
check.  Between 2012 and 2015, Reynolds demanded and accepted bribes amounting
to over $50,000 in cash, along with other things of value, from a second
company.  In 2016, Reynolds accepted a total of $7,000 in cash bribes from an
undercover FBI agent on three separate occasions.  Reynolds also accepted an
additional $10,000 in cash bribes from a representative of one of the companies
after that individual began cooperating with the FBI.



 This investigation is being conducted by the FBI Detroit Area Corruption Task
Force, a multiagency task force led by the FBI Detroit Division and comprised of
the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation Division, Michigan State
Police, Michigan Attorney General's Office, and several other local and federal
law enforcement agencies.  It is being prosecuted by Assistant United States
Attorneys R. Michael Bullotta and David A. Gardey.



 Upon conviction for a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section 666,
federal program bribery, Reynolds faces a maximum of ten years in prison and a
fine of up to $250,000 on each of the eight counts of the indictment.



 An indictment is only a charge and is not evidence of guilt.



 The FBI requests that anyone having information regarding public officials
accepting bribes is encouraged to contact the Detroit Division of the FBI at
313-965-2222.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             585 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           October 19, 2005 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Drug sting nabs 7 GIs;
Fort Sill soldiers charged with taking bribes

BYLINE: Jay F. Marks, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 525 words


Seven current and former Fort Sill soldiers were accused Tuesday of being
uniformed escorts for FBI agents masquerading as drug smugglers bringing cocaine
into Oklahoma City.

The seven defendants are charged with taking bribes to facilitate a drug
trafficking operation that turned out to be an FBI sting.

The men will plead guilty to conspiracy charges and face up to five years in
prison and a $250,000 fine, U.S. Attorney John C. Richter said.

Facing charges are:

o Capt. Thomas A. Ball, 32, Lawton.

o Former Spc. Jason Campbell, 26, Lawton.

o Staff Sgt. Antonio Curry, 27, Fort Worth, Texas.

o Former Spc. Shannon Elleby, 24, Lawton.

o Former Staff Sgt. Maurice Rogers, 33, Lawton.

o Sgt. Leslie Ward, 26, Lawton.

o Former Pfc. Derrick Williams, 27, Lawton.    The men wore uniforms while
escorting people they believed to be drug dealers from near Wichita Falls,
Texas, to Oklahoma City in early 2004, Richter said. A soldier was present to
prevent police from stopping or searching the rental car caravans, each of which
was carrying more than 40 kilograms of cocaine.

Authorities said the soldiers, some of whom worked as military police at the
Lawton Army post, received bribes of $2,000 to $8,000 and bonuses for recruiting
others into the conspiracy.   'Operation Tarnish Star'

Conspiracy charges were filed Tuesday in federal court in Oklahoma City as part
of the investigation dubbed 'Operation Tarnish Star.'

The investigation grew out of a similar probe in Arizona, where 32 soldiers and
law officers were convicted this year of taking bribes to help bring drugs into
the United States, Richter said.

A connection between one of those people and someone at Fort Sill spurred the
investigation in Oklahoma, he said.

Richter said such willingness to sacrifice duty for personal gain undermines the
nation's security efforts.

He said the aggressive investigation and prosecution of such public corruption
offenses are necessary to protect the country and its citizens.

"This is an active and ongoing investigation," Richter said.   Reasons cited

The attorney for one of the accused soldiers said his client initially did not
want to take part in the "drug runs," but gave in after government agents
"persisted" in their attempts to involve him.

Curry, an Army recruiter in Fort Worth, intends to plead guilty, attorney George
Miskovsky III said, because he knows his actions were wrong.

"He's a career soldier and a fine man," Miskovsky said.

He said the bribe was not a major factor for Curry, who instead got involved
after being assured it was a low-risk endeavor.

Attorney Catherine Burton, who represents Williams, said money likely was what
convinced her client to join the conspiracy.

She said the former emergency medical technician had quit his job to care for a
sick newborn, leaving his family in dire financial straits.

Then Williams was approached with an offer he probably felt he couldn't refuse,
Burton said.

She said he made a dumb decision because he needed the money.

Attorneys for the other five defendants did not return calls from The Oklahoman,
nor did officials at Fort Sill. Authorities said post officials cooperated in
the investigation.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: U.S. Attorney John C. Richter, center, announces Tuesday that seven
current and former Fort Sill soldiers will plead guilty to bribery charges after
being caught in an FBI drug smuggling sting. Richter is standing between Charles
Case, left, special agent for the Defense Criminal Investigative Service, and
Salvador Hernandez, FBI special agent in charge for Oklahoma. - BY PAUL B.
SOUTHERLAND, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             586 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 27, 2017 Monday

Technology Company Owner Admits Paying Bribes To Secure Contract With Medical
Device Company

LENGTH: 344  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Jersey has
issued the following news release:



  A Stamford, Connecticut, man today admitted paying bribes in order to secure a
contract between his metallurgical technology company and a medical device
company, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Eugene Ostrovsky, 56, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Madeline Cox
Arleo in Newark federal court to an information charging him with violating the
Federal Travel Act.



 According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:



 Ostrovsky was a principal at a metallurgic technology company in New York.
Ostrovsky admitted that he and others sought a multimillion-dollar supply
contract with a medical device company in New Jersey. From 2012 through 2013,
Ostrovsky and others paid approximately $70,000 in illicit bribes to an employee
of the medical device company - Daniel Lawrynowicz, 47, of Monroe, New York - in
return for Lawrynowicz's assistance in securing the contract.



 The count of violating the Federal Travel Act carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or
loss from the offense. Ostrovsky must also forfeit $1.1 million as part of
today's guilty plea. Sentencing is scheduled for June 29, 2017.



 On March 23, 2016, Lawrynowicz was charged by complaint with accepting the
bribe payments. The charge and allegations against him are merely accusations,
and he is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark, with the investigation.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Danielle M. Corcione
of the U.S. Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Jafer Aftab of the Office's Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             587 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    JULY 11, 1995 Tuesday NEW JERSEY EDITION

LAWYERS' VIEWS OF KEATING IN STARK CONTRAST THE PROSECUTOR CALLED THE CLERK A
BRIBE-TAKER. THE DEFENSE SAID HE WAS SET UP. THE TRIAL COMES TO AN END.

BYLINE: Nancy Phillips, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. S01

LENGTH: 979 words

DATELINE: TRENTON


In court yesterday, Camden County Clerk Michael S. Keating was depicted
alternately as a corrupt, conniving criminal who sold his political office and
as an upstanding public servant set up for a fall by two scheming tax cheats.

Those conflicting views of Keating were presented to a Mercer County jury as the
clerk's nine-week bribery trial drew to a close. The contrast sketched by
Assistant Attorney General Michael J. Bozza and defense attorney M.W. Pinsky was
stark.

Bozza quoted Mark Twain as he argued that behind a facade of respectability,
Keating was a common crook.

"Every man is a little like the moon," said Bozza, quoting the author. "He has
his bright side, which is always turned toward the light of day, then he has his
dark side, which no one ever sees."

He said Keating, despite his position as a prominent Democrat who has been
county clerk since 1970, had succumbed to the temptations of power and greed in
a 15-year bribery scheme.

"That man is a bribe-taker and a thief," Bozza said and pointed at Keating. "He
has spent the better part of his public life stealing from the people he was
sworn to serve."

As Bozza spoke, Keating sat stone-faced in a dark blue suit and a white shirt
with monogrammed cuffs, fingering a commemorative coin imprinted with a prayer.

Keating, 55, of Cherry Hill, is accused of taking $213,000 in bribes from two
printers who did business with his office. He has pleaded not guilty to bribery,
conspiracy, official misconduct and other charges.

Pinsky, his lawyer, said the case against the clerk hinged on the testimony of
"polluted witnesses" who lied to save themselves from prosecution on tax
charges. Their testimony, he said, left "an ocean of reasonable doubts" that
should compel the jury to find Keating not guilty.

Two printers who sold election ballots to Camden County have said that after
each election from 1977 to 1992, Keating demanded thousands of dollars in bribes
and campaign contributions. To buttress their accounts, printers George L.
Nicholas and William H. Fernandez showed the jury bank records that included
large cash withdrawals around election time each year. They said the cash went
to Keating.

In exchange for their testimony, both men were granted immunity from prosecution
for evading taxes - Nicholas by failing for file tax returns for 10 years;
Fernandez by paying a part-time bookkeeper under the table. Pinsky suggested
that gave them reason to lie.

"A corrupt tree brings forth evil fruit," he said, quoting from the Bible. ". .
. Keating has not been shown by one piece of credible evidence to have taken
bribes from anybody in this case unless you accept the testimony of William
Fernandez and George Nicholas, the rotten trees, the bad fruit."

Bozza sharply disputed that. He noted that both printers - who said they had
never discussed the case with each other - gave nearly identical accounts of
bribing Keating. Their bank records matched their stories.

Moreover, so did Keating's. The assistant attorney general showed the jury that
the clerk had deposited large sums of cash around the time the printers said
they paid him bribes.

"This is powerful evidence," said Bozza, highlighting on a chart deposits
totaling more than $124,000. "It is conclusive evidence. There is no doubt but
that that man is a bribe-taker."

Pinsky countered that the deposits were gambling winnings, the spoils of a
pursuit that led Keating to wager tens of thousands of dollars each year. Bozza
pointed out that Keating had said nothing about gambling profits when he was
first questioned about the cash deposits in court and had not listed his
gambling winnings on his tax returns as required by law.

The payments were bribes, said Bozza, adding that the jury had heard proof.
Earlier in the trial, prosecutors played a tape made as Nicholas, wearing a
hidden microphone, handed Keating $5,000 cash on a June day in 1992.

As Keating accepted the cash, he said: "This is for, for my end?"

In court, Keating said the money was a campaign contribution. "My end," he said,
referred to his campaign account.

Bozza scoffed at that. "That term means exactly what is sounds like: his end of
the printing contract."

Pinsky stressed that the taped conversation left that unsaid. "That tape proves
nothing," he said, because neither Nicholas nor Keating said anything that
specifically linked the $5,000 to the printing contract.

The defense attorney sought to inject further doubt about the printers'
testimony by suggesting that the manner in which they said they had paid Keating
- at his house, at his office, in a Cherry Hill bar - defied logic.

"If Mr. Keating took the payoffs the way that George Nicholas and William
Fernandez described it, then I've been sitting there next to a lunatic for the
last nine weeks," Pinsky said, "because only a lunatic would take the money in
that way."

Bozza said he believed that years of power and authority had emboldened Keating
to the point of arrogance. He said it took such a trait for Keating to take the
stand and deny the bribery scheme in the face of what Bozza called compelling
evidence.

On the witness stand, Keating was inconsistent in his accounts of his dealings
with the printers and his conversations with state investigators. Bozza said
that meant he had been untruthful.

"When you weave a story around the facts and the evidence, you can't pull it
off," said the prosecutor. ". . . Little kids know that."

Bozza asked the jury to note the contrast between Keating's taped conversation
with Nicholas - peppered with profanity and talk about a local go-go bar - and
the clerk's pleasant, professional demeanor on the witness stand.

"You got the light of day," Bozza said. "And you got the dark side of the moon."

A jury is expected to begin deciding Keating's fate this morning.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             588 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Washington: Mississippi Man Pleads Guilty to Paying Bribes to Employees at
Military Base for Freight Business

LENGTH: 338  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former driver for a national trucking company pleaded guilty today to bribery
charges, admitting that he bribed employees in the Traffic Office at the Marine
Corps Logistics Base Albany (MCLB-Albany) in order to obtain lucrative freight
hauling business, announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Michael J. Moore of the
Middle District of Georgia.

David R. Nelson, 54, of Lucedale, Mississippi, pleaded guilty today before U.S.
District Judge W. Louis Sands in the Middle District of Georgia to one count of
bribery of a public official.

During his guilty plea, Nelson, a former driver for a large transportation
company based in Louisville, Kentucky, admitted to paying more than $100,000 in
bribes between 2006 and 2012 to officials in the Traffic Office at MCLB-Albany
in exchange for obtaining freight shipments from the base to destinations on the
West Coast. The bribes started at $500 for each shipment, but later grew to as
much as $1,500 per shipment. From the money he made from these freight
shipments, Nelson purchased a $50,000 specially-modified trailer that allowed
him to carry multiple Protected Security Service loads on a single trip.

As part of his plea agreement with the United States, Nelson agreed to forfeit
the proceeds he received as a result of the bribery scheme, as well as to pay
full restitution to the Department of Defense. Sentencing will be scheduled at a
later date.

The case is being investigated by the Naval Criminal Investigative Service and
the Defense Criminal Investigative Service. The case is being prosecuted by
Trial Attorneys Richard B. Evans, J.P. Cooney and John Keller of the Criminal
Division's Public Integrity Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney K. Alan Dasher
of the Middle District of Georgia.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             589 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US charges 'bribes for visas' case

LENGTH: 490  words


Four US law enforcement officers were charged with accepting cash, a TV, and
plane tickets to Thailand among bribes dating back more than a decade to help
dozens of foreigners enter the country, authorities announced Wednesday.

Bribes allegedly allowed certain immigrants to bypass the lines and get quick
approval on their US visas. (AP file photo)

The ongoing investigation ensnared employees from three different federal
agencies and is the latest in a series of incidents involving government
employees accused of trying to sneak people into the United States.

Among those charged with conspiracy to commit bribery are James Dominguez, 46, a
special agent with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement; Jesus Figueroa, 66, a
supervisory officer with Citizenship and Immigration Services and Michael
Anders, 53, a Customs and Border Protection officer.

Also charged were Paul Lovingood, 71, who retired last year from Citizenship and
Immigration Services, and Mirei Gia Hoffman, 38, a native of Japan, who was
seeking legal status in the US

Federal prosecutors said immigration lawyer Kwang Man Lee, who was previously
charged in a related case, paid bribes to the officers to secure admission
stamps and lawful permanent residence status for people who paid fees ranging
from a few hundred dollars to more than $50,000.

The bribes ranged from as little as $50 to as much as $10,000, prosecutors said.
Lee also is accused of giving Dominguez three round-trip airline tickets to
Thailand between 2001 and 2003, and a 47-inch TV to Lovingood earlier this year.

In return, the officers helped more than 35 of Lee's clients, many from Asian
countries, receive legal US status, prosecutors said. One of the examples cited
in court documents claims Anders gave security ink to Lee that allowed the
attorney to create counterfeit admission stamps.

"The allegations in this case concern federal law enforcement officers selling
their services and betraying their oaths to our nation so they could profit from
a clandestine immigration fraud ring that allowed scores of aliens to improperly
enter and reside in the United States," said US Attorney Andre Birotte Jr.

Lee met some of the defendants when he worked as an officer for the
now-shuttered Immigration and Naturalisation Service, authorities said. It's
unclear if any of the officers charged in this case knew one another.

Immigration fraud involving government employees has been documented before. A
Government Accountability Office report in December showed more than 140 current
or former employees of Customs and Border Protection, which is responsible for
policing the nation's borders, have been arrested or indicted for
corruption-related activities since the 2005 fiscal year.

If convicted of all counts, Figueroa would face a maximum penalty of 80 years in
federal prison; Anders would face a maximum 65-year term; and Lovingood and
Dominguez would each get a maximum of 20 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             590 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bangkok Post (Thailand)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US charges 'bribes for visas' case

LENGTH: 490  words


Four US law enforcement officers were charged with accepting cash, a TV, and
plane tickets to Thailand among bribes dating back more than a decade to help
dozens of foreigners enter the country, authorities announced Wednesday.

Bribes allegedly allowed certain immigrants to bypass the lines and get quick
approval on their US visas. (AP file photo)

The ongoing investigation ensnared employees from three different federal
agencies and is the latest in a series of incidents involving government
employees accused of trying to sneak people into the United States.

Among those charged with conspiracy to commit bribery are James Dominguez, 46, a
special agent with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement; Jesus Figueroa, 66, a
supervisory officer with Citizenship and Immigration Services and Michael
Anders, 53, a Customs and Border Protection officer.

Also charged were Paul Lovingood, 71, who retired last year from Citizenship and
Immigration Services, and Mirei Gia Hoffman, 38, a native of Japan, who was
seeking legal status in the US

Federal prosecutors said immigration lawyer Kwang Man Lee, who was previously
charged in a related case, paid bribes to the officers to secure admission
stamps and lawful permanent residence status for people who paid fees ranging
from a few hundred dollars to more than $50,000.

The bribes ranged from as little as $50 to as much as $10,000, prosecutors said.
Lee also is accused of giving Dominguez three round-trip airline tickets to
Thailand between 2001 and 2003, and a 47-inch TV to Lovingood earlier this year.

In return, the officers helped more than 35 of Lee's clients, many from Asian
countries, receive legal US status, prosecutors said. One of the examples cited
in court documents claims Anders gave security ink to Lee that allowed the
attorney to create counterfeit admission stamps.

"The allegations in this case concern federal law enforcement officers selling
their services and betraying their oaths to our nation so they could profit from
a clandestine immigration fraud ring that allowed scores of aliens to improperly
enter and reside in the United States," said US Attorney Andre Birotte Jr.

Lee met some of the defendants when he worked as an officer for the
now-shuttered Immigration and Naturalisation Service, authorities said. It's
unclear if any of the officers charged in this case knew one another.

Immigration fraud involving government employees has been documented before. A
Government Accountability Office report in December showed more than 140 current
or former employees of Customs and Border Protection, which is responsible for
policing the nation's borders, have been arrested or indicted for
corruption-related activities since the 2005 fiscal year.

If convicted of all counts, Figueroa would face a maximum penalty of 80 years in
federal prison; Anders would face a maximum 65-year term; and Lovingood and
Dominguez would each get a maximum of 20 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             591 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 24, 2012 Thursday

Former Tamps. governor, businessman targeted by feds

BYLINE: Jared Taylor and Ildefonso Ortiz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1259 words


May 24--SOUTH PADRE ISLAND -- Federal prosecutors have targeted a former
Tamaulipas governor and fugitive Mexican businessman who they say accepted
millions of dollars in bribes from the Gulf Cartel that were laundered in a
series of business and property deals throughout South Texas.

An indictment and two forfeiture complaints filed Tuesday seek at least $40
million in damages from Fernando Alejandro Cano Martinez, 55, of Ciudad
Victoria, Tamps., who faces charges of conspiracy to launder monetary
instruments and bank fraud.

Tied to Cano is Tomas Yarrington Ruvalcaba, 55, a former Tamaulipas governor,
Matamoros mayor and failed Mexican presidential candidate. Now a business
consultant, he is named in court documents as a beneficiary to Gulf Cartel
bribes.

Prosecutors moved to seize a gated condominium on South Padre Island purportedly
owned by Yarrington -- purchased by a "straw man" to avoid attention from the
feds -- and $6.6 million in property at a residential lot in San Antonio.

Investigators have identified at least four other unindicted co-conspirators
involved in the case besides Yarrington, who stands to lose millions in
property, but faced no criminal charges Tuesday.

The indictment alleges Cano and others conspired to use an array of corporate
entities they formed in Texas to launder portions of bribes paid by the Gulf
Cartel to high-level elected officials and candidates for such elected office in
Tamaulipas.

Millions of dollars of assets, primarily Texas real estate, were allegedly
acquired in the scheme involving Yarrington, court records state.

The Gulf Cartel bribes went to high-level elected officials in Tamaulipas,
including candidates for public office "on an ongoing basis," the indictment
states.

"These bribes were paid in exchange for little or no police interference or
forbearance of police action concerning the Gulf Cartel's narcotics trafficking
and money laundering activities within the State of Tamaulipas," at least since
1998, the indictment states.

Much of those bribes likely were directed by Osiel Cardenas Guillen, the former
Gulf Cartel capo extradited to the U.S. five years ago and sentenced to 25 years
in prison in 2010.

Cano faces up to 20 years in prison, if convicted of money laundering and an
additional five years if convicted of conspiracy to commit bank fraud.

MOVE TO SEIZE

A civil complaint filed Tuesday afternoon in federal court in Corpus Christi
targets a condominium on South Padre Island owned by Yarrington, an economist
and business consultant who holds a master's degree in public administration
from the University of Southern California.

Beyond serving as governor from 1999 to 2004, Yarrington was the former
Matamoros mayor and presidential candidate who sought nomination by the
Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, in 2005.

The complaint accuses Yarrington of using ill-gotten money to buy a condo on
South Padre Island, using a third party to buy the $450,000 property.

The condo is owned by Napoleon Rodriguez, owner of Ferretera Industrial
Rodriguez, a hardware supply company that has been contracted by the city of
Matamoros and state of Tamaulipas to supply paint and lights, the complaint
states. The upscale, 1,946-square-foot unit is halfway up the 29-story high
rise, with sweeping views of the Gulf of Mexico and Laguna Madre.

Rodriguez also worked to assist Yarrington on his political campaigns, and
bought the SPI condo in 1998 as a "straw man" for Yarrington at his request, the
complaint states.

Prosecutors allege Yarrington used "illicit income from his political years" to
become a "major real estate investor" via money laundering, the complaint
states.

And in San Antonio, the U.S. Attorney is pursuing about $6.6 million for a
property allegedly obtained with illicit funds by Yarrington, Cano and others.

The indictment filed Tuesday does not specifically name Yarrington, who does not
face criminal charges. But prosecutors in a news release linked him to the case,
saying the civil forfeiture complaint is tied into the bribery and laundering
scheme involving Cano.

"We remain steadfast in our commitment in targeting not only the drug cartels,
but those who allegedly provide support and service to them," said Kenneth
Magidson, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Texas.

CLOSE ASSOCIATES

Prosecutors all but said Yarrington was a primary beneficiary of Cano, who is
accused of acting as the point man for millions in Gulf Cartel cash that kept
state and local police off the notorious drug trafficking enterprise's track.

Cano is a prominent developer in Tamaulipas with several construction companies
with close ties to the former mayor and governor.

Yarrington is not named as a specific recipient of cartel bribes in Cano's
indictment -- no specific names are given -- but prosecutors said high-level
officials throughout Tamaulipas, including candidates for public office, their
allies, police and judges have accepted Gulf Cartel cash at least since 1998.

The two forfeiture complaints filed Tuesday mark the second time Yarrington's
name has emerged in federal court records as a beneficiary to cartel cash.

In February, federal authorities arrested Antonio Pena Arguelles in Laredo. Pena
is accused of funneling bribes from the Zetas drug cartel to Yarrington, who was
not criminally charged in that case, either.

Prior to Tuesday's court filings, Yarrington has denied any wrongdoing or ties
to drug cartels. Attempts to reach him Tuesday were unsuccessful.

Cano is accused of directing the bribe money from Mexico to the United States,
where purchases were made under third parties -- such as Yarrington's condo --
to avoid detection by federal agents.

Cano allegedly hid at least $20 million in bribe money in several businesses
located in the Valley and San Antonio.

No attorneys for Cano or Yarrington were listed with their case files Tuesday
evening.

Investigators with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Drug Enforcement
Administration and Internal Revenue Service identified about 10 bank accounts in
Mexico where, beginning in 2007, tens of millions of pesos were deposited and
later wire transferred to accounts at Inter National Bank in McAllen and First
National Bank in Brownsville, the indictment states. Between 2008 and 2009,
those wire transfers exceeded $5.5 million.

The government is also seeking $40 million beyond the forfeiture of Cano's
assets, which include a Pilatus PC-12 single-engine aircraft and several bank
accounts that belong to Cano.

The Swiss-made plane has made at least 20 trips between late January and April,
flying between Brownsville and Houston, San Antonio, Ciudad Victoria and
Monterrey, online flight records show.

The plane last flew April 22, on a one-way trip from Brownsville to Monterrey.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at jtaylor@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4439.

Ildefonso Ortiz covers law enforcement and general assignments for The Monitor.
He can be reached at iortiz@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4437.

TWITTER

Follow Jared Taylor on Twitter: @jaredataylor

Follow Ildefonso Ortiz on Twitter: @ildefonsoortiz

GOT A TIP?

Cano is currently a fugitive and a warrant remains outstanding for his arrest.
Anyone with information about his whereabouts is asked to contact Homeland
Security Investigations at (956) 542-7831 or (956) 542-5811; Radio:
145(ASTERISK)4(ASTERISK)41047; Desde Mexico: 001-800-010-5237.

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120524-MC-Former-Tamps-governor-businessman-targeted-by-feds-20120524

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                             592 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 23, 2012 Wednesday

Former Tamps. governor, businessman targeted by feds

BYLINE: Jared Taylor and Ildefonso Ortiz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1259 words


May 23--SOUTH PADRE ISLAND -- Federal prosecutors have targeted a former
Tamaulipas governor and fugitive Mexican businessman who they say accepted
millions of dollars in bribes from the Gulf Cartel that were laundered in a
series of business and property deals throughout South Texas.

An indictment and two forfeiture complaints filed Tuesday seek at least $40
million in damages from Fernando Alejandro Cano Martinez, 55, of Ciudad
Victoria, Tamps., who faces charges of conspiracy to launder monetary
instruments and bank fraud.

Tied to Cano is Tomas Yarrington Ruvalcaba, 55, a former Tamaulipas governor,
Matamoros mayor and failed Mexican presidential candidate. Now a business
consultant, he is named in court documents as a beneficiary to Gulf Cartel
bribes.

Prosecutors moved to seize a gated condominium on South Padre Island purportedly
owned by Yarrington -- purchased by a "straw man" to avoid attention from the
feds -- and $6.6 million in property at a residential lot in San Antonio.

Investigators have identified at least four other unindicted co-conspirators
involved in the case besides Yarrington, who stands to lose millions in
property, but faced no criminal charges Tuesday.

The indictment alleges Cano and others conspired to use an array of corporate
entities they formed in Texas to launder portions of bribes paid by the Gulf
Cartel to high-level elected officials and candidates for such elected office in
Tamaulipas.

Millions of dollars of assets, primarily Texas real estate, were allegedly
acquired in the scheme involving Yarrington, court records state.

The Gulf Cartel bribes went to high-level elected officials in Tamaulipas,
including candidates for public office "on an ongoing basis," the indictment
states.

"These bribes were paid in exchange for little or no police interference or
forbearance of police action concerning the Gulf Cartel's narcotics trafficking
and money laundering activities within the State of Tamaulipas," at least since
1998, the indictment states.

Much of those bribes likely were directed by Osiel Cardenas Guillen, the former
Gulf Cartel capo extradited to the U.S. five years ago and sentenced to 25 years
in prison in 2010.

Cano faces up to 20 years in prison, if convicted of money laundering and an
additional five years if convicted of conspiracy to commit bank fraud.

MOVE TO SEIZE

A civil complaint filed Tuesday afternoon in federal court in Corpus Christi
targets a condominium on South Padre Island owned by Yarrington, an economist
and business consultant who holds a master's degree in public administration
from the University of Southern California.

Beyond serving as governor from 1999 to 2004, Yarrington was the former
Matamoros mayor and presidential candidate who sought nomination by the
Institutional Revolutionary Party, or PRI, in 2005.

The complaint accuses Yarrington of using ill-gotten money to buy a condo on
South Padre Island, using a third party to buy the $450,000 property.

The condo is owned by Napoleon Rodriguez, owner of Ferretera Industrial
Rodriguez, a hardware supply company that has been contracted by the city of
Matamoros and state of Tamaulipas to supply paint and lights, the complaint
states. The upscale, 1,946-square-foot unit is halfway up the 29-story high
rise, with sweeping views of the Gulf of Mexico and Laguna Madre.

Rodriguez also worked to assist Yarrington on his political campaigns, and
bought the SPI condo in 1998 as a "straw man" for Yarrington at his request, the
complaint states.

Prosecutors allege Yarrington used "illicit income from his political years" to
become a "major real estate investor" via money laundering, the complaint
states.

And in San Antonio, the U.S. Attorney is pursuing about $6.6 million for a
property allegedly obtained with illicit funds by Yarrington, Cano and others.

The indictment filed Tuesday does not specifically name Yarrington, who does not
face criminal charges. But prosecutors in a news release linked him to the case,
saying the civil forfeiture complaint is tied into the bribery and laundering
scheme involving Cano.

"We remain steadfast in our commitment in targeting not only the drug cartels,
but those who allegedly provide support and service to them," said Kenneth
Magidson, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Texas.

CLOSE ASSOCIATES

Prosecutors all but said Yarrington was a primary beneficiary of Cano, who is
accused of acting as the point man for millions in Gulf Cartel cash that kept
state and local police off the notorious drug trafficking enterprise's track.

Cano is a prominent developer in Tamaulipas with several construction companies
with close ties to the former mayor and governor.

Yarrington is not named as a specific recipient of cartel bribes in Cano's
indictment -- no specific names are given -- but prosecutors said high-level
officials throughout Tamaulipas, including candidates for public office, their
allies, police and judges have accepted Gulf Cartel cash at least since 1998.

The two forfeiture complaints filed Tuesday mark the second time Yarrington's
name has emerged in federal court records as a beneficiary to cartel cash.

In February, federal authorities arrested Antonio Pena Arguelles in Laredo. Pena
is accused of funneling bribes from the Zetas drug cartel to Yarrington, who was
not criminally charged in that case, either.

Prior to Tuesday's court filings, Yarrington has denied any wrongdoing or ties
to drug cartels. Attempts to reach him Tuesday were unsuccessful.

Cano is accused of directing the bribe money from Mexico to the United States,
where purchases were made under third parties -- such as Yarrington's condo --
to avoid detection by federal agents.

Cano allegedly hid at least $20 million in bribe money in several businesses
located in the Valley and San Antonio.

No attorneys for Cano or Yarrington were listed with their case files Tuesday
evening.

Investigators with Immigration and Customs Enforcement, Drug Enforcement
Administration and Internal Revenue Service identified about 10 bank accounts in
Mexico where, beginning in 2007, tens of millions of pesos were deposited and
later wire transferred to accounts at Inter National Bank in McAllen and First
National Bank in Brownsville, the indictment states. Between 2008 and 2009,
those wire transfers exceeded $5.5 million.

The government is also seeking $40 million beyond the forfeiture of Cano's
assets, which include a Pilatus PC-12 single-engine aircraft and several bank
accounts that belong to Cano.

The Swiss-made plane has made at least 20 trips between late January and April,
flying between Brownsville and Houston, San Antonio, Ciudad Victoria and
Monterrey, online flight records show.

The plane last flew April 22, on a one-way trip from Brownsville to Monterrey.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at jtaylor@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4439.

Ildefonso Ortiz covers law enforcement and general assignments for The Monitor.
He can be reached at iortiz@themonitor.com and (956) 683-4437.

TWITTER

Follow Jared Taylor on Twitter: @jaredataylor

Follow Ildefonso Ortiz on Twitter: @ildefonsoortiz

GOT A TIP?

Cano is currently a fugitive and a warrant remains outstanding for his arrest.
Anyone with information about his whereabouts is asked to contact Homeland
Security Investigations at (956) 542-7831 or (956) 542-5811; Radio:
145(ASTERISK)4(ASTERISK)41047; Desde Mexico: 001-800-010-5237.

___ (c)2012 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120523-MC-Former-Tamps-governor-businessman-targeted-by-feds-20120523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2012 The Monitor


                             593 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 11, 2008 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Massachusetts Inquiries Breeding Public Distrust

BYLINE: By ABBY GOODNOUGH

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1031 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


In the dining room at No. 9 Park, an elegant restaurant in the shadow of the
Massachusetts State House, federal agents recorded an inelegant exchange under
the antique chandeliers.

According to an affidavit, the agents recorded Dianne Wilkerson, a longtime
state senator, accepting a $1,000 bribe from a constituent who wanted her help
getting a liquor license for a proposed nightclub called Dejavu.

The evidence helped lead to Ms. Wilkerson's arrest in October on charges of
taking more than $23,000 in bribes, and one piece in particular -- a photo of
the senator appearing to stuff cash up her sweater and into her bra -- has
become a symbol of broader problems on Beacon Hill.

The investigation is not over, and between bad jokes about padded bras, Boston
is buzzing with speculation about how far it will reach. A city councilor was
charged last month with accepting a $1,000 bribe, and grand jury subpoenas have
been landing in state and city offices at a startling pace.

Ms. Wilkerson and the councilor, Charles Turner, were only the latest in a
string of public employees charged with corruption here this year, and the
arrests have stirred anger among voters and hand-wringing on Beacon Hill. Within
days of Ms. Wilkerson's arrest, Gov. Deval Patrick appointed a ''task force on
public integrity'' that will recommend changes to the state's ethics and
lobbying rules by year's end.

State legislators have also proposed changes that include barring lobbyists from
contributing to political campaigns, requiring lawmakers to take frequent ethics
classes and imposing term limits for legislative leadership positions.

''I don't see how we can go forward without addressing this as the top piece of
business,'' said Representative Jennifer Callahan, a Democrat from Sutton, who
filed legislation that would bar campaign contributions from lobbyists. ''The
people in my district have voiced to me that they are really outraged and feel
betrayed.''

While the current scandals are not as outsized as the case involving Gov. Rod R.
Blagojevich of Illinois, political observers here say that distrust of
government officials has not been so acute in years.

Another veteran state senator, James Marzilli of Lowell, was charged in June
with trying to grope a woman on a park bench. In August, the Middlesex County
register of probate was charged with stealing thousands of dollars from cash and
copy machines in a county building. And in October, two employees of the State
Department of Conservation and Recreation, including a district manager, were
charged with stealing 2,000 feet of ironwork from a historic bridge over the
Charles River and selling it to a scrap yard.

Salvatore DiMasi, the speaker of the House of Representatives, is under
investigation by the State Ethics Commission, according to The Boston Globe, and
has refused to respond to a subpoena for records. His future is uncertain enough
that two of his colleagues are jockeying to replace him. One of them was the
subject of another ethics inquiry.

Mr. DiMasi's office has described the state's ethics laws as some of the
nation's toughest, but in a hearing on Wednesday before Mr. Patrick's task
force, Karen Nober, director of the State Ethics Commission, said the laws
needed more heft. In particular, Ms. Nober said, the maximum civil penalty for
ethics violations, now $2,000, should be increased to $10,000, as in New York
and Connecticut, or even $25,000, as in Rhode Island and Oregon.

John Grossman, an official in the Executive Office of Public Safety, said the
state's maximum penalty for bribery -- three years in prison plus a fine -- is
among the lowest in the nation.

''It sends a deplorable message about our priorities,'' Mr. Grossman said at the
hearing.

Others blame the entrenched Democratic control of Massachusetts politics over
the years -- Republicans have only 21 seats out of 200 in the legislature -- and
say it has fostered a tendency to look the other way when a member misbehaves.
And while the minority party is railing against corruption now -- all of the
elected officials under investigation are Democrats -- Jack Beatty, an author
and student of the state's political history, said it was just as common when
Republicans controlled the legislature a century ago.

''When you have one-party rule in the legislature, this just is endemic,'' said
Mr. Beatty, who wrote a biography of James Michael Curley, a famously corrupt
mayor and governor in the early 1900s. ''And I don't see how you increase
political competition because the Republicans have really committed hara-kiri in
this state.''

Despite his penchant for influence-peddling, Mr. Curley remained in office --
and well liked -- during two prison terms. While that is unheard of these days,
embracing a politician with questionable ethics is not. Mr. Patrick and Senate
leaders supported Ms. Wilkerson's bid for re-election in the months before her
arrest, even though she was in trouble for violating campaign finance law and
not paying $51,000 in income tax.

Mr. Marzilli stopped going to the State House after his arrest but continued
drawing his legislative salary, including a stipend for heading a committee, for
five months. He checked into a psychiatric hospital after his arrest and was
found to have bipolar disorder, his lawyer said. His colleagues demanded his
resignation only after learning last month that he had attended a conference in
Germany in his capacity as a state senator.

Ms. Wilkerson and Mr. Turner, who are black, were both stripped of committee
leadership posts after their arrests. Mr. Marzilli, who is white, was not, and
some have suggested the inconsistency smacks of racism. All three have pleaded
not guilty to the charges against them.

In creating his ethics task force, Mr. Patrick, a Democrat, emphasized that most
lawmakers are principled and that malfeasance is rare. But Shirley Kressel, a
Boston community activist who pushes for open government, said anyone who
believes that does not define corruption broadly enough.

''These stings catching someone taking a few dollars,'' Ms. Kressel said, ''that
is so tiny and peripheral a part of the problem.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: December 12, 2008



CORRECTION: An article on Thursday about scandals among state legislators in
Massachusetts misidentified the hometown of James Marzilli, who was charged in
June with trying to grope a woman on a park bench. Mr. Marzilli, who was a state
senator at the time, is from Arlington -- not Lowell, which is where he was
arrested.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Federal investigators say photos show State Senator Dianne
Wilkerson, left, and Mr. Turner accepting bribe money. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY U.S.
ATTORNEY'S OFFICE, VIA ASSOCIATED PRESS)
 Charles Turner, a Boston councilor, center, after a news conference last month.
He is charged with taking a $1,000 bribe. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ELISE
AMENDOLA/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                             594 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Business Executive From China Is Charged in U.N. Bribery Case

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 711 words


The broad United Nations corruption investigation that swept up a former
president of the General Assembly expanded on Friday, as federal prosecutors
charged a Chinese-born executive with paying at least $500,000 in bribes to buy
diplomatic positions with the government of Antigua for her husband and another
man.

The bribe was ''solicited and facilitated'' by John W. Ashe, who served as
General Assembly president for one year starting in September 2013, and Francis
Lorenzo, a deputy permanent representative to the United Nations for the
Dominican Republic, according to a criminal complaint unsealed in Federal
District Court in Manhattan on Friday.

Prosecutors have said that Mr. Ashe, who served as the permanent representative
to the United Nations for Antigua, had participated in a scheme with Mr. Lorenzo
and other defendants in which Mr. Ashe was paid more than $1.3 million in bribes
.

Mr. Ashe had solicited and accepted bribes since 2011 from Chinese
businesspeople who were seeking to influence the actions of United Nations and
Antiguan officials, prosecutors have said. Mr. Ashe was not charged with
bribery, but he was charged with two counts of filing false federal tax returns.
He has pleaded not guilty.

The charges revealed on Friday against the executive, Julia Vivi Wang, 55, a
naturalized United States citizen from China, came two days after Mr. Lorenzo,
who was suspended from his post, pleaded guilty to conspiracy, bribery and other
counts, and agreed to cooperate with the investigation, according to his plea
agreement. Two other defendants have also pleaded guilty.

The charges against Ms. Wang, also known as Vivian, stem in part from interviews
Mr. Lorenzo has given to the authorities as part of his cooperation, the
complaint says.

''It is crystal clear that Mr. Lorenzo has accepted full responsibility for his
errors in judgment and his participation in the criminal conspiracies,'' Mr.
Lorenzo's lawyer, Brian Bieber, said on Friday.

Ms. Wang, who was charged with conspiracy and money laundering, was released on
a $1.5 million bail, secured by property she owns in Rowland Heights, Calif. She
must remain at her residence in New York, the government said.

One of Ms. Wang's lawyers, Raymond H. Wong, said Friday, ''I think the
government is seriously misinterpreting the facts.'' Theoffice of Preet Bharara,
the United States attorney for the Southern District of New York, declined to
comment.

The complaint describes Ms. Wang as having served as vice president of an
organization in New York, which she founded with her husband, that promotes
sustainable development and the United Nation's development goals. The
organization is not identified in the document.

Ms. Wang and her husband, who is not named in the complaint, told Mr. Lorenzo
that they wanted to obtain an official post, like consul or envoy, because
''they viewed such a position as a business opportunity.'' The complaint says
they believed such a position would allow them to make money by ''assisting
others to obtain so-called 'economic citizenship,''' that is, citizenship for
individuals who invest a certain amount of money in a country.

The couple were willing to pay for such positions, according to the complaint,
which was signed by Jason P. Alberts, a special agent with the Federal Bureau of
Investigation.

Mr. Lorenzo helped them ''in return for hundreds of thousands of dollars'' paid
by Ms. Wang, the complaint says. It adds that Mr. Lorenzo understood, from
speaking with Mr. Ashe about the proposal, that in exchange for granting the
diplomatic posts, at least some of the money would be used to pay off one or
more Antiguan officials, including the then prime minister of Antigua, who is
not identified in the document.

In March 2013, Mr. Ashe emailed Ms. Wang, attaching a letter to her husband that
said Antigua was going to open an ''investment office'' in Hong Kong and that he
would be appointed economic envoy/honorary consul. The other man would be
appointed as the deputy. Ms. Wang's husband has since died.

At one point later, as Ms. Wang exchanged emails with Mr. Ashe and Mr. Lorenzo,
the complaint says, Ms. Wang told Mr. Ashe that on his next visit to Hong Kong,
her husband had arranged for a ''nice suit for you.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/19/nyregion/business-executive-from-china-is-char
ged-in-un-bribery-case.html

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Julia Vivi Wang

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                             595 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                               September 21, 2015

Former Illinois Court Clerk Indicted for Taking Bribe for Forged Deed

BYLINE: Andy Peters

SECTION: COMPLIANCE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 90  words


A former court clerk in Illinois has been indicted for accepting a cash bribe,
in exchange for creating a forged deed on a home.

Regina Taylor was indicted in U.S. District Court in Chicago on one count of
mail fraud and two counts of wire fraud.

While serving as the Cook County Recorder of Deeds, Taylor accepted a $200 bribe
to prepare and record a back-dated quit-claim deed on a home in Oak Park, Ill.,
according to anFBI news release. Taylor accepted the bribe from an undercover
FBI agent.

Taylor is scheduled to be arraigned on Thursday.

Â

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NATIONALMORTGAGE_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             596 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

HOW FRANCE & SOUTH AFRICA WAS WON Unsealed testimony reveals how
Blazers-accepted bribes for '98 & '10 World Cup bids

BYLINE: BY TERI THOMPSON,-NATHANIEL VINTON, CHRISTIAN RED AND MICHAEL O'KEEFFE
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 1024 words


Sepp Blatter didn't know it at the time, but FIFA's ship began sinking a year
and a half ago, at a secret hearing in the Eastern District of New York, where
American soccer executive Chuck Blazer admitted to auctioning off his vote on
World Cup hosting rights.

Blazer rolled into the U.S. District Court on his wheelchair in Brooklyn on Nov.
25, 2013, and admitted in the closed courtroom that he and other international
soccer officials accepted bribes in conjunction with the selection of the host
countries for the 1998 and 2010 World Cup tournaments, according to a transcript
of the hearing unsealed Wednesday.

The testimony supports allegations in a federal indictment that a $10 million
bribe passed through FIFA accounts in 2008 before making its way to CONCACAF,
the regional soccer authority Blazer helped lead, and eventually into Blazer's
own pockets. On Wednesday, South Africa sports minister Fikile Mbalula denied
the money was late payment on a bribe to secure votes to host the 2010
tournament. "We won the bid clean," Mbaula told reporters in Johannesburg.

But Blazer's testimony clearly contradicts the South African's denial.

"Among other things, I agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation
for the 1998 World Cup. Beginning in or about 1993 and continuing through the
early 2000s, I and others agreed to accept bribes and kickbacks in conjunction
with the broadcast and other rights to the 1996, 1998, 2000, 2002 and 2003 Gold
Cups," Blazer said in his plea hearing. "Beginning in or around 2004 and
continuing through 2011, I and others on the FIFA executive committee agreed to
accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of South Africa as the host
nation for the 2010 World Cup."

The transcript also reconfirms Blazer's centrality to the ongoing investigation
of FIFA executives and their business partners by New York prosecutors. The
existence of the probe was first reported by the Daily News in November, along
with details of Blazer's cooperation.

Blazer, now 70, pleaded guilty to 10 charges, including racketeering conspiracy,
money laundering conspiracy, wire fraud conspiracy and tax evasion. In a plea
hearing before U.S. District Judge Raymond Dearie, Blazer acknowledged that he
and other FIFA executives accepted bribes to support South Africa's successful
bid to host the 2010 World Cup. Blazer also admitted that he helped facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the 1998 World
Cup, which was hosted by France.

Blazer did not identify the country that had offered the bribe at the 2013
hearing, but a charging document unsealed last week said Blazer was present when
a representative of Morocco's bid committee offered a payment in exchange for
the support of a FIFA official identified as co-conspirator #1 - believed to be
former FIFA and CONCACAF executive Jack Warner, who prosecutors say told Blazer
to make arrangements for the delivery of the payment.

Warner was indicted last week and briefly jailed in his native Trinidad. Two of
his sons are swept up in the government's FIFA probe as well; Daryan and Daryll
Warner, like Blazer, secretly pleaded guilty in the Brooklyn court in 2013 and
await sentencing.

Blazer is currently hospitalized in New York City. At the time of his plea
hearing, he was confined to a wheelchair and admitted he was being treated for
rectal cancer. He was also suffering with diabetes and coronary disease.

In the 2013 plea hearing, Blazer also told the judge that he and other FIFA
insiders had accepted bribes and kickbacks for the broadcast rights of the Gold
Cup, the biannual tournament that features the best teams from North America,
Central America and the Caribbean.

"During my association with FIFA and CONCACAF, among other things, I and others
agreed that I and a co-conspirator would commit at least two acts of
racketeering activity," Blazer told Dearie during the hearing.

Blazer's blunt admission is just the latest blow to FIFA and Blatter. Fourteen
FIFA executives and sports marketing officials were named in a 47-count
indictment unsealed in Brooklyn federal court last week that claims soccer
officials accepted more than $150 million in bribes from countries seeking to
host the World Cup and marketing firms seeking broadcast rights.

Blatter easily won a fifth term to lead embattled FIFA Friday in Switzerland,
but he shocked the world by stepping down Tuesday amid pressure from the U.S.
Justice Department, corporate sponsors, FIFA executives and his own advisers.
His lawyers are believed to have advised him that remaining in his post could
subject him to future legal difficulties, especially if he continued to speak
about the investigation, which he roundly criticized last week, and the motives
of U.S. prosecutors, including Attorney General Loretta Lynch.

According to one source familiar with the investigation, Blatter's team likely
presented him with three options: (1) resign immediately; (2) resign in six
months or a year; (3) stay in place.

"If you stay in place," the source said, "FIFA may not exist."

Blazer's guilty plea hearing was closed to the press and public, as federal
investigators ferreted out the breathtaking crimes that would rock soccer's
leadership. Dearie agreed to bar the public and media from Blazer's 2013 plea
hearing because he understood any leaks would undermine the federal
investigation that was already two years old.

"Both the nature of the investigation, the identity of the defendant himself,
and the surrounding circumstances given the breathe (sic) of the investigation
make it clear to me that any public release of information at this time would,
as I say, irreparably damage that investigation, and the effectiveness of any
prosecution thereafter to follow," Dearie said.

At one point, Dearie even asked a court security officer to confirm that the
courtroom was locked and that that nobody is waiting outside.

"Will you do me a favor and just open the door," Dearie asked the security
officer, "and see if there is anybody lusting about in the hallway yearning to
get in here."

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             597 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with practices in Wall Township and Howell Township, New Jersey, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DeLuca, 52, of Point Pleasant, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including DeLuca, 32 people--21 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.2 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DeLuca admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $1,500 per month, which he received
from another person on in his medical office engaged in the same activity.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC--one of several entities used by BLS
to make illegal payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the
bribery conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of
Boonton, New Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four
other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement.
Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his
role in the scheme

The bribery count to which DeLuca pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
March 20, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, DeLuca must forfeit $16,500,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS. U.S. Attorney Fishman
credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Thomas
O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Acting Special
Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection
Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the
ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $540 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             598 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 643  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A doctor with practices in Wall Township and Howell Township, New Jersey, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DeLuca, 52, of Point Pleasant, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including DeLuca, 32 people--21 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.2 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DeLuca admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $1,500 per month, which he received
from another person on in his medical office engaged in the same activity.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC--one of several entities used by BLS
to make illegal payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the
bribery conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of
Boonton, New Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four
other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement.
Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his
role in the scheme

The bribery count to which DeLuca pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
March 20, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, DeLuca must forfeit $16,500,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS. U.S. Attorney Fishman
credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of
Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Thomas
O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Acting Special
Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S. Postal Inspection
Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the
ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $540 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             599 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                              July 24, 2005 Sunday

OFFICIAL ALLEGING PRC BRIBE SOLICITATION WON'T TALK TO INVESTIGATORS

BYLINE: BEN NEARY

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 940 words


Worker who reported allegation intends to sue over his termination

A private-transportation-company official who was allegedly shaken down for a
$10,000 bribe by a worker at the New Mexico Public Regulation Commission has
refused to talk to a private investigator the commission retained.

Given the official's refusal to talk, the PRC has determined there's
insufficient evidence to take action against an unnamed employee accused of
trying to solicit the bribe. However, a law-enforcement investigation into the
matter is apparently under way.

Albert Ibarra, former head of the investigations bureau at the PRC's
Transportation Division, wrote to Division Director Ron Martinez on March 25 to
report the bribery allegation.

In his letter, Ibarra stated, "I recently received credible information alleging
that a staff member in the Transportation Division had requested a $10,000 bribe
from a certificate holder."

The PRC issues certificates of "public convenience and necessity" that allow
transportation companies such as bus and taxi operations to operate without
competition in certain markets.

In his letter, Ibarra requested assurances that he not be retaliated against for
making the report. Yet he was fired from the PRC on May 20.

Carolyn Glick, chief counsel for the PRC, said this week that private
investigator Albert Mares looked into the allegations and determined there was
insufficient evidence to take action.

Glick said the transportation-company official Ibarra named refused to speak
with Mares. The official said he wouldn't talk unless he was under subpoena,
Glick said.

Asked whether the official's refusal to speak with Mares contributed to the
finding of insufficient evidence to take action against the PRC employee, Glick
said, "That's certainly part of the reason."

In his letter, Ibarra said he contacted the unnamed transportation-company
official after hearing about the bribe allegation.

"The gentleman described the conversation he had with the staff member regarding
an application for a certificate," Ibarra wrote. "The certificate holder was
told by the staff member that it was very difficult to get such certificates,
that if he would pay $10,000 to the staff member, it would help 'grease the
wheels.' "

Ibarra stated that the transportation-company official didn't pay the $10,000,
but Ibarra said the man was "very upset and concerned that his report of this
alleged solicitation of a bribe by a public official would result in retaliation
by the commission staff against him."

Allegations of favoritism and patronage politics have swirled around the
issuance of certificates at the PRC and its predecessor agency, the State
Corporation Commission, for years.

Ray Sena, former state Democratic Party chairman, for years held the certificate
giving him the exclusive franchise to run bus service between Santa Fe and
Albuquerque.

He served prison time after one of his buses hauling school kids ran off the
road returning from the Santa Fe Ski Basin in 1999, killing one child and an
adult chaperone.

Later, state and federal investigations found Sena had failed to maintain his
bus fleet and state officials had failed to follow up on repeated safety
complaints.

Ibarra asked his superiors at the PRC to launch an independent investigation
into the bribery allegation.

He said the staff member who allegedly solicited the bribe had made threats
against him and questioned whether the PRC should refer the matter to the state
attorney general or the local district attorney.

In late May, when The New Mexican first wrote of the bribery allegation, Glick
said the PRC hadn't referred the matter to either the AG's office or the DA's
office.

The AG's office in May declined comment, but District Attorney Henry Valdez of
Santa Fe said his office hadn't heard anything about the bribery allegation but
would look into it if it received any report.

Glick said Wednesday that a law-enforcement agency she declined to name has been
conducting an investigation into the bribery allegation in recent weeks.

She said investigators have asked her not to reveal which agency it is.

Glick said PRC Chief of Staff Danny Mayfield accepted Mares' conclusion that
there was insufficient evidence to act on the bribery allegation and briefed
commissioners on it late last month.

Mayfield doesn't generally discuss such matters with commissioners, Glick said.

However, she said, "because this was in the newspaper, this was discussed with
the commissioners so they would know what the findings were."

PRC Chairman Ben Ray Lujan this week declined comment on the investigation,
saying questions must go to Glick.

Edward Hollington, an Albuquerque lawyer, represents Ibarra and has filed notice
with the state that his client intends to file a lawsuit against the PRC over
his termination.

"Mr. Ibarra doesn't have any appeal rights under the personnel act, because they
fired him a couple of weeks before he satisfied his one-year probationary
period," Hollington said this week.

However, Hollington said he believes that in firing Ibarra after he reported the
bribery allegation, the state violated Ibarra's constitutional rights.

While Mayfield has said Ibarra's firing wasn't connected to reporting the
bribery allegation, Hollington noted Ibarra was fired just a few weeks after
making his report.

"We think clearly there's been a violation of Mr. Ibarra's First Amendment
right," Hollington said.

He said he also believes the PRC violated Ibarra's right to political
association by retaliating against him because he had been associated with
former PRC Commissioner Herb Hughes, a Republican who left the commission at the
beginning of the year.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The New Mexican


                             600 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The Times (London)

                          September 11, 2003, Thursday

Wembley executives indicted in $ 4m bribe claims

BYLINE: Russell Hotten

SECTION: Business; 25

LENGTH: 497 words


AMERICAN investigators are examining the activities of two individuals in the UK
who allegedly conspired with executives of Wembley, the gaming company, to bribe
US officials.

Nigel Potter, chief executive of Wembley, was accused yesterday of plotting to
bribe officials in an attempt to expand the company's gambling complex in Rhode
Island, the northeast American state.

Shares in Wembley collapsed after Mr Potter and Dan Bucci, an executive in the
US, were accused of proposing a $ 4.5 million (Pounds 2.8 million) bribe, in a
22 count indictment issued by the Rhode Island district court.

The indictment mentions several times other unnamed co-conspirators in the UK
who may have been involved in the alleged corruption.

Mr Potter and Mr Bucci have stood down temporarily in order to fight the
charges.

They could each face up to five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine. The men
are due to appear in court in Rhode Island next Friday.

Wembley is accused of planning to bribe John Harwood, one of Rhode Island's most
important politicians, and other officials, in order to win influence with the
state's Lottery Commission.

The company, former owner of the famous London football stadium, is also accused
of wanting to block an attempt by the Narragansett Native American tribe to open
a rival casino complex.

The indictment appears to accept that no money changed hands but alleges that Mr
Potter and Mr Bucci drew up proposals to pay bribes, disguised as retainers, to
Mr Harwood's law firm over a six-year period. Neither Mr Harwood nor the firm he
runs, McKinnon & Harwood, is accused of any wrongdoing in the indictment.

McKinnon & Harwood, which had been working for Wembley for about ten years, said
yesterday that it had never been offered bribes or asked to use political and
legislative influence.

The indictment mentions several faxes between Mr Bucci and Mr Potter that
investigators believe point to a bribery plan. The indictment also refers to
several faxes that allegedly mention "two co-conspirators in the United Kingdom"
in addition to Mr Potter.

One of these faxes allegedly mentions paying McKinnon & Harwood "a $ 1 million
retainer for four years, without strings". Another fax allegedly mentions the
"arrangement" under which the law firm might accept the offer.

Claes Hultman, chairman of Wembley, who will assume the role of chief executive,
said: "The board of Wembley believes that no US laws were broken, nor was there
any intention to break any US laws.

"No payment was approved and no payment was ever made and we remain of the view
that these allegations are without foundation. The indicted executives have the
full support of Wembley." The company declined to comment on the "co
conspirators" claim.

Wembley's shares fell 21.5 per cent to 520p. The Rhode Island complex accounts
for the bulk of Wembley's revenues and the company is seeking permission for a
big expansion in Colorado.


LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2003 Times Newspapers Limited


                             601 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 21, 2013 Saturday

New Jersey: Former Middlesex County Sheriff Joseph Spicuzzo Sentenced to Nine
Years in State Prison for Collecting Bribes for Jobs

LENGTH: 975  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Office of Attorney General, The State of New Jersey has issued the following
news release:

Acting Attorney General John J. Hoffman announced that former Middlesex County
Sheriff Joseph C. Spicuzzo was sentenced to prison today for orchestrating a
jobs-for-cash scheme in which he collected about $112,000 in bribes from
individuals seeking positions or promotions in the sheriff's office. An
investigator who worked under Spicuzzo in the sheriff's office and assisted him
in collecting bribes was also sentenced to jail.

Spicuzzo, 68, of Helmetta, was sentenced to nine years in state prison,
including two years of parole ineligibility, by Superior Court Judge Anthony J.
Mellaci Jr. in Monmouth County. Spicuzzo was also ordered to pay a $55,000 fine.
Spicuzzo pleaded guilty on June 25 to a second-degree charge of bribery.
Spicuzzo forfeited his entire state pension and is permanently barred from
public employment in New Jersey.

Darrin P. DiBiasi, 45, of Monmouth Junction, a former sheriff's investigator,
was sentenced by Judge Mellaci to 364 days in the county jail as a condition of
five years of probation. DiBiasi was also ordered to serve 200 hours of
community service and to pay a $5,000 fine. DiBiasi pleaded guilty on June 25 to
a third-degree charge of conspiracy to make illegal gifts to a public servant.
Like Spicuzzo, he is permanently barred from public employment in New Jersey.

Paul A. Lucarelli, 48, of South River, another sheriff's officer who also worked
for Spicuzzo and pleaded guilty on June 25 to a third-degree charge of
conspiracy to make illegal gifts to a public servant, is scheduled to be
sentenced on Oct. 4.

Deputy Attorney General Anthony A. Picione, Chief of the Corruption Bureau, and
Deputy Attorney General Michael A. Monahan, Deputy Bureau Chief, took the guilty
pleas and handled the sentencings for the Division of Criminal Justice. The
charges stem from a joint investigation by the State Police Official Corruption
Bureau and the Division of Criminal Justice Corruption Bureau.

"Sheriff Spicuzzo's decades as a political power broker in Middlesex County
corrupted him to the point that he viewed jobs in the sheriff's office as
personal assets he could sell for his own enrichment," said Acting Attorney
General Hoffman. "Spicuzzo clearly thought he was above the law, because that is
the only way to explain his brazen demands for bribes from new recruits. With
this prison sentence, we affirm that nobody is above the law in New Jersey."

"Because of the power they wield and the way they insulate themselves behind
loyal subordinates, entrenched leaders like Spicuzzo can be hard to uncover and
prosecute," said Director Elie Honig of the Division of Criminal Justice. "We
urge anyone with information about public corruption to contact us
confidentially so that we can bring these dishonest officials to justice. We vow
that we will aggressively pursue all leads."

Acting Attorney General Hoffman and Director Honig noted that the Division of
Criminal Justice has established a toll-free Corruption Tipline 1-866-TIPS-4CJ
for the public to report corruption, financial crime and other illegal
activities. Additionally, the public can log on to the Division of Criminal
Justice web page at www.njdcj.org to report suspected wrongdoing. All
information received will remain confidential.

The state, through its investigation, determined that between March 1996 and
November 2008, while serving as county sheriff, Spicuzzo demanded that eight
people pay him bribes in return for him appointing them as new sheriff's
investigators or promoting them within the office. Sheriff's officers are hired
through the civil service system, but sheriff's investigators are appointed by
the sheriff. The state's investigation revealed that young applicants seeking
law enforcement positions as investigators were forced to exhaust all sources of
funding available to them to pay the bribes.

The investigation determined that Spicuzzo directly or indirectly solicited and
accepted individual bribes ranging from $5,000 to $25,000 from seven individuals
seeking to be hired as investigators. Those individuals included DiBiasi, who
paid a $5,000 bribe prior to being hired in 1999. Spicuzzo also took two bribes
from a sheriff's officer in the amounts of $7,000 and $5,000 in return for two
promotions within the sheriff's office between 2007 and 2008. Each person who
paid a bribe was given the promised position.

In pleading guilty, DiBiasi admitted that he conspired with Spicuzzo in the
jobs-for-cash scheme. The investigation revealed that DiBiasi collected three
bribes from individuals seeking investigator positions and delivered them to
Spicuzzo between 2002 and 2005, including two bribes of approximately $12,500
and one bribe of approximately $10,000.

Spicuzzo was arrested by State Police detectives on March 7, 2011 and DiBiasi
was arrested on July 7, 2011.

Spicuzzo was Middlesex County Sheriff for nearly 30 years. Following his arrest
in this case, he resigned as Middlesex County Democratic Party chairman, a
position he held for 16 years. He also resigned from his position as a
commissioner on the New Jersey Sports & Exposition Authority, to which he was
appointed in December 2009.  DiBiasi retired from his job as a sheriff's
investigator in June 2011, prior to his arrest.

The investigation was conducted by Lt. Garrett Duffy, Detective Sgt. Brian
Murphy, Detective Sgt. Lisa King and other members of the State Police Official
Corruption Bureau, under the supervision of former bureau chief, Capt. Thomas T.
Goletz, and by Deputy Attorney General Vincent J. Militello, under the
supervision of Assistant Attorney General Christine Hoffman, who is Deputy
Director of the Division of Criminal Justice and former Chief of the Corruption
Bureau.

For further information please visit: http://www.state.nj.us/

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             602 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Hawaii: Army National Guard Official Pleads Guilty for Accepting $30,000 Bribe

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

An Army National Guard official pleaded guilty today for accepting a $30,000
bribe in exchange for steering a $3.6 million contract to a retired sergeant
major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and his consulting company.  Today's
guilty plea is the eighth in connection with an investigation into corruption
within the National Guard Bureau related to the awarding of millions of dollars
of Army National Guard marketing, retention and recruitment contracts.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch of the Eastern District of New York,
Assistant Director in Charge Andrew McCabe of the FBI's Washington Field Office,
Special Agent in Charge Robert E. Craig Jr. of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Director Frank Robey
of the U.S. Army Criminal Investigative Command's Major Procurement Fraud Unit
(Army-CID) made the announcement.

Jason Rappoccio, 39, of Hampton, South Carolina, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Liam O'Grady of the Eastern District of Virginia to one count of
conspiracy to commit bribery and one count of bribery.  Rappoccio was indicted
on Sept. 25, 2014, and will be sentenced on May 22, 2015.

According to plea documents, Rappoccio, who was an active duty sergeant first
class in the Army National Guard, admitted to accepting a $30,000 bribe from
Timothy Bebus, a retired sergeant major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and
owner of Mil-Team Consulting and Solutions LLC (Mil-Team).  In exchange,
Rappoccio agreed to recommend the award of a $3.6 million contract to Mil-Team
and to steer the contract to a Small Business Administration (SBA) 8(a)
certified company, chosen by Bebus, that would sub-contract the work to
Mil-Team.

Rappoccio admitted that he received the $30,000 bribe in installments to conceal
the payment.  Bebus gave $6,000 in cash directly to Rappoccio at a meeting in
Arlington, Virginia.  The remaining $24,000 was paid in a cashier's check in the
name of Rappoccio's wife.

Rappoccio also admitted that days after receiving the $30,000 bribe, he
solicited and received airline tickets for two of his family members from Bebus.
Three months later, Rappoccio also received NFL tickets worth $1,328 from
another co-conspirator.  At the time that he accepted these additional benefits,
Rappoccio agreed to steer an additional $4 million contract to Bebus and his
company.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office, with
assistance from DCIS's Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Army-CID's Expeditionary
Fraud Resident Agency's Major Procurement Fraud Unit.  The case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Alison L. Anderson of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Fahey of the Eastern District of
Virginia and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Marisa Seifan and Martin Coffey of the
Eastern District of New York.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             603 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Hawaii: Owners of Home Health Companies and Patient Recruiter Plead Guilty in
Miami for Role in $20 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 889  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Department of Justice, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The owners and operators of several Miami home health care agencies and a
patient recruiter pleaded guilty today in connection with a health care fraud
scheme involving defunct home health care company Trust Care Health Services
Inc. (Trust Care).

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida; Special Agent in Charge Michael B. Steinbach of the FBI's Miami Field
Office; Special Agent in Charge Christopher B. Dennis of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Office of
Investigations Miami office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Michael J.
DePalma of the Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Miami
Field Office made the announcement.

Roberto Marrero, 60; Sandra Fernandez Viera, 49; and Enrique Rodriguez, 59, all
of Miami, pleaded guilty before U.S. Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres in the
Southern District of Florida to conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

Marrero and Fernandez Viera were owners and operators of Trust Care, a Miami
home health care agency that purported to provide home health and physical
therapy services to Medicare beneficiaries.  Rodriguez worked as a patient
recruiter on behalf of Trust Care and Marrero and Fernandez Viera.

According to court documents, Marrero and Fernandez Viera operated Trust Care
for the purpose of billing the Medicare Program for, among other things,
expensive physical therapy and home health care services that were not medically
necessary and/or were not provided.

Marrero largely controlled Trust Care and, in light of that role, oversaw the
schemes operating out of the company.  Fernandez Viera's primary role, among
others, involved managing and supervising personnel at Trust Care.  Both Marrero
and Fernandez Viera were responsible for negotiating and paying kickbacks and
bribes, interacting with patient recruiters, and coordinating and overseeing the
submission of fraudulent claims submitted to the Medicare program.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators paid kickbacks and bribes to
patient recruiters, including Rodriguez, in return for the recruiters providing
patients to Trust Care for home health and therapy services that were medically
unnecessary and/or not provided.  Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their
co-conspirators at Trust Care also paid kickbacks and bribes to co-conspirators
in doctors' offices and clinics in exchange for home health and therapy
prescriptions, medical certifications and other documentation.  Marrero,
Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators used these prescriptions, medical
certifications and other documentation to fraudulently bill the Medicare program
for home health care services, which Marrero and Fernandez Viera knew was in
violation of federal criminal laws.

Rodriguez offered and paid kickbacks and bribes to Medicare beneficiaries in
return for those beneficiaries allowing Trust Care to bill Medicare for services
that were medically unnecessary and/or not provided.  Rodriguez solicited and
received kickbacks and bribes from the owners and operators of Trust Care,
including Marrero and Fernandez Viera, in return for his patient recruiting.
Rodriguez knew that in many instances the patients he recruited for Trust Care
did not qualify for the services billed to Medicare.

From approximately March 2007 through at least October 2010, Trust Care
submitted more than $20 million in claims for home health services.  Medicare
paid Trust Care more than $15 million for these fraudulent claims.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and Rodriguez also acknowledged their involvement in
similar fraudulent schemes at several other Miami health care agencies in
addition to Trust Care with estimated total losses of approximately $50 million,
including Global Nursing Home Health Inc., Lovable Home Health Services Corp.,
New Concepts In Health Inc., Ubieta Health System Inc., R&M Health Care Inc.,
Vital Care Home Health Services Inc., Centrum Home Health Care Inc. and A&B
Health Services Inc.

At sentencing, scheduled for Nov. 12, 2013, the defendants face a maximum
penalty of 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
five years in prison for conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

The case was investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG, with the assistance of IRS-CI,
and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the
supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney A. Brendan Stewart of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged more than 1,500
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $5
billion.  In addition, HHS's Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working
in conjunction with HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

For further information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             604 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            January 5, 2012 Thursday
                              RACING FINAL EDITION

Kruger pal sez sorry for bribes

BYLINE: BY Robert Gearty

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 175 words


A TOP Manhattan lobbyist pleaded guilty Wednesday to paying $260,000 in bribes
to disgraced ex-state Sen. Carl Kruger, acknowledging he "crossed the line."

Richard Lipsky, 64, faces 57 to 71 months behind bars when he is sentenced May
4.

"I accept responsibility for my conduct and incredibly poor judgment," Lipsky
said in Manhattan Federal Court.

Prosecutors said Lipsky funneled bribes to two shell companies controlled by
Kruger and the disgraced legislator's "intimate associate" Dr. Michael Turano, a
gynecologist.

In exchange, Kruger used the power of his office to benefit Lipsky's clients and
send him more business.

Lipsky referred to the bribes in court as "referral fees."

"I felt obliged to keep Kruger happy and so I willingly agreed to pay the
referral fees," Lipsky said.

U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara Lipsky said the case is an example of how power
corrupts.

"As a lobbyist, Richard Lipsky was permitted to influence the legislative
process on behalf of his clients with the power of his arguments, not the power
of his checkbook," Bharara said.

LOAD-DATE: January 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 Daily News, L.P.


                             605 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             June 4, 2015 Thursday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

BLAZING A TRAIL OF CASH & KICKBACKS Unsealed testimony reveals how ex-FIFA
exec-accepted bribes for '98 & '10 World Cup bids

BYLINE: BY TERI THOMPSON, NATHANIEL VINTON,-CHRISTIAN RED AND MICHAEL O'KEEFFE
NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 1023 words


Sepp Blatter didn't know it at the time, but FIFA's ship began sinking a year
and a half ago, at a secret hearing in the Eastern District of New York, where
American soccer executive Chuck Blazer admitted to auctioning off his vote on
World Cup hosting rights.

Blazer rolled into the U.S. District Court on his wheelchair in Brooklyn on Nov.
25, 2013, and admitted in the closed courtroom that he and other international
soccer officials accepted bribes in conjunction with the selection of the host
countries for the 1998 and 2010 World Cup tournaments, according to a transcript
of the hearing unsealed Wednesday.

The testimony supports allegations in a federal indictment that a $10 million
bribe passed through FIFA accounts in 2008 before making its way to CONCACAF,
the regional soccer authority Blazer helped lead, and eventually into Blazer's
own pockets. On Wednesday, South Africa sports minister Fikile Mbalula denied
the money was late payment on a bribe to secure votes to host the 2010
tournament. "We won the bid clean," Mbaula told reporters in Johannesburg.

But Blazer's testimony clearly contradicts the South African's denial.

"Among other things, I agreed with other persons in or around 1992 to facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the host nation
for the 1998 World Cup. Beginning in or about 1993 and continuing through the
early 2000s, I and others agreed to accept bribes and kickbacks in conjunction
with the broadcast and other rights to the 1996, 1998, 2000, 2002 and 2003 Gold
Cups," Blazer said in his plea hearing. "Beginning in or around 2004 and
continuing through 2011, I and others on the FIFA executive committee agreed to
accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of South Africa as the host
nation for the 2010 World Cup."

The transcript also reconfirms Blazer's centrality to the ongoing investigation
of FIFA executives and their business partners by New York prosecutors. The
existence of the probe was first reported by the Daily News in November, along
with details of Blazer's cooperation.

Blazer, now 70, pleaded guilty to 10 charges, including racketeering conspiracy,
money laundering conspiracy, wire fraud conspiracy and tax evasion. In a plea
hearing before U.S. District Judge Raymond Dearie, Blazer acknowledged that he
and other FIFA executives accepted bribes to support South Africa's successful
bid to host the 2010 World Cup. Blazer also admitted that he helped facilitate
the acceptance of a bribe in conjunction with the selection of the 1998 World
Cup, which was hosted by France.

Blazer did not identify the country that had offered the bribe at the 2013
hearing, but a charging document unsealed last week said Blazer was present when
a representative of Morocco's bid committee offered a payment in exchange for
the support of a FIFA official identified as co-conspirator #1 - believed to be
former FIFA and CONCACAF executive Jack Warner, who prosecutors say told Blazer
to make arrangements for the delivery of the payment.

Warner was indicted last week and briefly jailed in his native Trinidad. Two of
his sons are swept up in the government's FIFA probe as well; Daryan and Daryll
Warner, like Blazer, secretly pleaded guilty in the Brooklyn court in 2013 and
await sentencing.

Blazer is currently hospitalized in New York City. At the time of his plea
hearing, he was confined to a wheelchair and admitted he was being treated for
rectal cancer. He was also suffering with diabetes and coronary disease.

In the 2013 plea hearing, Blazer also told the judge that he and other FIFA
insiders had accepted bribes and kickbacks for the broadcast rights of the Gold
Cup, the biannual tournament that features the best teams from North America,
Central America and the Caribbean.

"During my association with FIFA and CONCACAF, among other things, I and others
agreed that I and a co-conspirator would commit at least two acts of
racketeering activity," Blazer told Dearie during the hearing.

Blazer's blunt admission is just the latest blow to FIFA and Blatter. Fourteen
FIFA executives and sports marketing officials were named in a 47-count
indictment unsealed in Brooklyn federal court last week that claims soccer
officials accepted more than $150 million in bribes from countries seeking to
host the World Cup and marketing firms seeking broadcast rights.

Blatter easily won a fifth term to lead embattled FIFA Friday in Switzerland,
but he shocked the world by stepping down Tuesday amid pressure from the U.S.
Justice Department, corporate sponsors, FIFA executives and his own advisers.
His lawyers are believed to have advised him that remaining in his post could
subject him to future legal difficulties, especially if he continued to speak
about the investigation, which he roundly criticized last week, and the motives
of U.S. prosecutors, including Attorney General Loretta Lynch.

According to one source familiar with the investigation, Blatter's team likely
presented him with three options: (1) resign immediately; (2) resign in six
months or a year; (3) stay in place.

"If you stay in place," the source said, "FIFA may not exist."

Blazer's guilty plea hearing was closed to the press and public, as federal
investigators ferreted out the breathtaking crimes that would rock soccer's
leadership. Dearie agreed to bar the public and media from Blazer's 2013 plea
hearing because he understood any leaks would undermine the federal
investigation that was already two years old.

"Both the nature of the investigation, the identity of the defendant himself,
and the surrounding circumstances given the breathe (sic) of the investigation
make it clear to me that any public release of information at this time would,
as I say, irreparably damage that investigation, and the effectiveness of any
prosecution thereafter to follow," Dearie said.

At one point, Dearie even asked a court security officer to confirm that the
courtroom was locked and that nobody is waiting outside.

"Will you do me a favor and just open the door," Dearie asked the security
officer, "and see if there is anybody lusting about in the hallway yearning to
get in here."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Chuck Blazer's cooperation with government, which News reported in
November (inset), has been revealed in unsealed testimony he gave in 2013 in
which he admits to racketeering, wire fraud and other charges that helped lead
to indictments and arrests of FIFA officials last week and then Sepp Blatter's
resignation as president of world soccer's ruling body on Tuesday. GETTY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                             606 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Moscow News

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday

US Daimler investigation hits Russian officials

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 405 words


Evgeniya Chaykovskaya

German auto giant Daimler AG is accused of spending more than 5 million euro on
bribes in Russia, Vedomosti daily reported quoting U.S. court papers.

Daimler offered bribes worth more than 5.02 million euro in exchange for
government orders in Russia, according to the court papers presented by the US
Department of Justice.

They say that the receivers were the employees of Interior Ministry, special
purpose garage of the Federal Protection Service, Defense Ministry and city
authorities of Moscow, Ufa and Novy Urengoi.

The papers indicate that out of 3.8 million euro spent on Interior Ministry
overall, officials responsible for purchasing of cars received the biggest
bribes of more than 1.8 million euro. 2.87 million euro was given to Federal
Protection Service and 25,000 to Defense Ministry.

Daimler inflated the price of the contracts and returned the excess money to the
officials or to accounts of the third parties controlled by those officials,
writes Kommersant.

The money went through U.S. companies registered in California and Delaware. The
company set up more than 200 accounts in several countries, including the USA
and Latvia for transferring the money. It was labeled as "commissions" or
"special discounts" in the company's books, reports the newspaper.

Daimler refused to comment until the court hearings on April, 1st.

US Department of Justice filed a lawsuit against the automaker and accused
Daimler of "hundreds of unlawful payments worth tens of millions of dollars to
foreign officials in at least 22 countries" to ensure contracts between 1998 and
2008. They accounted for at least $50 million worth of additional profits for
the manufacturer.

The countries where Daimler bribed the officials include China, Greece, Turkey,
Egypt, Iraq and others. In some of these countries it offered luxury cars or
vacancies to the officials.

Unnamed sources say that German and Russian divisions of Daimler plan to plead
guilty, according to RIA Novosti.

In the USA it is illegal for companies trading on its stock exchange to give
bribes to foreign officials

Russian Interior Ministry announced that it was ready to look into the
allegations of bribes if the command comes from the prosecutor's office,
according to RIA Novosti.

Daimler is the second largest luxury car maker behind BMW. It sold 1.6 million
vehicles worldwide last year and has about 256,000 employees.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2010 RIA Novosti
                              All Rights Reserved


                             607 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Herald-Sun (Durham, NC)

                             March 9, 1995 Thursday
                                 State Edition

Witness: Honda officials ribbed about bribes

BYLINE: HILLARY CHURA Associated Press

SECTION: PIEDMONT; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 320 words


CONCORD, N.H. -- Executives at American Honda Motor Co. openly ribbed their
supervisors about receiving kickbacks, said the official whose bribe was the
first uncovered in a nationwide kickback investigation.

David Pedersen of Roswell, Ga., told a federal jury Wednesday he learned early
in his 12-year Honda career that dealer kickbacks were considered a perk.

Pedersen, who ultimately received more than $17,000 for his son's college
education as well as a car, said he was told early that it was OK to accept
pricey gift certificates from a dealer who tried to slip an envelope of cash
into Pedersen's pocket.

``[Dealers] would talk about how they had to pay bribes,'' he said. ``How it was
the Honda way of doing business.''

Prosecutors call Honda the principal victim in the case because it faces
millions of dollars in civil suits from dealers who did not get preferential
treatment. Honda says it knew nothing about the payoffs.

Pedersen testified that John Billmyer, of Raleigh, N.C., the former top American
sales official on trial on charges of giving preferential treatment to select
dealers, and Stanley James Cardiges, Billmyer's successor, were known to be on
the take. Dennis Josleyn of Penn Valley, Calif., also is on trial on charges of
receiving kickbacks and skimming money from training and advertising schemes.

Sales executives and dealers knew gifts were necessary to get scarce but popular
cars and lucrative dealerships, Pedersen told the U.S. District Court jury.

``In order to get a [dealership], you'd have to take care of people ... that
monies would be paid to Jack or Jim,'' Pedersen said.

At national sales meetings, subordinates would tease Cardiges about his
appearance.

``They'd usually kid about the nice suits Jim was wearing, nice shoes, and
[they'd ask] `what dealer bought you that suit?' '' Pedersen testified.

The nationwide scheme resulted in charges against 24 people; 20 have pleaded
guilty.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1995 The Durham Herald Co.


                             608 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Doctor Admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey
Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 645  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Middlesex County doctor with practices in Jersey City, New Jersey, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DelPiano, 53, of Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including DelPiano, 35 people--24 of them doctors--have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DelPiano admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $2,300 per month. DelPiano's
referrals generated at least $1,752,603.24 in lab business for BLS.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC--one of several entities used by BLS
to make illegal payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the
bribery conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of
Boonton, New Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four
other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement.
Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his
role in the scheme

The bribery count to which DelPiano pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
May 12, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, DelPiano must forfeit $204,475,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Eric Welling; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             609 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     January 8, 1993, Friday, Final Edition

Official Tells Of Discussion About Bribe

Veronica T. Jennings, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B2

LENGTH: 373 words


Montgomery County Council member Gail Ewing testified yesterday in the slander
trial of former council member Rose Crenca that a civic activist told her in
1987 that she was considering offering a bribe to Crenca in exchange for
Crenca's vote on a redevelopment project in Silver Spring.

Ewing (D-At Large) was called as a witness by Crenca's defense attorney on the
fourth day of the defamation trial in Montgomery County Circuit Court. Civic
activist Joan Ennis has filed a civil suit against Crenca, who was president of
the County Council in 1987, for slander and libel stemming from statements
Crenca made to the news media alleging that Ennis had tried to bribe her in
September of that year.

Ennis has denied she offered a bribe to Crenca during a Sept. 22, 1987, lunch
meeting in the County Council cafeteria in Rockville.

"The purpose of that meeting was not to offer a bribe," Ennis testified Tuesday
at the jury trial. Ennis, who in 1987 was president of the Allied Civic Group, a
coalition of Silver Spring civic organizations, said she asked for the meeting
with Crenca to discuss the opposition of community groups to the proposed Silver
Triangle development project.

During the meeting, Ennis said, she told Crenca that one community group had
raised $ 10,000 for a traffic study of the project.

Ennis testified Tuesday she never told Crenca that some group funds could be
used to pay off Crenca's campaign debts if Crenca voted against the Silver
Triangle project, as Crenca has alleged. Ennis also denied Crenca's assertion
that she threatened the council member with political reprisal if she failed to
side with the civic groups.

Ewing said yesterday that Ennis asked her for advice on offering a bribe to
Crenca at a meeting in the summer of 1987 at Ennis's home in Silver Spring.
Ewing also said that Ennis said she wanted to offer the money to Crenca to
counter what Ennis believed was undue developer influence on council members.

Ewing testified she told Ennis it was illegal to offer a bribe to elected
officials. She said Ennis persisted, wondering whether to offer Crenca money to
pay off campaign debts. Ewing said she told Ennis that such a move also would be
considered an illegal bribe.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                             610 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Manager of Clothing Factory Indicted for Offering Bribe to Federal Labor
Investigator in Exchange for Closing Wage Investigation

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Central District of California has
issued the following press release:

A federal grand jury today indicted the general manager of a La Puente garment
factory on charges of offering to pay bribes to an investigator with the United
States Department of Labor in exchange for the investigator closing an
investigation into wage violations.

Howard Quoc Trinh, 41, of Arcadia, the manager of Seven-Bros Enterprises, is
accused in the indictment of bribery of a public official.

The indictment charges Trinh with offering to pay $10,000 in bribes to a
Department of Labor Wage and Hour investigator.

The indictment also alleges that Trinh offered the bribe last month to secure
the release of a hold known as a "Hot Goods" objection that had been placed on a
shipment by the investigator.

As part of the bribery scheme, Trinh actually paid the investigator $3,000,
according to a criminal complaint previously filed in this case.

According to the affidavit in support of that complaint, the investigator was
investigating Seven-Bros for violating the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA),
which sets standards for minimum wage and overtime pay. The Labor Department
Wage and Hour investigator led a team that conducted an unannounced visit to
Seven-Bros on March 10. The investigation into wage violations covered a period
from May 2012 through March 10, 2015, and found that Seven-Bros owed
approximately $100,000 to compensate employees for FLSA violations over that
period. According to the affidavit, the investigator returned to Seven-Bros on
March 18, at which time Trinh said he did not owe his employees any back wages
and that he wanted to "take care" of the investigator.

In response to Trinh's statements, the Labor Department's Office of Investigator
General (OIG) initiated an investigation and outfitted the investigator with
recording equipment. On the evening of March 18, during a recorded meeting,
Trinh allegedly offered the investigator $10,000 to close out the investigation
without finding any violations and to life the Hot Goods objection.

The next day, during another recorded meeting, Trinh gave the investigator an
initial payment of $3,000 in a manila envelope, according to the affidavit.

The criminal complaint was filed on March 20, and Trinh was arrested by OIG
special agents. At his initial court appearance, Trinh was ordered released on a
$200,000 bond and was ordered to appear for an arraignment on April 17.

An indictment contains allegations that a defendant has committed a crime. Every
defendant is presumed to be innocent until proven guilty in court.

If he is convicted of the bribery count in the indictment, Trinh would face a
statutory maximum sentence of 15 years in federal prison.

The investigation in this case was conducted by the United States Department of
Labor, Office of Investigator General, Office of Labor Racketeering and Fraud
Investigations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             611 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                US Official News

                            October 30, 2015 Friday

United States Courts Opinions: United States District Court Eastern District of
California: UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, Plaintiff, v. SIAVASH POURSARTIP, and SARA
SHIRAZI, Defendants.

LENGTH: 968  words

DATELINE: Lahore



    Washington: United States District Court Eastern District of California has
issued the following order:



 1 GOVERNMENT&rsquo;S MOTION TO DISMISS 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16
17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 BENJAMIN B. WAGNER United States Attorney
PHILIP FERRARI ANDRE ESPINOSA Assistant United States Attorneys 501 I Street,
Suite 10-100 Sacramento, CA 95814 Telephone: (916) 554-2700 Facsimile: (916)
554-2900 Attorneys for Plaintiff United States of America IN THE UNITED STATES
DISTRICT COURT EASTERN DISTRICT OF CALIFORNIA UNITED STATES OF AMERICA,
Plaintiff, v. SIAVASH POURSARTIP, and SARA SHIRAZI, Defendants. CASE NO.

   CR S 10-305 MCE UNOPPOSED MOTION TO DISMISS and ORDER DATE: November 5, 2015
TIME: 9:00 a.m. COURT: Hon. Morrison C. England, Jr. The indictment in this case
was returned on July 29, 2010, and it charged Clint Gregory, Siavash Poursartip
and Sara Shirazi with engaging in a scheme to defraud Caltrans, and with
providing and accepting bribes. Specifically, the indictment alleges that
Poursartip and Shirazi conspired to provide bribes to Gregory, who was employed
as a Senior Electrical Engineer at Caltrans. It alleges that Gregory accepted
those bribes, and that all three defendants worked together to manipulate the
State&rsquo;s contract bidding process to wrongfully benefit Poursartip and
Shirazi&rsquo;s business, Infotek Associates. Counts One through Seven charge
all three defendants with mail fraud, in violation of 18 U.S.C. &sect; 1341.
Defendants Poursartip and Shirazi are also charged in Count Eight with
conspiring to commit bribery in violation of 18 U.S.C. &sect;&sect; 371 and
666(a)(2), and in Count Nine with committing bribery, in violation of 18 U.S.C.
&sect; 666(a)(2). /// Case 2:10-cr-00305-MCE Document 187 Filed 10/28/15 Page 1
of 3 2 GOVERNMENT&rsquo;S MOTION TO DISMISS 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 Almost a year before the case was
indicted, defendant Gregory became aware of the investigation and informed the
government that he wished to cooperate. He submitted to multiple interviews with
law enforcement. During these interviews, he discussed three payments evidenced
in bank records from Poursartip and/or Shirazi to accounts held in the names of
fictitious entities Gregory created. He stated that these payments were bribes.
He said the payments were the subject of negotiation between himself and
Poursartip, and that their purpose was to keep him happy and ensure continued
business for Infotek with Caltrans. These payments are listed as bribes in Count
Eight. Following the return of the indictment and Gregory&rsquo;s entry of a
guilty plea, he was interviewed on additional occasions, and he consistently
stated that the three payments were bribes. On Wednesday, October 21, during
preparation for the jury trial scheduled to commence on November 9, 2015, the
government again met with Gregory. During this meeting, he was questioned
aggressively concerning the three alleged bribe payments. He conceded that in
fact there was no reason for his co-defendants to know that the payments they
made were going to Gregory, as opposed to the fictitious companies to which the
checks were written. He further conceded that his earlier statements regarding
purported discussions with his co-defendants about the bribe payments were not
accurate. In sum, he conceded that these payments were not bribes. In light of
the foregoing, the government will not use Gregory as a witness at trial. His
statements render Counts Eight and Nine of the indictment unsustainable. They
also have an impact on the charged mail fraud counts. The bribery allegations
are specifically set forth in the description of the manner and means of the
scheme, and they provided relevant evidence concerning the issue of intent. In
addition, before the case was indicted it was anticipated that Gregory&rsquo;s
testimony would be part of the government&rsquo;s presentation of its case. The
absence of that testimony necessarily alters the government&rsquo;s case for
trial. Since the developments described above, the government has re-evaluated
both the strength and nature of this case as a whole. The absence of the bribery
allegations mean that what was once a public corruption case is now limited to
an alleged scheme concerning state contracting procedures and resulting in
uncertain losses to the State. /// Case 2:10-cr-00305-MCE Document 187 Filed
10/28/15 Page 2 of 3 3 GOVERNMENT&rsquo;S MOTION TO DISMISS 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 This current view of the
case fails to implicate a federal interest sufficient to justify the expenditure
of resources necessary to try this case and engage in associated litigation. In
light of the foregoing, and pursuant to Federal Rule of Criminal Procedure
48(a), the government exercises its discretion to request that the Court dismiss
Counts One through Seven, insofar as they are alleged against defendants
Poursartip and Shirazi, and Counts Eight and Nine in their entirety. Counsel for
defendants Poursartip and Shirazi do not oppose this motion. Dated: October 27,
2015 By: BENJAMIN B. WAGNER United States Attorney /s/ PHILIP FERRARI PHILIP
FERRARI Assistant United States Attorney O R D E R For the reasons stated above,
it is hereby ORDERED that pursuant to Fed.R.Crim.P. 48(a), Counts One through
Nine are hereby dismissed as against defendants Poursartip and Shirazi. The
hearing currently set for November 5, 2015, and the jury trial currently set for
November 9, 2015, are vacated. IT IS SO ORDERED. DATED: October 28, 2015 Case
2:10-cr-00305-MCE Document 187 Filed 10/28/15 Page 3 of 3



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright2015Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             612 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Wahington: New York Doctor Charged With Taking Bribes In Test-Referral Scheme
With New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 700  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 An internal medicine doctor practicing in Staten Island, New York, was charged
today with accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.



 Ahmed El Soury, 44, of Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, was indicted by a federal
grand jury in Newark. The indictment charges El Soury with one count of
conspiring to commit violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal Travel
Act and wire fraud; three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute;
three substantive violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three substantive
violations of wire fraud. El Soury will be arraigned at a later date.

 According to the indictment:

 Between March 2011 and April 2013, El Soury allegedly received cash bribes
totaling approximately $65,000 from BLS employees and associates. In February
2012, El Soury solicited and received an increase in his monthly bribe payments
for having persuaded another health care provider to refer patient blood samples
to BLS.

 El Soury's referrals generated approximately $650,000 in lab business for BLS.

 The Anti-Kickback and Federal Travel Act counts are each punishable by a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison. The wire fraud charges are
each punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison. Each count
also carries a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the
offense.

 El Soury is the third physician to be indicted in connection with the BLS
bribery scheme. Brett Ostrager - who was indicted Aug. 11, 2015 and pleaded
guilty on Dec. 22, 2015 - was sentenced on June 8, 2016 to 37 months in prison.
Bernard Greenspan was indicted on March 14, 2016 and is scheduled for trial on
Jan. 31, 2017 before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls.

 The investigation has thus far resulted in 41 guilty pleas - 27 of them from
doctors - in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case.

 The investigation has to date recovered more than $12 million through
forfeiture. On June 28, 2016, BLS, which is no longer operational, pleaded
guilty and was required to forfeit all of its assets.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark; inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Acting Inspector in Charge
James V. Buthorn; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert with the ongoing investigation.

 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish and
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $1.32 billion in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

 Defense counsel: Albert Dayan Esq., Kew Gardens, New York




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             613 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Wahington: New York Doctor Charged With Taking Bribes In Test-Referral Scheme
With New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 700  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 An internal medicine doctor practicing in Staten Island, New York, was charged
today with accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.



 Ahmed El Soury, 44, of Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, was indicted by a federal
grand jury in Newark. The indictment charges El Soury with one count of
conspiring to commit violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal Travel
Act and wire fraud; three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute;
three substantive violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three substantive
violations of wire fraud. El Soury will be arraigned at a later date.

 According to the indictment:

 Between March 2011 and April 2013, El Soury allegedly received cash bribes
totaling approximately $65,000 from BLS employees and associates. In February
2012, El Soury solicited and received an increase in his monthly bribe payments
for having persuaded another health care provider to refer patient blood samples
to BLS.

 El Soury's referrals generated approximately $650,000 in lab business for BLS.

 The Anti-Kickback and Federal Travel Act counts are each punishable by a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison. The wire fraud charges are
each punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison. Each count
also carries a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the
offense.

 El Soury is the third physician to be indicted in connection with the BLS
bribery scheme. Brett Ostrager - who was indicted Aug. 11, 2015 and pleaded
guilty on Dec. 22, 2015 - was sentenced on June 8, 2016 to 37 months in prison.
Bernard Greenspan was indicted on March 14, 2016 and is scheduled for trial on
Jan. 31, 2017 before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls.

 The investigation has thus far resulted in 41 guilty pleas - 27 of them from
doctors - in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case.

 The investigation has to date recovered more than $12 million through
forfeiture. On June 28, 2016, BLS, which is no longer operational, pleaded
guilty and was required to forfeit all of its assets.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark; inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Acting Inspector in Charge
James V. Buthorn; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert with the ongoing investigation.

 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish and
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $1.32 billion in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

 Defense counsel: Albert Dayan Esq., Kew Gardens, New York




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             614 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Bar manager denies offering bribe to employee shot in back

BYLINE: Chris Thompson, The Windsor Star

SECTION: CITY &; REGION; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 557 words


The general manager of the Boom Boom Room at the time of an October 2014
shooting denied Wednesday that he offered a bribe to the victim to say the
shooting happened outside the club.

Renaldo Agostino, whose twin brother Remo owned the club when usher Devonte
Pierce was shot, repeatedly denied in court an accusation by Pierce that the
brothers had visited his hospital room and attempted to bribe him.

Defence lawyer Julie Santarossa suggested that Renaldo and his brother had
offered $350 for Pierce to change his story and Agostino became agitated.

"That is not true," Agostino said. "I have never paid Devonte or proposed to pay
him to say something for monetary gain."

Two Brampton men are currently standing trial for the Oct. 5, 2014, shooting.
Kevin Mantley Nyadu, 22, is charged with attempted murder and five firearm
offences. Shadrack Kwame Amankwa, 26, is charged with being an accessory to
attempted murder, as well as five firearm offences.

At the time of the incident, Nyadu was bound by a court order prohibiting him
from possessing any firearms or ammunition. He is additionally charged with two
breaches of a court order.

Pierce, 20 at the time, was shot in the back, the 9mm bullet narrowly missing
his spine. He suffered damage to a kidney.

Agostino repeatedly denied any attempt to create the impression the shooting
occurred outside the club to decrease potential liability.

"I said from Day 1 that I was aware that the shooting was inside the club,"
Agostino said.

Agostino also said that Pierce had visited the club since the shooting and he
has played basketball with him many times since the incident.

Agostino testified that earlier in the evening there had been an altercation
toward the back of the bar involving "two gentlemen and their friends" and
another group.

He said one of the men was wearing a Philadelphia Phillies cap and the other was
wearing a Los Angeles Dodgers cap.

"They said they were from Jane and Finch in Toronto," Agostino testified.

When he told them they should be wearing Toronto sports team gear, one of the
men pulled out a palm-sized necklace pendant of the Toronto skyline, Agostino
said.

Agostino testified that later, after the shooting had occurred and he was
assisting police in finding a shell casing, he heard chatter from people and on
police radios of descriptions of suspects that matched those of the people he
had encountered earlier.

When asked if there were security cameras in the bar that night, Agostino
testified that there were, but they were not working and had not for some time.

Santarossa also pointed out discrepancies in Agostino's testimony regarding the
height of the alleged assailants, telling police in the hours after the incident
that the men he had encountered were about fivefoot-five, but testifying
Wednesday that they were five-foot-11. Defence lawyer Patricia Brown suggested
that Agostino had tampered with the video surveillance after the incident to
hide the fact the shooting occurred inside the bar.

"To the AGCO (Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario) it doesn't matter where
it happened," Agostino said. "It's not like there's a rule that says if it
happens outside you're free and clear."

The trial continues before Superior Court Justice J. Paul Howard on Thursday.

chthompson@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Renaldo Agostino;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             615 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday
                                 Early Edition

Bar manager denies offering bribe to employee shot in back

BYLINE: Chris Thompson, The Windsor Star

SECTION: CITY &; REGION; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 557 words


The general manager of the Boom Boom Room at the time of an October 2014
shooting denied Wednesday that he offered a bribe to the victim to say the
shooting happened outside the club.

Renaldo Agostino, whose twin brother Remo owned the club when usher Devonte
Pierce was shot, repeatedly denied in court an accusation by Pierce that the
brothers had visited his hospital room and attempted to bribe him.

Defence lawyer Julie Santarossa suggested that Renaldo and his brother had
offered $350 for Pierce to change his story and Agostino became agitated.

"That is not true," Agostino said. "I have never paid Devonte or proposed to pay
him to say something for monetary gain."

Two Brampton men are currently standing trial for the Oct. 5, 2014, shooting.
Kevin Mantley Nyadu, 22, is charged with attempted murder and five firearm
offences. Shadrack Kwame Amankwa, 26, is charged with being an accessory to
attempted murder, as well as five firearm offences.

At the time of the incident, Nyadu was bound by a court order prohibiting him
from possessing any firearms or ammunition. He is additionally charged with two
breaches of a court order.

Pierce, 20 at the time, was shot in the back, the 9mm bullet narrowly missing
his spine. He suffered damage to a kidney.

Agostino repeatedly denied any attempt to create the impression the shooting
occurred outside the club to decrease potential liability.

"I said from Day 1 that I was aware that the shooting was inside the club,"
Agostino said.

Agostino also said that Pierce had visited the club since the shooting and he
has played basketball with him many times since the incident.

Agostino testified that earlier in the evening there had been an altercation
toward the back of the bar involving "two gentlemen and their friends" and
another group.

He said one of the men was wearing a Philadelphia Phillies cap and the other was
wearing a Los Angeles Dodgers cap.

"They said they were from Jane and Finch in Toronto," Agostino testified.

When he told them they should be wearing Toronto sports team gear, one of the
men pulled out a palm-sized necklace pendant of the Toronto skyline, Agostino
said.

Agostino testified that later, after the shooting had occurred and he was
assisting police in finding a shell casing, he heard chatter from people and on
police radios of descriptions of suspects that matched those of the people he
had encountered earlier.

When asked if there were security cameras in the bar that night, Agostino
testified that there were, but they were not working and had not for some time.

Santarossa also pointed out discrepancies in Agostino's testimony regarding the
height of the alleged assailants, telling police in the hours after the incident
that the men he had encountered were about fivefoot-five, but testifying
Wednesday that they were five-foot-11. Defence lawyer Patricia Brown suggested
that Agostino had tampered with the video surveillance after the incident to
hide the fact the shooting occurred inside the bar.

"To the AGCO (Alcohol and Gaming Commission of Ontario) it doesn't matter where
it happened," Agostino said. "It's not like there's a rule that says if it
happens outside you're free and clear."

The trial continues before Superior Court Justice J. Paul Howard on Thursday.

chthompson@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Renaldo Agostino;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                             616 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      South China Morning Post (Hong Kong)

                                 June 12, 1998

Tobacco chief guilty in $ 33m bribes case; Long fight against law fails

BYLINE: CLIFF BUDDLE

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 405 words


Corrupt ex-tobacco executive Jerry Lui Kin-hong lost his long fight to escape
justice yesterday when a jury found him guilty of plotting to receive bribes of
$ 33 million.

Lui, 42, who was export director for British American Tobacco (HK) Ltd, evaded
the Independent Commission Against Corruption for 20 months before being
arrested in Boston in December 1995.

During that time he even posed for a picture with an unwitting Chris Patten, who
was attending an official lunch in the Philippines.

After being captured, Lui fought a bitter 18-month extradition battle, claiming
he would not receive a fair trial in Hong Kong. He was finally returned in May
last year.

Lui was found guilty of conspiring to accept $ 23 million in bribes and a loan
of $ 10 million in return for ensuring distributors Giant Island received huge
quantities of duty-free cigarettes earmarked for the mainland. He told the jury
he had received $ 23 million but claimed this was in return for "market
intelligence" provided to cigarette smugglers wanting to break into the
Taiwanese market.

Mr Justice Wally Yeung Chun-kuen said he would sentence Lui at the Court of
First Instance on Monday after hearing argument on how much money he should
repay.

The judge will also consider the extent to which he should reduce Lui's sentence
to take into account the time he spent in US custody.

During the trial, the court heard of the billions of dollars which can be made
by smuggling popular brands of cigarettes.

Lui said leading tobacco companies sold duty-free cigarettes to distributors.
Some of the distributors then smuggled the sought-after brands to lucrative
markets in Taiwan and the mainland.

But prosecutor John Reading said the case against Lui was not about smuggling.
Giant Island had bribed Lui in order to ensure a regular supply of duty-free
cigarettes from his employers.

Between 1988 and 1993, millions of dollars were paid into an account held by Lui
in Luxembourg. Five of the seven payments were made while he was working for
British American Tobacco subsidiary Brown and Williamson Tobacco Corporation.
The final two came when he was with British American Tobacco (HK), in a position
enabling him to influence the quotas of cigarettes given to distributors.

Lui received an unsecured loan of $ 10 million after quitting his job in April
1993 and joining the Giant Island Group, the court heard.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Millions in bribes were paid into Jerry Lui's Luxembourg account.

PUB-TYPE: Newspaper

                  Copyright 1998 South China Morning Post Ltd.


                             617 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             May 19, 2011 Thursday

Bribes or just business, Nelson jurors must decide;
Jury deliberations begin today in trial of former JaxPort chairman

BYLINE: Bridget Murphy

SECTION: Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 563 words


Were they bribes or just business?

Starting today, jurors in former JaxPort Chairman Tony Nelson's federal
corruption trial will get a chance to decide if he broke the law when he took
payments from a port vendor.

After about two weeks of testimony, lawyers for the prosecution and defense each
spent more than an hour on closing arguments Wednesday in a courtroom lined with
extra chairs for all the spectators.

Nelson faces a conspiracy charge and another charge of lying to the FBI, along
with multiple counts of bribery, mail fraud and money laundering.

The government claims he took about $150,000 in bribes from dredging company
owner Lance Young for help with port business from 2006 to 2008. Young pleaded
guilty to conspiracy and testified against Nelson for a deal that has him facing
up to five years in prison.

U.S. District Judge Timothy Corrigan threw out charges against Frank Bernardino,
Nelson's former co-defendant. Corrigan said the government didn't prove the
South Florida lobbyist acted with criminal intent when he funneled money to
Nelson.

Much of what the lawyers said Wednesday went back to the word bribe.

"The word bribe does not exist in any evidence during four years of
investigation," defense lawyer Curtis Fallgatter said.

"You don't have to use the word bribe for it to be a bribe," Assistant U.S.
Attorney Mark Devereaux countered.

Devereaux questioned why Young, as owner of Subaqueous Services Inc., didn't pay
Nelson directly if 11 monthly payments of $8,500 were for legitimate consulting
work.

The prosecutor said Nelson lied to a port ethics officer when he told her in a
taped interview he'd never gotten "a dollar, a penny or a nickel" from Young or
his company. He replayed the tape for jurors.

Devereaux said Nelson also misrepresented his involvement with Subaqueous to get
a legal opinion from City Hall to stop that ethics probe.

He also replayed a conversation between Nelson and Young the FBI caught on a
wiretap. He said Nelson wasn't talking about using a $50,000 payment to start a
business, but about needing money for a personal expense. The prosecutor also
said Nelson admitted guilt to authorities.

"Can you believe in those statements? Yes. They're indisputable. Why? Because he
had his attorneys right there."

Fallgatter fired back next.

He said it wasn't a crime for Nelson to earn consulting fees from Young, as
another board member did before him. He said his client didn't conceal payments,
accepting checks he put in the bank.

The lawyer portrayed Young as a liar trying to rewrite history to help federal
agents prosecute the only African-American who's chaired the port board. He said
Young implicated Nelson after the government gave him immunity from prosecution
in a South Florida bribery case.

Fallgatter said testimony showed the final $50,000 check Young gave Nelson was
an advance on a joint venture. The lawyer also used an excerpt from an FBI
agent's handwritten notes he said showed Nelson didn't have criminal intent.

"Nelson said he now knows the intent was wrong," Fallgatter quoted, projecting
the note on a screen.

"Let your verdict demonstrate the FBI and prosecutors are not the most powerful
forces in this courtroom," Fallgatter told jurors.

Devereaux had the last word, appealing to jurors not to let Nelson "escape his
criminal responsibility."

Deliberations are set to begin at 9 a.m.

Bridget Murphy: (904) 359-4161

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Nelson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                             618 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 17, 1979, Wednesday, Final Edition

Ex-Aide to Flood Testifies on Gifts From Dr. Head;
Former Aide to Rep. Flood Testifies About Getting Money From Dr. Head

BYLINE:  By Fred Barbash, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION:  First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1028 words


For three years, Rep. Daniel J. Flood (D-Pa.) regularly accepted thousands of
dollars in cash stuffed into white envelopes in exchange for helping the
Virginia-based Airlie Foundation obtain federal grants, Flood's former
administrative assistant testified yesterday.

Stephen B. Elko described an elaborate triangular relationship in which Dr.
Murdock Head, the foundation president, would summon Elko when in need of
Flood's intervention and then carefully hand over the envelope using facial
tissue to avoid leaving fingerprints.

Elko, code-named "Malik" under the scheme, said he would then deliver the money
to Flood, code-named "The Moustache" or "Mandrake," in Flood's Capitol Hill
office.  In addition to these payoffs, Elko said that every September for three
years, Head would give Flood $1,000 in "taxi-fare" to get him to an annual
Airlie banquet.

"'Keep in mind, Steve, that this is a business,'" Eldo recalled Flood saying
when he joined the congressman's staff.  "'If you handle this the way I know you
can, the rewards will be there for both of us.'"

Elko's testimony came during the first day of Flood's trial on bribery,
conspiracy and perjury charges in U.S. District Court here.

The 75-year-old House Appropriations subcommittee chairman is alleged to have
taken more than $65,000 from people seeking government favors, including $28,000
from Head.

In Flood's defense, his lawyers argued yesterday that the congressman had taken
no bribes from anyone but was the victim of a preplanned frameup by Elko.  Elko,
said defense lawyer Axel Kleiboemer, operated on his own to take bribes and
influence the government agencies.

When Flood himself did intervene, it was on Elko's advice and without the
knowledge that bribes had been paid, Kleiboemer said in his opening statement.

Elko, who testified under a grant of immunity, is serving a three-year prison
term for his role as an intermediary in another alleged bribe scheme involving
Flood.

Government prosecutor David Hinden said he would prove -- with Elko as the chief
witness -- that Flood used his influence in exchange for bribes from a wide
variety of businessmen, including a West Coast vocational school operator, a
housing developer, bankers in his home state of Pennsylvania, a New York rabbi,
and a manufacturer of prefabricated housing who sought to sell some to the
government.

Elko, in each instance, was allegedly the intermediary.  "If you want to inspire
the congressman's interest," Elko said he told one favor seeker, "you have to
come up" with money.

Dr. Head, a prominent Washington physician, now the target of a grand jury
investigation in Virginia, has consistently denied any wrongdoing.

The Airlie Foundation, which he heads, occupies 2,000 acres of pristine farmland
outside Warrenton, Va. Equipped with a helipad, landing strip, recreational
facilities and a conference center, the foundation seeks federal grants to stage
conferences and seminars.

It was his concern for the continuation of those grants that first prompted Head
to strike up a friendship with Elko, Elko testified.

Flood is chairman of a subcommittee that exercises substantial influence over
the spending of various government agencies, including the departments of Labor
and Health, Education and Welfare.

After inviting Elko to Airlie "to do a little fishing and look at the birds,"
Head first broached the subject of getting Flood's help in 1971, Elko tesfied.
Head

old me he just wanted to be acknowledged by me or Mr. Flood if anyone calls from
an agency" and asks about the Airlie Foundation, Elko said.

Elko said Head "picked up an envelope from his desk with facial tissue and said:
'Make sure you give this to Congressman Flood.'" The envelope contained $5,000
in hundred-dollar bills, Elko testified.

"I put it is my pocket and headed back to Washington," Elko said, where he than
waited for Flood to come off the House floor to give him the money in his
private office.

"'What's it for?'" Elko recalled Flood asking him.

"He [Head] just wants us to acknowledge him if someone calls," Elko told Flood.

"The congressman put the money in his pocket," he added.

As the relationship continued, Elko testified, the requests from Head got more
specific.  He wanted help getting money from the Office of Education, the
witness said, and he wanted help getting more money on better terms from the
Agency for International Development.  He wanted Flood to intercede with Rep.
Otto Passman of Louisiana to bring pressure on AID and gave Elko money which, he
testified, he funneled to Passman to accomplish his goal.

Elko, Flood and Head established a regular routine, Elko said, which was
repeated with each request from Head.  Head would telephone Elko.  Elko would
drive to Airlie for a private meeting with Head.  Head would state his problem
and then hand over the money, always using facial tissue to avoid fingerprints.
"I kidded him about this facial tissue business.  He said he didn't want any
fingerprints," Elko testified.

By the fall of 1974, the investigative climate fed by the Watergate scandal
began to make Head nervous, Elko said, and the relationship ceased with one
bizarre scene in Head's office.

"He had a large flip chart with sheets of paper on it," Elko said of Head.  "He
wrote on the paper that he was afraid of electronic surveillance.

"Then he wrote: 'We have to be careful.  The long knives are out.  I'm going
fishing for about a year.  The cannonballs are flying and you'd better duck.'"

Elko then did some writing on the flip chart himself.  "'What about the money?'"
Elko wrote.

"'How much?'" wrote Head.

"'Fifteen thousand dollars,'" Elko wrote.

"'Too much,'" responded Head.  "'Five thousand.'"

The two ultimately settled on $8,000, which Elko split between himself and
Flood, Elko testified.

In addition to these payoffs, Elko said that each September, Airlies said that
each September, Airlie Foundation held a Statesmen of Medicine award banquet at
which Head sought Flood's presence.  The $1,000 "taxi fare," as Head described
it, helped obtain it, Elko said.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                             619 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Mayor admits to bribery scheme;
Aguinaga agrees to plead guilty; about $45K taken

BYLINE: Brian Day and Christopher Yee Staff Writers

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 809 words


South El Monte Mayor Luis Aguinaga agreed to plead guilty to a federal bribery
charge this week over a seven-year scheme in which he regularly collected cash
payments from a city contractor, officials said Thursday.

In his plea agreement, the mayor admitted to taking bribes every two to three
weeks from a contractor doing business with the city, U.S. Attorney's Office
spokesman Thom Mrozek said in a written statement.

"The payments were rewards in connection with the approval of city contracts for
the contractor," Mrozek said.

The bribes, which were initially

$500 at a time but later increased to $1,000, were paid between 2005 and
September 2012, prosecutors said. Under the plea agreement, Aguinaga admitted
taking at least $45,000 in bribes.

"This long-running corruption scheme compromised the effective governance of
South El Monte," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said. "Corruption like Mr.
Aguinaga's is a threat to government institutions and undermines the public's
trust in all government officials. The residents of South El Monte deserve
better."

The contractor, identified in court documents as a "confidential witness" or
"CW," left the bribe money for Aguinaga by placing cash in envelopes dropped in
a bathroom at South El Monte City Hall, or left inside the passenger-side pocket
of a car, Mrozek said.

As undercover FBI agents observed one such meeting at City Hall, Aguinaga, who
was fearful following the arrests of other local officials for taking bribes,
used his cellphone to send a secret message to the confidential informant as
they spoke, according to the plea agreement.

"Defendant was nervous about meeting with CW because Cudahy city officials (in
southeast Los Angeles County), including the mayor, had recently been arrested
and charged with accepting bribes," according to the plea agreement. "While
defendant was speaking with CW, defendant showed CW his cellphone on which he
had written 'don't talk' or 'don't saying anything,' and defendant asked CW
several times to accompany him to the bathroom. Once they went to the bathroom,
CW left an envelope with $2,000 cash on the counter near the sink. Defendant
took the envelope containing the money and kept at least $1,000 for himself."

The other $1,000 in the envelope Aguinaga picked up went to another "city public
official." But that official was not identified in court documents.

"Mr. Aguinaga abdicated his civic duty when he made decisions for the city based
on bribes he demanded, instead of for the good of the people he was elected to
serve. The FBI will not tolerate corruption by city officials, nor should the
residents of South El Monte," according to Deirdre Fike, assistant director in
charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office.

He remains free and is scheduled to appear in federal court in Los Angeles Aug.
10 for an arraignment hearing, officials said.

A conviction for bribery carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in federal
prison.

Aguinaga was first elected to the South El Monte City Council in 2003 and has
served as mayor since 2009. He did not respond to requests for comment.

City Councilman Joe Gonzalez said Thursday evening that he learned about
Aguinaga's plea agreement after reading about it on this newspaper's website. He
still had not heard anything from the city about the mayor as of 7 p.m.
Thursday.

Gonzalez called for the city to replace its management team, including City
Manager Tony Ybarra, Assistant City Manager Jennifer Vasquez and Finance
Director Joe Nocella.

Management is responsible for overseeing deals with contractors to make sure
they are awarded and executed fairly, Gonzales said. That doesn't appear to be
happening, the city councilman added.

Gonzales said the city must review each of its contracts to verify that the
contractors are trustworthy and are doing what they have been paid to do.

"This is just the start of a new process of cleaning house," Gonzalez said. "We
have to cut ties with contractors who have a history of these problems and start
from a clean slate."

The city was recently rebuked by an auditor for its lax oversight of the work
done by two contract consultants. The report noted the city's practices left it
open to fraud.

The audit report, made public earlier this month at Gonzalez's request, detailed
how one consultant, Arroyo Strategy Group, kept no records of the work it did
for the city. Another, ECM Group Inc., admitted to fraudulently submitting
fictitious labor claims.

The city paid Arroyo $110,000 across three contracts,. ECM received one contract
worth $29,376.

None of those contracts went before the City Council for approval, but Ybarra
signed off on all four.

"Although the city wants to say it did a special audit and that management made
changes as a result, these problems are still going on," Gonzalez said. "We need
to look at a new management team first and foremost."

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             620 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Mayor admits to bribery scheme;
Aguinaga agrees to plead guilty; about $45K taken

BYLINE: Brian Day and Christopher Yee Staff Writers

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 809 words


South El Monte Mayor Luis Aguinaga agreed to plead guilty to a federal bribery
charge this week over a seven-year scheme in which he regularly collected cash
payments from a city contractor, officials said Thursday.

In his plea agreement, the mayor admitted to taking bribes every two to three
weeks from a contractor doing business with the city, U.S. Attorney's Office
spokesman Thom Mrozek said in a written statement.

"The payments were rewards in connection with the approval of city contracts for
the contractor," Mrozek said.

The bribes, which were initially

$500 at a time but later increased to $1,000, were paid between 2005 and
September 2012, prosecutors said. Under the plea agreement, Aguinaga admitted
taking at least $45,000 in bribes.

"This long-running corruption scheme compromised the effective governance of
South El Monte," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said. "Corruption like Mr.
Aguinaga's is a threat to government institutions and undermines the public's
trust in all government officials. The residents of South El Monte deserve
better."

The contractor, identified in court documents as a "confidential witness" or
"CW," left the bribe money for Aguinaga by placing cash in envelopes dropped in
a bathroom at South El Monte City Hall, or left inside the passenger-side pocket
of a car, Mrozek said.

As undercover FBI agents observed one such meeting at City Hall, Aguinaga, who
was fearful following the arrests of other local officials for taking bribes,
used his cellphone to send a secret message to the confidential informant as
they spoke, according to the plea agreement.

"Defendant was nervous about meeting with CW because Cudahy city officials (in
southeast Los Angeles County), including the mayor, had recently been arrested
and charged with accepting bribes," according to the plea agreement. "While
defendant was speaking with CW, defendant showed CW his cellphone on which he
had written 'don't talk' or 'don't saying anything,' and defendant asked CW
several times to accompany him to the bathroom. Once they went to the bathroom,
CW left an envelope with $2,000 cash on the counter near the sink. Defendant
took the envelope containing the money and kept at least $1,000 for himself."

The other $1,000 in the envelope Aguinaga picked up went to another "city public
official." But that official was not identified in court documents.

"Mr. Aguinaga abdicated his civic duty when he made decisions for the city based
on bribes he demanded, instead of for the good of the people he was elected to
serve. The FBI will not tolerate corruption by city officials, nor should the
residents of South El Monte," according to Deirdre Fike, assistant director in
charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office.

He remains free and is scheduled to appear in federal court in Los Angeles Aug.
10 for an arraignment hearing, officials said.

A conviction for bribery carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in federal
prison.

Aguinaga was first elected to the South El Monte City Council in 2003 and has
served as mayor since 2009. He did not respond to requests for comment.

City Councilman Joe Gonzalez said Thursday evening that he learned about
Aguinaga's plea agreement after reading about it on this newspaper's website. He
still had not heard anything from the city about the mayor as of 7 p.m.
Thursday.

Gonzalez called for the city to replace its management team, including City
Manager Tony Ybarra, Assistant City Manager Jennifer Vasquez and Finance
Director Joe Nocella.

Management is responsible for overseeing deals with contractors to make sure
they are awarded and executed fairly, Gonzales said. That doesn't appear to be
happening, the city councilman added.

Gonzales said the city must review each of its contracts to verify that the
contractors are trustworthy and are doing what they have been paid to do.

"This is just the start of a new process of cleaning house," Gonzalez said. "We
have to cut ties with contractors who have a history of these problems and start
from a clean slate."

The city was recently rebuked by an auditor for its lax oversight of the work
done by two contract consultants. The report noted the city's practices left it
open to fraud.

The audit report, made public earlier this month at Gonzalez's request, detailed
how one consultant, Arroyo Strategy Group, kept no records of the work it did
for the city. Another, ECM Group Inc., admitted to fraudulently submitting
fictitious labor claims.

The city paid Arroyo $110,000 across three contracts,. ECM received one contract
worth $29,376.

None of those contracts went before the City Council for approval, but Ybarra
signed off on all four.

"Although the city wants to say it did a special audit and that management made
changes as a result, these problems are still going on," Gonzalez said. "We need
to look at a new management team first and foremost."

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             621 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday

Mayor admits to bribery scheme;
Aguinaga agrees to plead guilty; about $45K taken

BYLINE: Brian Day and Christopher Yee Staff Writers

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 809 words


South El Monte Mayor Luis Aguinaga agreed to plead guilty to a federal bribery
charge this week over a seven-year scheme in which he regularly collected cash
payments from a city contractor, officials said Thursday.

In his plea agreement, the mayor admitted to taking bribes every two to three
weeks from a contractor doing business with the city, U.S. Attorney's Office
spokesman Thom Mrozek said in a written statement.

"The payments were rewards in connection with the approval of city contracts for
the contractor," Mrozek said.

The bribes, which were initially

$500 at a time but later increased to $1,000, were paid between 2005 and
September 2012, prosecutors said. Under the plea agreement, Aguinaga admitted
taking at least $45,000 in bribes.

"This long-running corruption scheme compromised the effective governance of
South El Monte," U.S. Attorney Eileen M. Decker said. "Corruption like Mr.
Aguinaga's is a threat to government institutions and undermines the public's
trust in all government officials. The residents of South El Monte deserve
better."

The contractor, identified in court documents as a "confidential witness" or
"CW," left the bribe money for Aguinaga by placing cash in envelopes dropped in
a bathroom at South El Monte City Hall, or left inside the passenger-side pocket
of a car, Mrozek said.

As undercover FBI agents observed one such meeting at City Hall, Aguinaga, who
was fearful following the arrests of other local officials for taking bribes,
used his cellphone to send a secret message to the confidential informant as
they spoke, according to the plea agreement.

"Defendant was nervous about meeting with CW because Cudahy city officials (in
southeast Los Angeles County), including the mayor, had recently been arrested
and charged with accepting bribes," according to the plea agreement. "While
defendant was speaking with CW, defendant showed CW his cellphone on which he
had written 'don't talk' or 'don't saying anything,' and defendant asked CW
several times to accompany him to the bathroom. Once they went to the bathroom,
CW left an envelope with $2,000 cash on the counter near the sink. Defendant
took the envelope containing the money and kept at least $1,000 for himself."

The other $1,000 in the envelope Aguinaga picked up went to another "city public
official." But that official was not identified in court documents.

"Mr. Aguinaga abdicated his civic duty when he made decisions for the city based
on bribes he demanded, instead of for the good of the people he was elected to
serve. The FBI will not tolerate corruption by city officials, nor should the
residents of South El Monte," according to Deirdre Fike, assistant director in
charge of the FBI's Los Angeles Field Office.

He remains free and is scheduled to appear in federal court in Los Angeles Aug.
10 for an arraignment hearing, officials said.

A conviction for bribery carries a maximum sentence of 10 years in federal
prison.

Aguinaga was first elected to the South El Monte City Council in 2003 and has
served as mayor since 2009. He did not respond to requests for comment.

City Councilman Joe Gonzalez said Thursday evening that he learned about
Aguinaga's plea agreement after reading about it on this newspaper's website. He
still had not heard anything from the city about the mayor as of 7 p.m.
Thursday.

Gonzalez called for the city to replace its management team, including City
Manager Tony Ybarra, Assistant City Manager Jennifer Vasquez and Finance
Director Joe Nocella.

Management is responsible for overseeing deals with contractors to make sure
they are awarded and executed fairly, Gonzales said. That doesn't appear to be
happening, the city councilman added.

Gonzales said the city must review each of its contracts to verify that the
contractors are trustworthy and are doing what they have been paid to do.

"This is just the start of a new process of cleaning house," Gonzalez said. "We
have to cut ties with contractors who have a history of these problems and start
from a clean slate."

The city was recently rebuked by an auditor for its lax oversight of the work
done by two contract consultants. The report noted the city's practices left it
open to fraud.

The audit report, made public earlier this month at Gonzalez's request, detailed
how one consultant, Arroyo Strategy Group, kept no records of the work it did
for the city. Another, ECM Group Inc., admitted to fraudulently submitting
fictitious labor claims.

The city paid Arroyo $110,000 across three contracts,. ECM received one contract
worth $29,376.

None of those contracts went before the City Council for approval, but Ybarra
signed off on all four.

"Although the city wants to say it did a special audit and that management made
changes as a result, these problems are still going on," Gonzalez said. "We need
to look at a new management team first and foremost."

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             622 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 26, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

LAWYER DISPUTES ROLE IN INQUIRY ON WEDTECH

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 2; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 329 words


A San Juan, P.R., lawyer said yesterday that he was unaware that legal fees he
received from the Wedtech Corporation, a South Bronx military contractor, might
have been intended as bribes for Representative Robert Garcia of the Bronx.

The lawyer, Ralph Vallone Jr., speaking through his Manhattan attorney,
confirmed that he had been interviewed by law-enforcement officials about the
payments. But he disputed an account provided by investigators that he offered
testimony implicating Mr. Garcia in a bribery scheme in exchange for immunity.

''He has never known that anything he has done was a bribe,'' said Mr. Vallone's
lawyer, Martin R. Gold. ''He has some legal dealings with both the Wedtech
Corporation and the Garcias. As far as he knew, and as far as he continues to
know to this day, he has no reason to believe that any of this involved bribes.
''

Four former Wedtech officials who pleaded guilty to corruption charges and are
cooperating with investigators have told investigators that Representative
Garcia's wife, Jane Lee Garcia, received at least $4,000 a month between 1984
and 1986 through payments to Mr. Vallone, as part of a pattern of bribes to
government officials.

Unaware of Bribery

Mr. Gold would not say whether Mr. Vallone had sought immunity from prosecution.
But he indicated that even if he did testify, Mr. Vallone could not testify
about bribery, since he was unaware of it.

He said investigators have never suggested that Mr. Valone ''should plead guilty
to anything'' or was a target of the investigation. Mr. Vallone did not return
two telephone calls to his office in San Juan Tuesday.

In contrast, law-enforcement officials said Tuesday and again yesterday that
they believed Mr. Vallone could offer vital corroboration to statements by the
four former Wedtech officials.

Robert Morvillo, Mr. Garcia's attorney said yesterday, ''Congressman Garcia
denies that Mr. Vallone was utilized as a conduit to pay any bribes.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             623 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 6, 1986, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

KOCH SHIFTS STAND ON BRIBE DISCLOSERS

BYLINE: By JOYCE PURNICK

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 724 words


In a policy reversal, Mayor Koch said yesterday that from now on people who come
forward to say they bribed a city official in exchange for a municipal contract
would not necessarily lose the contract. The new approach, he said, is intended
to encourage people to speak out.

The Mayor also said he would not hesitate to ask state and Federal prosecutors
to grant immunity from prosecution to such admitted bribers.

''Life is not perfect, and therefore you make compromises and there is balancing
of interests,'' the Mayor said at a news conference with John S. Martin Jr., the
head of a new mayoral commission investigating city contracts.

Contracts Canceled Earlier

Until yesterday, Mr. Koch had maintained that anybody who paid a bribe in
exchange for a city contract should lose that contract and should be subject to
a jail term. ''We can't reward people because of corruption,'' he said 11 days
ago after canceling three contracts with two companies.

Principals of both companies had said they had made bribe payments to Geoffrey
G. Lindenauer, the deputy director of the Parking Violations Bureau, who was
recently arrested on extortion charges.

When one of the company officials, a lawyer named Michael G. Dowd, charged that
he had been extorted for bribes, Mr. Koch said Mr. Dowd was ''as much a crook''
as the man whom, according to law-enforcement officials, he accused of extortion
- Borough President Donald R. Manes of Queens.

Now, though, the Mayor said, he has been persuaded by Mr. Martin, a former
United States Attorney in Manhattan, and other law-enforcement officials that a
less punitive approach toward informants would be more productive. Otherwise,
people would be inclined to remain silent in order to protect themselves, he
said.

''If that policy had continued, it would have been hard, difficult for him to
get cooperation,'' Rudolph W. Giuliani, the United States Attorney in Manhattan,
said yesterday of Mr. Martin. ''He would not have had the tools and flexibility
other investigators in that position have had.''

A Lot of Credit'

Asked if he would grant immunity from prosecution to people who reported they
gave bribes in exchange for city contracts, Mr. Giuliani said: ''I give a lot of
credit to people who voluntarily disclose. I think law enforcement has to do
that.''

Mr. Giuliani had complained after the Mayor canceled the three contracts a few
weeks ago, saying that while the move would not ''substantially impede'' his
investigation into the Parking Violations Bureau, ''it is not the best practice
if it appears to be punitive to people who may be undecided about cooperating.''

Mr. Martin and the Mayor briefed Mr. Giuliani about their plans in a telephone
conversation yesterday morning. They also spoke with the Manhattan District
Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, who issued a statement yesterday saying that
decisions to grant immunity must be made ''on a case-by-case basis.''

''We are committed to routing out corruption in city government,'' the statement
said. ''We encourage people with information to come forward and contact the New
York County District Attorney's Fraud Bureau.'' Mr. Morgenthau declined to
elaborate on his statement.

'An Understanding'

From now on, Mr. Martin said, people with allegations to make about city
officials should ''come to us and say, 'Look, we're prepared to make disclosures
if we can work out an understanding.' ''

Those with information to reveal, he continued, have probably been reluctant to
speak out because of fear that while they might get immunity from prosecution,
they could suffer financially nonetheless because Mr. Koch would have their
contracts canceled.

''Unless you do something to encourage those people to come forward, it's going
to be very difficult to find a new area of corruption,'' said Mr. Martin, who
was named just over two weeks ago to head the new mayoral commission. ''We are
just getting into an investigation. The point is how to get that investigation
off the ground.''

The Mayor, in answer to a question, said that though the idea of excusing
bribers ''galls'' him, ''I'm going to do what's in the best interest of the
city, whether it conflicts with an overall feeling that I have, which is that
corrupt people belong in jail, no ifs ands or buts, because that's not the real
world.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             624 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2015 Thursday

DERMOTT WOMAN CHARGED IN SUPERSEDING INDICTMENT IN SCHEME TO STEAL FEEDING
PROGRAM FUNDS

LENGTH: 596  words

DATELINE: Little Rock


United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Arkansas has issued
the following press release:

Another feeding program sponsor for the Department of Human Services (DHS) has
been indicted for her role in a conspiracy to steal federal money earmarked to
feed hungry children. Christopher R. Thyer, United States Attorney for the
Eastern District of Arkansas, announced that Kattie L. Jordan, 50, of Dermott,
previously identified as "Co-Conspirator 'A'" in an indictment that was returned
by a Federal Grand Jury on December 11, 2014, was added as a defendant to the
original indictment. The indictment already named Gladys Elise King, 34, of
England; Tonique D. Hatton, 37, of North Little Rock; and Jacqueline D. Mills,
39, of Helena, as defendants in the case.

The Superseding Indictment, returned by a Federal Grand Jury on April 8, 2015,
charges Hatton, Jordan, King, and Mills with conspiracy to fraudulently obtain
United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) program funds. Additionally,
Mills is charged with wire fraud, paying bribes, and engaging in money
laundering. King and Hatton are also charged with accepting bribes. The
Superseding Indictment also seeks forfeiture of the proceeds obtained as a
result of the fraud from the defendants.

According to the Superseding Indictment, the USDA funds the Child and Adult Care
Feeding Program, which includes an at-risk afterschool component. USDA also
funds the Summer Food Service Program. In Arkansas, the feeding programs are
administered by DHS. Sponsors who want to participate in the feeding programs
must submit an application to DHS for approval. Once approved, they can provide
meals as part of the feeding program and be reimbursed based on the number of
eligible meals they serve.

The Superseding Indictment states that Hatton and King worked for DHS, and part
of their job was to determine eligibility of sponsors to participate in the
feeding programs. Jordan and Mills operated as sponsors for separate feeding
programs. Hatton and King were responsible for approving Jordan's programs and
Mills' programs at various times.

The Superseding Indictment alleges that Mills and Jordan made bribe payments to
DHS employees Hatton and King. In exchange for those bribes, Mills and Jordan
would submit inflated numbers of meals purportedly served from their sites.
Hatton and King provided protection from DHS scrutiny.

The statutory penalty for wire fraud and conspiracy to commit wire fraud is not
more than 20 years imprisonment, not more than a $250,000 fine, or both, and not
more than 3 years supervised release. The statutory penalty for receipt of
bribes, paying bribes, and money laundering is not more than 10 years
imprisonment, not more than a $250,000 fine, or both, and not more than 3 years
supervised release.

The investigation is ongoing and is conducted by the United States Secret
Service, Federal Bureau of Investigation, Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigations, United States Department of Agriculture--Office of Inspector
General, and the United States Marshals Service. The case is being prosecuted by
Assistant United States Attorneys Jana K. Harris and Allison W. Bragg. If anyone
is aware of any fraudulent activity regarding these feeding programs, please
email that information to the United States Attorney's office at
USAARE.FeedingProgramFraud@usdoj.gov

An indictment contains only allegations. Defendants are presumed innocent until
proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             625 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 8, 2014 Tuesday

Federal indictment accuses unnamed Weslaco school board member of taking bribes

BYLINE: Elizabeth Findell, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 471 words


April 08--WESLACO -- Allegations of "pay-for-play" corruption in Progreso school
board contracts spread to Weslaco last week when an architect was accused of
bribing a school board member there for a design contract.

Jesus Bustos of McAllen's IDEA Group was arrested in January, accused of paying
kickbacks to Progreso school district officials in exchange for architectural
contracts for the firm, according to documents filed in the U.S. District
Court's Houston Division.

A superseding indictment filed late last week accuses Bustos of similarly
bribing an unnamed Weslaco school board member for IDEA's contract to design
Mario Ybarra Elementary School. The 100,000-square-foot school was completed in
2009 for a total construction cost of $9.7 million, according to the firm's
website.

The indictment says a marketing representative working for Bustos delivered
money to the school board member in October 2006, December 2008 and July 2009.

That adds to allegations that Bustos arranged for money to go to the Vela family
for Progreso projects during seven 2004 to 2011 deliveries, via bags and
sunglass cases exchanged in places including the Weslaco McDonald's and McAllen
Academy Sports & Outdoors parking lot.

Bustos is due back in court this coming Monday.

The indictment gives no clue as to which Weslaco school board member may have
received the bribes. Monitor archives indicate five people served terms that
extended over all four of those years: Joe Marines, Ivan Perez, David Fox,
Robert Sepulveda and Raymond Givilancz.

Marines was indicted in 2011 and pleaded guilty to charges of accepting bribes
during the bidding process of a different elementary school, Roosevelt
Elementary, in 2006. He admitted to taking $1,500 to sway the board toward a
particular subcontractor, according to archives.

The Monitor was unable to get in touch with Marines or Givilancz. Reached
Monday, Perez, Fox and Sepulveda all said they were surprised to see the latest
indictment and didn't clearly remember the specifics of picking IDEA Group to
design the school.

Sepulveda is still on the school board and Fox is now a city commissioner.

The board members said the IDEA contract had been awarded via a process where
each one of them gave points for different criteria, which were then tallied
into a total. Perez and Sepulveda said they remembered having some reservations
about IDEA Group.

All said they were disappointed to hear the bribery allegations.

"It's a continuation of what happened over there, I guess," Sepulveda said of
Progreso. "As a long-term board member, anything like this is not good for the
community and the district, it just isn't. Of course I'm concerned."

efindell@themonitor.com

___ (c)2014 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140408-MC-Federal-indictment-accuses-unnamed-Weslaco-school-board-member-of-ta
king-bribes-0408-20140408

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2014 The Monitor


                             626 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday

New Jersey: Salesman admits role in bribes-For-Test-Referrals scheme involving
new jersey clinical laboratory

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A Monmouth County, N.J. man pleaded guilty today to his role in a long-running
bribes-for-test-referrals scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, N.J., its president, and numerous associates, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Len Rubinstein, 42, of Holmdel, N.J., pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge
Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him with
conspiring to violate the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Travel Act, and with
money laundering, and making cash payments of thousands of dollars to doctors on
behalf of BLS.

Rubinstein is the 14th individual to plead guilty in connection with BLS's
sophisticated bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved the
payment of millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million
in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 39, of Mountain Lakes,
N.J.; Scott Nicoll, 32, of Wayne, N.J., a senior BLS employee and David Nicoll's
brother; and Craig Nordman, 34, of Whippany, N.J., a BLS employee and the CEO of
Advantech Sales LLC - one of several entities used by BLS to make illegal
payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the bribery conspiracy,
along with the BLS company and Santangelo.  In June, David and Scott Nicoll,
Nordman, and four other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to
their involvement.  Santangelo pleaded guilty last month to charges relating to
his role in the scheme.  Ten employees or associates of BLS, and four physicians
have pleaded guilty to their roles in the bribery scheme.

From May 2012 through April 2013, Rubinstein agreed with the Nicolls and others
to pay doctors to refer patients to BLS for testing of blood specimens. He paid
cash bribes to doctors as part of the conspiracy. Rubinstein admitted he used
Delta Consulting Group LLC - an entity he controlled - to hide the money he
received from BLS and used to make bribe payments to doctors.

Rubinstein faces a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine on the bribery conspiracy charge and 20 years in prison and a
$500,000 fine on the money laundering charge, or twice the gross gain or loss
from the offense. Sentencing is scheduled for Nov. 12, 2013. He has also agreed
to forfeit $250,000.  The investigation has so far recovered more than $3
million through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Tom O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service,
under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the ongoing
investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nj

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             627 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2013 Tuesday

New Jersey: Salesman admits role in bribes-For-Test-Referrals scheme involving
new jersey clinical laboratory

LENGTH: 592  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A Monmouth County, N.J. man pleaded guilty today to his role in a long-running
bribes-for-test-referrals scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, N.J., its president, and numerous associates, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Len Rubinstein, 42, of Holmdel, N.J., pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge
Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information charging him with
conspiring to violate the Anti-Kickback Statute and the Travel Act, and with
money laundering, and making cash payments of thousands of dollars to doctors on
behalf of BLS.

Rubinstein is the 14th individual to plead guilty in connection with BLS's
sophisticated bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved the
payment of millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million
in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies.

According to documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 39, of Mountain Lakes,
N.J.; Scott Nicoll, 32, of Wayne, N.J., a senior BLS employee and David Nicoll's
brother; and Craig Nordman, 34, of Whippany, N.J., a BLS employee and the CEO of
Advantech Sales LLC - one of several entities used by BLS to make illegal
payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the bribery conspiracy,
along with the BLS company and Santangelo.  In June, David and Scott Nicoll,
Nordman, and four other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to
their involvement.  Santangelo pleaded guilty last month to charges relating to
his role in the scheme.  Ten employees or associates of BLS, and four physicians
have pleaded guilty to their roles in the bribery scheme.

From May 2012 through April 2013, Rubinstein agreed with the Nicolls and others
to pay doctors to refer patients to BLS for testing of blood specimens. He paid
cash bribes to doctors as part of the conspiracy. Rubinstein admitted he used
Delta Consulting Group LLC - an entity he controlled - to hide the money he
received from BLS and used to make bribe payments to doctors.

Rubinstein faces a maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a
$250,000 fine on the bribery conspiracy charge and 20 years in prison and a
$500,000 fine on the money laundering charge, or twice the gross gain or loss
from the offense. Sentencing is scheduled for Nov. 12, 2013. He has also agreed
to forfeit $250,000.  The investigation has so far recovered more than $3
million through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Tom O'Donnell; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Shantelle P. Kitchen, and the U.S. Postal Inspection Service,
under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L. Kelokates, with the ongoing
investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nj

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             628 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Doctor admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 646  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A doctor with practices in Wall Township and Howell Township, New Jersey, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DeLuca, 52, of Point Pleasant, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including DeLuca, 32 people - 21 of them doctors - have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.2 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DeLuca admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $1,500 per month, which he received
from another person on in his medical office engaged in the same activity.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC - one of several entities used by
BLS to make illegal payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the
bribery conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of
Boonton, New Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four
other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement.
Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his
role in the scheme

The bribery count to which DeLuca pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.  Sentencing is scheduled
for March 20, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, DeLuca must forfeit $16,500,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $540 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             629 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

Doctor admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 646  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A doctor with practices in Wall Township and Howell Township, New Jersey, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DeLuca, 52, of Point Pleasant, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including DeLuca, 32 people - 21 of them doctors - have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.2 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DeLuca admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $1,500 per month, which he received
from another person on in his medical office engaged in the same activity.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC - one of several entities used by
BLS to make illegal payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the
bribery conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of
Boonton, New Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four
other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement.
Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his
role in the scheme

The bribery count to which DeLuca pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.  Sentencing is scheduled
for March 20, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, DeLuca must forfeit $16,500,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $540 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             630 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 17, 2014 Monday

Doctor admits Taking Bribes in Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 646  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A doctor with practices in Wall Township and Howell Township, New Jersey, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DeLuca, 52, of Point Pleasant, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including DeLuca, 32 people - 21 of them doctors - have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $10.2 million to date through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DeLuca admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $1,500 per month, which he received
from another person on in his medical office engaged in the same activity.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC - one of several entities used by
BLS to make illegal payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the
bribery conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of
Boonton, New Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four
other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement.
Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his
role in the scheme

The bribery count to which DeLuca pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.  Sentencing is scheduled
for March 20, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, DeLuca must forfeit $16,500,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Thomas O'Donnell; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven,
Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Minish, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $540 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             631 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

Essex county Corrections Officer Charged with Taking Bribes to Smuggle
Contraband Into Federal Pretrial Detention Facility

LENGTH: 353  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

An Essex County corrections officer was arrested today by special agents of the
FBI for taking bribes to smuggle contraband, including cell phones and
cigarettes, into the Essex County Jail, a federal pretrial detention facility,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

John Grosso, 41, of Belleville, New Jersey, was arrested this morning at the
Essex County Jail. He is charged by complaint with one count of conspiring to
commit extortion under color of official right, in violation of the Hobbs Act.
He appeared this afternoon before U.S. Magistrate Judge Cathy L. Waldor in
Newark federal court and was released on $100,000 bail.

According to the complaint:

On multiple occasions between November 2013 and December 2013, Grosso, a
corrections officer at the Essex County Jail, accepted cash bribes of
approximately $1,000 in return for smuggling cell phones and cigarettes to an
inmate. Grosso usually met with the inmate's associate in the parking lot of the
Best Buy store in Secaucus, New Jersey, to accept the contraband packages and
cash bribes, before delivering the packages to the inmate.

Conspiring to commit extortion under color of official right, in violation of
the Hobbs Act, carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford in Newark, and the Internal Affairs
Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the leadership of Warden
Roy Hendricks, with the investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in Newark.

The charge and allegations contained in the complaint are merely accusations and
the defendant is considered innocent unless and until proven guilty

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             632 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

Judge slaps $59-mn fine on HP for bribing Russian officials

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: San Francisco


San Francisco, Sept. 12 -- A judge has ordered US computer giant Hewlett-Packard
to pay $58.8 million for bribing Moscow Government officials to win a big-money
contract with Russia's prosecutor general's office.


 Northern California US District Judge Lowell Jensen hit HP with the fine after
the company pleaded guilty to violating anti-bribery and accounting provisions
of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the US Department of Justice had said in a
release yesterday.
 According to a negotiated plea bargain, executives in an HP Russia subsidiary
created a multi-million-dollar slush fund, from which money was used to bribe
Russian officials who awarded the company a $45-million ((EURO)35-million)
contract with the Office of the Prosecutor General of Russia.
 "Hewlett Packard's Russia subsidiary used millions of dollars in bribes from a
secret slush fund to secure a lucrative government contract," principal deputy
assistant attorney general Marshall Miller of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division said in a release.
 "Even more troubling was that the government contract up for sale was with
Russia's top prosecutor's office," he said.
 The plea deal came as part of an agreement by HP in April to pay $108 million
to settle the investigations that it paid bribes to win public contracts in
Russia, Poland and Mexico.
 The settlement covers criminal and civil investigations under the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act, according to a statement from the US Securities and
Exchange Commission.
 According to authorities, the California company's subsidiary in Russia paid
more than $2 million in bribes through agents and various shell companies, using
two sets of books and secret spreadsheets to keep track of affairs.
 "For more than a decade, HP Russia business executives participated in an
elaborate scheme that involved paying bribes to government officials in exchange
for large contracts," FBI Washington field office assistant director-in-charge
Andrew McCabe said in a release.
 In Poland, gifts and cash bribes worth more than $600,000 were paid to a Polish
government official to obtain contracts with the national police agency.
 And in Mexico, HP paid more than $1 million in commissions to a consultant to
win a software sale to Mexico's state-owned petroleum company Pemex, and some of
that money was funnelled to a company official.
 SEC investigators in April said HP lacked internal controls and allowed the
bribes to be recorded "as legitimate commissions and expenses''.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             633 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2014 Saturday

Washington: FCI Danbury Employee Indicted for Role in Inmate Early Release
Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut;
Patricia M. Ferrick, Special Agent in Charge of the New Haven Division of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation; and Ronald G. Gardella, Special Agent in
Charge, Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General, New York Field
Office, today announced that a federal grand jury in New Haven returned an
indictment today charging Kisha Perkins, a case manager at the Federal
Correctional Institution in Danbury (FCI Danbury) for her role in a scheme to
solicit and collect cash bribes from FCI Danbury inmates in exchange for a
recommendation that inmates be released early to "halfway houses."

The indictment charges Perkins, 42, of Waterbury, with one count of paying a
bribe to a public official and one count of acceptance of a bribe by a public
official. Perkins was arrested on a federal criminal complaint on March 14,
2014.

As alleged in the criminal complaint, in June 2013, Perkins approached another
FCI Danbury employee about an opportunity to participate in a scheme to solicit
a cash bribe from an inmate at FCI Danbury in exchange for the inmate's early
release to a halfway house. At that time, Perkins held the job title of unit
counselor at FCI Danbury and did not have administrative authority to recommend
inmates for early release. Perkins explained that the inmate and the inmate's
husband were willing to pay $20,000 and that Perkins' co-worker, who would
receive half the money, was needed to complete the scheme because the co-worker
had the administrative ability to recommend inmates for early release.

Perkins' co-worker declined to participate in the scheme, reported the incident
to law enforcement, and agreed to cooperate in the investigation, which included
the use of numerous consensually recorded conversations.

In July 2013, Perkins' co-worker told Perkins that he/she had changed his/her
mind and wanted to participate in the scheme. It is alleged that Perkins
informed her co-worker that a scheme involving the inmate who had been
previously identified was no longer feasible.

As the investigation continued, in February 2014, Perkins' co-worker identified
a second inmate as a possible candidate for the bribe scheme. Is it alleged that
Perkins agreed to participate, and, after extensive planning, on March 8, 2014,
Perkins and her co-worker traveled to a commuter lot off Exit 28 on Interstate
84 to pick up a partial bribe payment of $5,000 in cash in a fast food bag that,
as Perkins believed, was to be dropped off by an acquaintance of the inmate.

If convicted, Perkins faces a maximum term of imprisonment of 15 years on each
count.

After her arrest on March 14, Perkins was released on a $100,000 bond. Her bond
was revoked on March 28, and she is currently detained. An arraignment and
detention hearing is scheduled for April 7 in New Haven.

U.S. Attorney Daly stressed that an indictment is not evidence of guilt. Charges
are only allegations, and each defendant is presumed innocent unless and until
proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.

This matter is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Department of Justice Office of Inspector General. The case is being prosecuted
by Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Wines.


For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             634 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 24, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Teacher Accused of Asking Student for Bribe

BYLINE: By LAWRENCE VAN GELDER

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 22;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 502 words


A high school social studies teacher with a salary of $62,331 was charged with
extortion yesterday, accused of soliciting $300 in bribes to improve the grade
of a senior enrolled in his remedial economics course.

The teacher, identified as Kenneth D. Cotton, 44, of Queens, was arrested on
Thursday night at Jamaica High School in Queens by investigators from the office
of Edward F. Stancik, the special commissioner of investigation for the city's
school system.

Schools Chancellor Ramon C. Cortines announced that he had suspended Mr. Cotton
and directed the school system to seek his dismissal.

"Extorting money from students to change their grades is a horrible, inexcusable
exploitation of a teacher's position," he said.

Mr. Stancik said he did not believe that accepting bribes for raising student
grades was widespread. But he said his office was looking into a similar
allegation against Mr. Cotton from another student.

Officials in the school system and the Queens District Attorney's office said
the student, Andres Namen, 18, of St. Helena's High School in the Bronx, had
been told he was in danger of failing economics and not graduating unless he
enrolled in a makeup course at night at Jamaica High School.

The District Attorney's office said Mr. Cotton, who has worked for the Board of
Education for 20 years and was teaching at Adlai E. Stevenson High School in the
Bronx during the day, approached the teen-ager on May 23, told him he had too
many absences from the class and offered to "stick his neck out" for him. But he
said there would have to be some reward, the District Attorney's office said.

Mr. Namen told the authorities that Mr. Cotton said he wanted money -- "not in
the four digits, but not less than $100."

Rachel Bluestein, a spokeswoman for Mr. Stancik, said the young man gave Mr.
Cotton $150 in late May.

"The teacher said he needed more money," Ms. Bluestein said. At that point, she
continued, Mr. Namen began to feel he had done something wrong, and on June 16
he reported the matter to a safety officer at Jamaica High School.

Mr. Namen was fitted with a recording device and given $150. "We have on
audiotape that the teacher accepted the bribe and gave the kid his grade," Ms.
Bluestein said. Mr. Namen was going to fail, but the teacher instead gave him a
passing grade in exchange for the bribe, she said.

The Queens District Attorney's office charged Mr. Cotton with grand larceny by
extortion, receiving a bribe and other charges. He could receive a maximum
penalty of 15 years in prison for extortion.

He was arraigned before Criminal Court Judge Joseph Grasso and released on
$1,500 cash bail pending a preliminary hearing on Wednesday.

Mr. Cotton's lawyer, Douglas H. Krieger, said, "There is a lot that has not been
said, and at the proper time it will be revealed." He said his client "is saying
that it is not as pictured."

Mr. Namen's class graduated on Thursday night. His status was reported to be
unresolved.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Kenneth D. Cotton, a Queens social studies teacher, was charged
in a money-for-grades scheme.

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             635 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Corrections Officer Sentenced to 18 Months in Prison for Accepting
Cash Bribes

LENGTH: 403  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An Essex County corrections officer was sentenced today to 18 months in prison
for his involvement in a scheme to smuggle marijuana, cell phones and tobacco
into the Essex County Correctional Facility, a federal pretrial detention
facility, in exchange for cash bribe payments, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Stephon Solomon, 27, of Irvington, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of conspiring to commit extortion under color of
official right. Judge Cooper imposed the sentence today in Trenton federal
court.

According to the documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

On multiple occasions between October 2013 and May 2014, Solomon, a corrections
officer at the Essex County Correctional Facility, smuggled contraband -
including cell phones, tobacco, and marijuana - to Quasim Nichols, 29, a federal
pretrial detainee, in exchange for cash bribes. Darsell Davis, 29, and Dwayne
Harper, 30, friends of Nichols, aided in the smuggling scheme by collecting the
contraband to be smuggled into the facility. Solomon received the contraband and
cash bribes from Davis and then smuggled the contraband to Nichols, who
ultimately sold some of the marijuana and cell phones to other inmates. The
inmates purchasing marijuana and cell phones from Nichols had their friends and
family pay for the items by sending Western Union money transfers to Nichols,
who enlisted Davis and others to retrieve those payments for him.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Cooper sentenced Solomon to three years of
supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and investigators with the
Internal Affairs Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the
leadership of Warden Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to today's
sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in New Jersey.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             636 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                            October 11, 1996, Friday

FBI arrests 45 in Wall Street bribes investigation

BYLINE: Bloomberg New York

SECTION: BUSINESS; Page  20

LENGTH: 562 words


Federal agents arrested 45 people, including former brokers at major Wall Street
firms and the chairmen of publicly traded companies, on charges that they bribed
dealers to promote stocks to investors, the Securities and Exchange Commission
said yesterday.

The nationwide sting operation by the SEC, the US attorney's office in New York
and the Federal Bureau of Investigation, was continuing into about 60 companies
whose stock was touted, SEC spokesman Henry Klehm said.

"I can't think of any other securities case that has had this many people
arrested from one investigation," Mr Klehm said.

The arrests began early yesterday and continued throughout the day.
Investigators used an undercover brokerage firm set up by the FBI in Manhattan
to catch the defendants, Mr Klehm said. The inquiry has not discovered any
investors harmed by the promotions, but investigators have found evidence that
brokerage firms may have received bribes.

Most of the stock promoters were individuals who acted on their own to push
small stocks that trade on the OTC-Bulletin Board run by the Nasdaq Stock
Market. They hailed from 10 states, including New York, California and Florida,
and Canada. Some allegedly worked together in small groups, Mr Klehm said.

Among the Wall Street firms for which some of the accused brokers worked were
Merrill Lynch, Dean Witter Discover, and Gruntal, an SEC spokesman said.

The bribes often amounted to between 20 and 35 per cent of the value of the
stock sold, paid either in cash or stock, an FBI court document said. Mr Klehm
would not disclose the total amount of bribes paid or stock sold. While most of
the stocks traded in the schemes listed on the OTC- Bulletin Board, some are
listed on Nasdaq's SmallCap Market or Nasdaq's National Market.

The criminal charges allege securities fraud, conspiracy to commit securities
fraud, commercial bribery and criminal contempt for actions between September
1993 and the present. Some of those arrested were brokers who had been barred
from the securities industry, Mr Klehm said. The SEC is simultaneously filing
civil suits against the defendants.

One broker arrested was George Panagiotou, who worked for New York-based Dean
Witter Discover before joining New York-based Gruntal in January 1994, Mr Klehm
said. Mr Panagiotou, along with two other brokers, was charged with civil fraud
by the SEC last month for allegedly promoting the stock of San Diego Bancorp in
exchange for bribes.

Gruntal said yesterday it fired Mr Panagiotou in July 1994, six months after he
started, after discovering the alleged San Diego Bancorp scheme.  Thefirm also
sued him in a case still pending, said assistant Gruntal general counsel Donald
Cohen. "Gruntal helped discover this matter," Mr Cohen said.

Another broker who Mr Klehm would not identify worked for Merrill Lynch and may
have been employed there during the period in question, he said.  Merrill Lynch
had no immediate comment.

At least three chairmen of public companies were targeted in the investigation.
George Badger, chairman of Golf Ventures, a golf course developer, was arrested
for allegedly bribing an undercover FBI agent last March to promote the stock of
his company. William G Lucas, chairman and chief executive of Command Credit
Corp, a financial services company, was also charged.


LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 Independent Print Ltd


                             637 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Miami Businessman Pleads Guilty to Foreign Bribery and Fraud Charges in
Connection with Venezuela Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1022  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Texas has issued
the following news release:



  The owner of multiple U.S.-based energy companies has pleaded guilty to
foreign bribery and fraud charges for his role in a scheme to corruptly secure
energy contracts from Venezuela's state-owned and state-controlled energy
company, Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA).





 U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson made the announcement along with Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division, Acting Special Agent in Charge Sean McElroy of U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston and
Special Agent in Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation's Houston Field Office (IRS-CI).



 Abraham Jose Shiera Bastidas (Shiera), 52, of Coral Gables, Florida, pleaded
guilty yesterday in federal court before U.S. District Judge Gray H. Miller to
one count of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and
commit wire fraud and one count of violating the FCPA. Sentencing is scheduled
for July 8, 2016. Four others charged in relation to the case had previously
entered guilty pleas, including three foreign officials.



 "The five convictions announced today hold to account bribe payors as well as
the corrupt foreign officials who laundered the bribe money through the United
States," said Caldwell. "These individual prosecutions are the result of a
tenacious and coordinated effort by our prosecutors and agents to unravel a
complex web of bribes paid to Venezuelan officials. And they demonstrate our
commitment to building cases from the ground up, instead of counting on
companies and other wrongdoers to self-disclose their crimes."



 "The pleas of guilty in this case are the result of the strict enforcement of
the FCPA in this district," said Magidson. "Bribery under this law is a serious
federal crime that undermines commercial and political relations around the
world. This case is an example of our reach to expose this criminal conduct."



 Shiera was arrested in Miami on Dec. 16, 2015, after a federal grand jury
returned an 18-count indictment against him and Roberto Enrique Rincon Fernandez
(Rincon), 55, of The Woodlands.



 According to admissions made in connection with Shiera's plea, Shiera and
Rincon worked together to submit bids to provide equipment and services to PDVSA
through their various companies. Shiera admitted that beginning in 2009, he and
Rincon agreed to pay bribes and other things of value to PDVSA purchasing
analysts to ensure his and Rincon's companies were placed on PDVSA bidding
panels, which enabled the companies to win lucrative energy contracts with
PDVSA. Shiera also made bribe payments to other PDVSA officials in order to
ensure his companies were placed on PDVSA-approved vendor lists and given
payment priority so that they would get paid ahead of other PDVSA vendors with
outstanding invoices, he admitted.



 "The corruption of foreign officials through bribery has a damaging impact on
the stability of trade, industries and even nations," said McElroy. "HSI and our
partners will tirelessly investigate anyone who cultivates the corruption of
officials abroad and bribe their way to financial gain."



 "Bribery and corruption undermines honest, free enterprise and creates an
atmosphere of back room dealing that impairs the ability for honest businesses
to compete," said Goss. "IRS-CI tirelessly untangles the web of &lrm;illicit
transactions that lead to corrupt individuals being held accountable."



 Judge Miller also unsealed charges yesterday against four other individuals
charged in connection with the investigation. In January 2016, Moises Abraham
Millan Escobar (Millan), 32, of Katy, pleaded guilty under seal to one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA for his role in the PDVSA bribery scheme. Milan
was Shiera's former employee. In December 2015, three former PDVSA officials,
Jose Luis Ramos Castillo (Ramos), 38; Christian Javier Maldonado Barillas
(Maldonado), 39; and Alfonzo Eliezer Gravina Munoz (Gravina), 53, all from Katy,
each pleaded guilty under seal to conspiracy to commit money laundering. As part
of their guilty pleas, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina each admitted that while
employed by PDVSA or its wholly owned subsidiaries or affiliates, they accepted
bribes from Shiera and Rincon in exchange for taking certain actions to assist
companies owned by Shiera and Rincon in winning energy contracts with PDVSA.
Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina also admitted they conspired with Shiera and Rincon
to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme. Gravina also pleaded guilty to
making false statements on his 2010 federal income tax return by failing to
report the bribe payments he received from Shiera, Rincon and others. As part of
their plea agreements, Shiera, Millan, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina all agreed
to forfeit proceeds of their criminal activity.



 The indictment as to Rincon remains pending. He is charged with one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA and commit wire fraud, one count of conspiracy to
commit money laundering and seven counts of money laundering. Rincon is also
charged with four counts of violating the FCPA. He was ordered detained pending
trial following a detention hearing held on Dec. 18, 2015, before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Nancy K. Johnson of the Southern District of Texas. The charges
contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and Rincon is presumed
innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law.



 ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are conducting the ongoing investigation with assistance
from the FBI. Deputy Chief John Pearson and Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert S.
Johnson are prosecuting the case along with Trial Attorneys Aisling O'Shea and
Jeremy R. Sanders of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section. Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Kristine Rollinson and Vincent Carroll are handling the forfeiture
aspects of the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             638 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Miami Businessman Pleads Guilty to Foreign Bribery and Fraud Charges
in Connection with Venezuela Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1032  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 The owner of multiple U.S.-based energy companies has pleaded guilty to foreign
bribery and fraud charges for his role in a scheme to corruptly secure energy
contracts from Venezuela's state-owned and state-controlled energy company,
Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA).





 U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson made the announcement along with Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division, Acting Special Agent in Charge Sean McElroy of U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston and
Special Agent in Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation's Houston Field Office (IRS-CI).



 Abraham Jose Shiera Bastidas (Shiera), 52, of Coral Gables, Florida, pleaded
guilty yesterday in federal court before U.S. District Judge Gray H. Miller to
one count of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and
commit wire fraud and one count of violating the FCPA. Sentencing is scheduled
for July 8, 2016. Four others charged in relation to the case had previously
entered guilty pleas, including three foreign officials.



 "The five convictions announced today hold to account bribe payors as well as
the corrupt foreign officials who laundered the bribe money through the United
States," said Caldwell. "These individual prosecutions are the result of a
tenacious and coordinated effort by our prosecutors and agents to unravel a
complex web of bribes paid to Venezuelan officials. And they demonstrate our
commitment to building cases from the ground up, instead of counting on
companies and other wrongdoers to self-disclose their crimes."



 "The pleas of guilty in this case are the result of the strict enforcement of
the FCPA in this district," said Magidson. "Bribery under this law is a serious
federal crime that undermines commercial and political relations around the
world. This case is an example of our reach to expose this criminal conduct."



 Shiera was arrested in Miami on Dec. 16, 2015, after a federal grand jury
returned an 18-count indictment against him and Roberto Enrique Rincon Fernandez
(Rincon), 55, of The Woodlands.



 According to admissions made in connection with Shiera's plea, Shiera and
Rincon worked together to submit bids to provide equipment and services to PDVSA
through their various companies. Shiera admitted that beginning in 2009, he and
Rincon agreed to pay bribes and other things of value to PDVSA purchasing
analysts to ensure his and Rincon's companies were placed on PDVSA bidding
panels, which enabled the companies to win lucrative energy contracts with
PDVSA. Shiera also made bribe payments to other PDVSA officials in order to
ensure his companies were placed on PDVSA-approved vendor lists and given
payment priority so that they would get paid ahead of other PDVSA vendors with
outstanding invoices, he admitted.



 "The corruption of foreign officials through bribery has a damaging impact on
the stability of trade, industries and even nations," said McElroy. "HSI and our
partners will tirelessly investigate anyone who cultivates the corruption of
officials abroad and bribe their way to financial gain."



 "Bribery and corruption undermines honest, free enterprise and creates an
atmosphere of back room dealing that impairs the ability for honest businesses
to compete," said Goss. "IRS-CI tirelessly untangles the web of &lrm;illicit
transactions that lead to corrupt individuals being held accountable."



 Judge Miller also unsealed charges yesterday against four other individuals
charged in connection with the investigation. In January 2016, Moises Abraham
Millan Escobar (Millan), 32, of Katy, pleaded guilty under seal to one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA for his role in the PDVSA bribery scheme. Milan
was Shiera's former employee. In December 2015, three former PDVSA officials,
Jose Luis Ramos Castillo (Ramos), 38; Christian Javier Maldonado Barillas
(Maldonado), 39; and Alfonzo Eliezer Gravina Munoz (Gravina), 53, all from Katy,
each pleaded guilty under seal to conspiracy to commit money laundering. As part
of their guilty pleas, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina each admitted that while
employed by PDVSA or its wholly owned subsidiaries or affiliates, they accepted
bribes from Shiera and Rincon in exchange for taking certain actions to assist
companies owned by Shiera and Rincon in winning energy contracts with PDVSA.
Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina also admitted they conspired with Shiera and Rincon
to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme. Gravina also pleaded guilty to
making false statements on his 2010 federal income tax return by failing to
report the bribe payments he received from Shiera, Rincon and others. As part of
their plea agreements, Shiera, Millan, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina all agreed
to forfeit proceeds of their criminal activity.



 The indictment as to Rincon remains pending. He is charged with one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA and commit wire fraud, one count of conspiracy to
commit money laundering and seven counts of money laundering. Rincon is also
charged with four counts of violating the FCPA. He was ordered detained pending
trial following a detention hearing held on Dec. 18, 2015, before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Nancy K. Johnson of the Southern District of Texas. The charges
contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and Rincon is presumed
innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law.



 ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are conducting the ongoing investigation with assistance
from the FBI. Deputy Chief John Pearson and Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert S.
Johnson are prosecuting the case along with Trial Attorneys Aisling O'Shea and
Jeremy R. Sanders of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section. Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Kristine Rollinson and Vincent Carroll are handling the forfeiture
aspects of the case.



 The Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided
assistance.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             639 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 23, 2016 Wednesday

Miami Businessman Pleads Guilty to Foreign Bribery and Fraud Charges in
Connection with Venezuela Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 1022  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Office for the United States Attorneys, Southern District of Texas has issued
the following news release:



  The owner of multiple U.S.-based energy companies has pleaded guilty to
foreign bribery and fraud charges for his role in a scheme to corruptly secure
energy contracts from Venezuela's state-owned and state-controlled energy
company, Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA).





 U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson made the announcement along with Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division, Acting Special Agent in Charge Sean McElroy of U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) in Houston and
Special Agent in Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation's Houston Field Office (IRS-CI).



 Abraham Jose Shiera Bastidas (Shiera), 52, of Coral Gables, Florida, pleaded
guilty yesterday in federal court before U.S. District Judge Gray H. Miller to
one count of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and
commit wire fraud and one count of violating the FCPA. Sentencing is scheduled
for July 8, 2016. Four others charged in relation to the case had previously
entered guilty pleas, including three foreign officials.



 "The five convictions announced today hold to account bribe payors as well as
the corrupt foreign officials who laundered the bribe money through the United
States," said Caldwell. "These individual prosecutions are the result of a
tenacious and coordinated effort by our prosecutors and agents to unravel a
complex web of bribes paid to Venezuelan officials. And they demonstrate our
commitment to building cases from the ground up, instead of counting on
companies and other wrongdoers to self-disclose their crimes."



 "The pleas of guilty in this case are the result of the strict enforcement of
the FCPA in this district," said Magidson. "Bribery under this law is a serious
federal crime that undermines commercial and political relations around the
world. This case is an example of our reach to expose this criminal conduct."



 Shiera was arrested in Miami on Dec. 16, 2015, after a federal grand jury
returned an 18-count indictment against him and Roberto Enrique Rincon Fernandez
(Rincon), 55, of The Woodlands.



 According to admissions made in connection with Shiera's plea, Shiera and
Rincon worked together to submit bids to provide equipment and services to PDVSA
through their various companies. Shiera admitted that beginning in 2009, he and
Rincon agreed to pay bribes and other things of value to PDVSA purchasing
analysts to ensure his and Rincon's companies were placed on PDVSA bidding
panels, which enabled the companies to win lucrative energy contracts with
PDVSA. Shiera also made bribe payments to other PDVSA officials in order to
ensure his companies were placed on PDVSA-approved vendor lists and given
payment priority so that they would get paid ahead of other PDVSA vendors with
outstanding invoices, he admitted.



 "The corruption of foreign officials through bribery has a damaging impact on
the stability of trade, industries and even nations," said McElroy. "HSI and our
partners will tirelessly investigate anyone who cultivates the corruption of
officials abroad and bribe their way to financial gain."



 "Bribery and corruption undermines honest, free enterprise and creates an
atmosphere of back room dealing that impairs the ability for honest businesses
to compete," said Goss. "IRS-CI tirelessly untangles the web of &lrm;illicit
transactions that lead to corrupt individuals being held accountable."



 Judge Miller also unsealed charges yesterday against four other individuals
charged in connection with the investigation. In January 2016, Moises Abraham
Millan Escobar (Millan), 32, of Katy, pleaded guilty under seal to one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA for his role in the PDVSA bribery scheme. Milan
was Shiera's former employee. In December 2015, three former PDVSA officials,
Jose Luis Ramos Castillo (Ramos), 38; Christian Javier Maldonado Barillas
(Maldonado), 39; and Alfonzo Eliezer Gravina Munoz (Gravina), 53, all from Katy,
each pleaded guilty under seal to conspiracy to commit money laundering. As part
of their guilty pleas, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina each admitted that while
employed by PDVSA or its wholly owned subsidiaries or affiliates, they accepted
bribes from Shiera and Rincon in exchange for taking certain actions to assist
companies owned by Shiera and Rincon in winning energy contracts with PDVSA.
Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina also admitted they conspired with Shiera and Rincon
to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme. Gravina also pleaded guilty to
making false statements on his 2010 federal income tax return by failing to
report the bribe payments he received from Shiera, Rincon and others. As part of
their plea agreements, Shiera, Millan, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina all agreed
to forfeit proceeds of their criminal activity.



 The indictment as to Rincon remains pending. He is charged with one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA and commit wire fraud, one count of conspiracy to
commit money laundering and seven counts of money laundering. Rincon is also
charged with four counts of violating the FCPA. He was ordered detained pending
trial following a detention hearing held on Dec. 18, 2015, before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Nancy K. Johnson of the Southern District of Texas. The charges
contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and Rincon is presumed
innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law.



 ICE-HSI and IRS-CI are conducting the ongoing investigation with assistance
from the FBI. Deputy Chief John Pearson and Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert S.
Johnson are prosecuting the case along with Trial Attorneys Aisling O'Shea and
Jeremy R. Sanders of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section. Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Kristine Rollinson and Vincent Carroll are handling the forfeiture
aspects of the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             640 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            December 4, 2009 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Hevesi trips up again. Ex-controller took luxe globe-trotting jaunts on banker's
dime, sources say

BYLINE: BY KENNETH LOVETT DAILY NEWS ALBANY BUREAU CHIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 644 words


ALBANY - Former Controller Alan Hevesi took $75,000 in luxury trips from an
investment banker who admitted paying nearly $1 million in bribes for state
pension fund business, sources said.

It's the first time Hevesi was directly linked to the massive pay-to-play
scandal that engulfed his office.

Hevesi and former "Mod Squad" actress Peggy Lipton benefited from the "bribes"
investor Elliott Broidy made to four top pension fund officials, the sources
said yesterday.

In exchange, Broidy's company, Los Angeles-based Markstone Capital Partners, got
$250 million in pension fund commitments and collected more than $18 million in
management fees.

Attorney General Andrew Cuomo said Broidy covered $75,000 in expenses for
"luxury travel" five times to Israel and once to Italy for a "very senior
official" in the controller's office.

Cuomo said the official and his family, whom he would not name, received
first-class airline seating, hotel suites, a car and driver and even helicopter
tours.

Sources told the Daily News the official was Hevesi, who resigned and pleaded
guilty to an unrelated felony in 2006.

Cuomo said Broidy hid the payments by submitting false invoices. Broidy, his
wife and their associates gave tens of thousands of dollars to Hevesi's
campaigns.

Hevesi lawyer Bradley Simon, who has routinely maintained the former controller
had done no wrong, had no comment on the latest development.

Two months before resigning in 2006, The News Editorial Board asked Hevesi about
his first-class travel to Israel.

He defended it by saying he ran a massive pension system second only to Warren
Buffett in investing in Israel.

"It was a great investment opportunity, plus I am a Zionist," he said.

Asked about rules against luxury travel, he said, "I don't know if there are any
rules."

Broidy pleaded guilty yesterday in Manhattan Supreme Court to a felony charge of
rewarding official misconduct.

Cuomo said Broidy paid $90,000 in rent, expenses and hospital bills to the
girlfriend of a senior controller's office official.

He also gave $44,000 to the girlfriend's family, Cuomo said. While he would not
name the official, The News has reported it is Jack Chartier, who had a close
relationship with Lipton.

Lipton and Chartier could not be reached for comment.

Cuomo said Broidy also gave $300,000 to help finance the movie "Chooch,"
produced by the brother of Hevesi's chief investment officer David Loglisci.

Another official was paid nearly $400,000 through a sham consulting agreement to
a relative of a state official.

A source said the consultant was lobbyist Frank Sanzillo, brother of Hevesi's
top assistant Thomas Sanzillo.

Thomas Sanzillo had no comment. His brother could not be reached.

"This is an old-fashioned payoff," Cuomo said.

In some cases, Hevesi's office solicited payments from Broidy while in others he
offered them up, said Deputy Attorney General Ellen Biben.

Broidy, who faces up to four years in prison, was released pending sentencing.
He has resigned from Markstone.

"Mr. Broidy regrets the actions that brought about this course of events, but is
pleased to have resolved this matter . . . and will be cooperating in the
ongoing investigation," Broidy lawyer Christopher Clark said.

Broidy is the fifth guilty plea in the pension scandal probe.

GRAPHIC: MONEY TRAIL

What Markstone Capital Partners founder Elliott Broidy did in exchange for
pension fund business: Gave $75,000 worth of "luxury travel" expenses to Israel
and Italy to then state Controller Alan Hevesi and his family

Paid over $90,000 to Peggy Lipton, the "girlfriend" of a top Hevesi aide, for
living expenses, rent and hospital bills.

Paid $5,500 a month to a relative of Lipton's totaling $44,000

Entered into a nearly $400,000 sham consulting agreement with the brother of
Hevesi first deputy Thomas Sanzillo

Source: Attorney general's office and various sources

klovett@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC;INFOGRAPHIC, Sources say former "Mod Squad" actress Peggy
Lipton benefited from "bribes" by investment banker Elliott Broidy. See
editorial on page 34. Photo by Richard Corkery/Daily News Alan Hevesi and
Elliott Broidy (below)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: FRONT PAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Daily News, L.P.


                             641 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The Deal Pipeline

                            February 24, 2014 Monday

California Sen. Calderon indicted for alleged bribery

BYLINE: by Kirk O'Neil

LENGTH: 404 words


California State Sen. Ron Calderon, the sponsor of the state's Medicaid
long-term care legislation that died in committee in January, agreed to
surrender to federal authorities Monday, Feb. 24, after being named in a federal
grand jury indictment accusing him of taking tens of thousands of dollars in
bribes.

Calderon was also the author of California's life settlement law that took
effect in July 2010.

Calderon, 56, a Montebello, Calif., Democrat, was charged Feb. 20 in a 24-count
indictment with bribery, mail fraud, wire fraud, honest services fraud,
conspiracy to commit money laundering, money laundering and aiding in the filing
of false tax returns, according to the indictment filed in the U.S. District
Court for the Central District of California in Los Angeles.

The charges are related to FBI investigations into Calderon allegedly taking
bribes from Michael Drobot, former owner of Pacific Hospital in Long Beach,
Calif., in exchange for favorable legislation. The bribe allegedly came in the
form of Drobot hiring Calderon's son as a file clerk and paying him about
$30,000 over three summers.

Calderon is also accused of accepting bribes from undercover FBI agents posing
as independent film studio executives also seeking favorable legislation. The
bribes allegedly came in the form of $40,000 paid to Calderon's daughter for a
job he knew she did not perform, as well as $5,000 for his son's tuition and
$25,000 for Californians for Diversity, a non-profit political organization
Ron's brother Tom Calderon operated.

If convicted of the 24 charges, Ron Calderon faces a maximum sentence of 396
years in federal prison.

Tom Calderon, who is a former member of the California State Assembly, was
charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering and seven money laundering
charges. He faces a maximum sentence of 160 years in federal prison.

Ron Calderon, the former chairman of the Senate Insurance Committee, was removed
from all of his committee posts Nov. 12.

In May, he took over sponsorship of SB 214, the state's Medicaid long-term care
bill that would have allowed insureds to sell their life insurance policies of a
minimum of $10,000 to pay for long-term care services prior to going on
Medicaid.

SB 214 died in committee when the legislative session ended Jan. 31.

Assistant U.S. attorney Douglas Miller, the lead prosecuting attorney on the
case, did not return a request for comment.

DEAL SIZE

Undisclosed

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2014 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             642 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 5, 2015 Thursday

Doctor Admits Taking Bribes In Test-Referral Scheme with New Jersey clinical lab

LENGTH: 647  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A Middlesex County doctor with practices in Jersey City, New Jersey, today
admitted accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Anthony DelPiano, 53, of Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with one count of accepting bribes.

Including DelPiano, 35 people - 24 of them doctors - have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has to date recovered more than $10.5 million through forfeiture.

According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:

DelPiano admitted he accepted bribes in return for referring patient blood
specimens to BLS and was paid approximately $2,300 per month. DelPiano's
referrals generated at least $1,752,603.24 in lab business for BLS.

On April 9, 2013, federal agents arrested David Nicoll, 40, of Mountain Lakes,
New Jersey, Scott Nicoll, 33, of Wayne, New Jersey, a senior BLS employee and
David Nicoll's brother, and Craig Nordman, 35, of Whippany, New Jersey, a BLS
employee and the CEO of Advantech Sales LLC - one of several entities used by
BLS to make illegal payments. They were charged by federal complaint with the
bribery conspiracy, along with the BLS company and Frank Santangelo, 44, of
Boonton, New Jersey. In June 2013, David and Scott Nicoll, Nordman and four
other associates of BLS pleaded guilty to charges related to their involvement.
Santangelo, a doctor, pleaded guilty in August 2013 to charges relating to his
role in the scheme

The bribery count to which DelPiano pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
May 12, 2015. As part of his guilty plea, DelPiano must forfeit $204,475,
representing the total bribe monies received from BLS.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Eric Welling; U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the direction of
Acting Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish,
Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as
Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             643 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 7, 1989, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

AD AGENCY ACCUSED OF JAMAICA BRIBES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 14C

LENGTH: 574 words


NEW HAVEN, Conn. (AP) - One of the country's largest advertising agencies was
indicted Friday on charges it paid nearly $1 million in bribes to obtain the
Jamaican Tourist Board's ad account in 1981, a federal prosecutor said.  A grand
jury returned the 43-page indictment against Young & Rubicam, three of its
current or former executives and two former Jamaican officials, said U.S.
Attorney Stanley A. Twardy.  The grand jury has been investigating the
relationship between the agency and the Caribbean nation's tourism authority
since 1986, Twardy said.  The New York-based agency, which developed the ''Come
back to Jamaica'' ad campaign, denied any impropriety.  ''We are shocked and
dismayed by this move. We believe these allegations are based on speculation and
innuendo and are without substance or merit,'' Young & Rubicam said in a 2
1/2-page statement.  Some of the alleged payoffs were routed through secret
Caribbean bank accounts, Twardy said.  Federal prosecutors opened the
investigation after reading diaries seized from author Robin Moore, formerly of
Westport, Conn., during an investigation into phony tax shelters, Twardy said.
Moore is not a target and cooperated with investigators, he said.  Young &
Rubicam, along with executive Arthur R. Klein and former executive Thomas
Spangenberg, were charged with racketeering and conspiracy to violate the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, Twardy said.  Steven M. McKenna, another Y&R
executive, was charged with perjury, Twardy said.  At the time of the alleged
offenses, Klein was an executive vice president, Spangenberg was a vice
president, and McKenna was a senior vice president. One of the three,
Spangenberg, is no longer with the firm, Twardy said.  Eric Anthony Abrahams,
Jamaica's former minister of tourism, and Arnold Foote Jr., a former adviser to
Abrahams, were charged in the indictment with racketeering, Twardy said.  In its
statement, the company maintained that it hired Foote to provide services in
Jamaica, but that the company had no idea that he was considered a public
official under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.  The statement said: ''Mr.
Foote and Mr. Abrahams both steadfastly deny there were any such payments.''

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             644 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 27, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

COMPANIES PAY CITY $600,000 IN A PACT SETTLING BRIBE CASES

BYLINE: By JOSH BARBANEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 592 words


Two private collection companies that made payoffs to obtain and keep contracts
at the city's Parking Violations Bureau have paid the city $600,000 in damages
under out-of-court settlements disclosed yesterday.

Under the agreement, the companies paid about one-and-a-half times the total
bribes that prosecutors said were extorted by the late Donald R. Manes, the
former Borough President of Queens, and Geoffrey G. Lindenauer, the former
deputy director of the bureau.

Under the out-of-court settlement Systematic Recovery Services paid the city
$450,000 in damages, while a second company, Sennet & Krumholz paid $150,000. A
Federal indictment said that Systematic Recovery had paid about $313,000 in cash
bribes, while Sennet & Krumholz had paid out $68,000 and promised the bureau's
former director, Lester N. Shafran, a $100,000 consulting contract.

Attorneys representing the two companies, said that by reaching agreement, the
city agreed to release more than $1 million in commissions it had withheld from
the companies, and permit them to continue to obtain other city contracts.

An attorney for Sennet & Krumholz, Richard Ziegler, said that the company agreed
to sign ''to assure its ability to continue to do work for city agencies, and to
expedite the payment of a substantial sum of overdue fees.''

Would Not Be Disqualified

The city, for its part, agreed not to automatically disqualify them from
competing for other city contracts, but reserved the right to ''take into
account all information about the past performance'' of a company, according to
Frederick P. Schaffer, an associate Corporation Counsel.

In addition, under the agreements, if the companies were found to have paid
significantly higher illegal payments than specified in the indictment, the city
reserved the right to sue for additional damages.

The city's Corporation Counsel, Frederick A. O. Schwarz Jr., said that the
settlements were the first tangible results of a city campaign to collect
damages for bribes paid in connection with a municipal corruption scandal that
has enveloped several city agencies.

Another collection company is on the verge of signing a similar agreement,
according to city lawyers, who said they planned to file suit against six
additional collection companies in connection with tens of thousands of dollars
in bribe payments. City attorneys also said that discussions were under way with
Marlene Manes, Mr. Manes's widow, to recover bribes he is accused of having
received from collection companies.

The settlement with Systematic Recovery was signed in mid-March, and a separate
agreement with Sennet & Krumholz was signed on June 4. City officials said they
had withheld information on the agreements in order not to influence
negotiations under way with other companies.

Did Not Admit Guilt

In the settlement, the two collection companies did not admit any guilt, and in
negotiations, vigorously maintained that they were the innocent victims of
extortion.

In a related matter, a former sanitation worker pleaded guilty yesterday to a
fraud charge in connection with payoffs by a third collection company.
Prosecutors said that the sanitation worker, Michael J. Shaheen, passed along
cash payments to another man, identified only as ''Mr. X,'' who passed along
payments to Mr. Lindenauer and Mr. Manes.

Mr. Shaheen pleaded guilty to one count of fraud before Judge Mary Johnson Lowe
in Federal District Court in Manhattan. The charge carries a maximum sentence of
five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             645 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             July 22, 2004 Thursday

Bill ups punishment for licensing bribes

BYLINE: Scott Miller

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 344 words


SPRINGFIELD -- In the wake of the licenses-for-bribes scandal, Illinois
lawmakers are getting tougher on Illinois'"culture of corruption."

Gov. Rod Blagojevich signed legislation Wednesday extending felony penalties to
commercial driving school instructors and trucking companies that give favorable
driving test scores in exchange for bribes. Anyone offering bribes to private
driving examiners also faces punishment.

"A bribe takes two people, one to make the offer and one to accept. We must be
able to punish both sides. We must take measures to restore the public's trust
and be tough on anyone who offers or takes a bribe," Blagojevich stated in a
news release.

Now, all offenders can be charged with a Class 2 felony punishable by three to
seven years in prison and up to a $25,000 fine. Previously, this punishment only
applied to public officials, including examiners with the secretary of state's
office.

The new law extends punishments to any public or private entity able to test
drivers and anyone offering them a bribe.

Also, the new law allows Secretary of State Jesse White to suspend for up to 120
days the driver's license of anyone caught giving a bribe to a license examiner.

"We will not tolerate bribes that put unqualified drivers on the road," White
said. "A driver's license in the hands of an unskilled driver places all other
motorists at risk."

Jim Burns, inspector general for the secretary of state, said bribery cases have
decreased the past few years, but the need to prosecute both sides of a bribe
still exists.

"We should not lose sight of the fact that the so-called culture of corruption
included the driving applicants as well as employees and driving schools," Burns
said.

About 70 people, including former Gov. George Ryan, have been charged in the
federal government's six-year Operation Safe Road investigation. Investigators
have been looking into driver's license bribery and other corruption at the
secretary of state's office dating from Ryan tenure as secretary of state in the
1990s.

The legislation is Senate Bill 2167.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                             646 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 14, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

State Agency Official Admits Agreeing to Accept a Bribe

BYLINE: By KEVIN FLYNN

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 774 words


The Manhattan District Attorney's office has subpoenaed some records of the
Empire State Development Corporation in an investigation that led to an
official's admission that he agreed to accept a bribe to help place a statue in
Battery Park City, according to people who have been briefed on the case.

The official, Paolo Palumbo, pleaded guilty in a closed court proceeding on June
22 to agreeing to take a bribe from a manager for an Italian artist, Ugo
Attardi, those people said.

Mr. Attardi's bronze statue of Ulysses stands in a grove of trees at Battery
Park City, just south of the North Cove Yacht Harbor.

The agency, which seeks to improve business opportunities in New York, has
received at least three subpoenas from prosecutors, including a request for
documents that might detail any contacts with several corporations in Brooklyn
and Westchester County.

A spokeswoman for the agency, Maura Gallucci, declined to comment on the
subpoenas, but said the corporation was cooperating fully.  "Everything done
here at Empire State was done in an appropriate manner," she said.

Ms. Gallucci said that the agency had no role in placing the statue and that its
officials did not believe that investigators had uncovered any evidence of
wrongdoing at the agency.

"It's not unusual for someone who has pleaded guilty to save himself to try to
point fingers at others," she said.

Mr. Palumbo resigned last month from his job as deputy commissioner of the
development corporation's international division, several weeks after pleading
guilty.

Ms. Gallucci said officials at the agency had not been told of Mr. Palumbo's
plea, which has been sealed, according to court officials. The plea was first
reported in The Daily News yesterday.

Mr. Palumbo had served as a deputy commissioner since 1995 and was responsible
for creating overseas business opportunities for New York corporations and
assisting foreign companies looking to do business in the state. His salary was
$91,877 a year.

The statue in question was donated to the Battery Park City Authority, a state
agency, in May 1997 to honor Italian-Americans who entered America through Ellis
Island, said Tim Carey, the authority's president.

Mr. Carey said investigators requested records relating to the artwork several
months ago. But he said he did not know what role Mr. Palumbo or other state
officials might have played in placing the statue because that happened at least
two years ago, before he worked for the authority.

People who have been briefed on the criminal complaint filed against Mr. Palumbo
said that it accused him of agreeing to accept some "benefit" from the
unidentified manager for the artist in 1997 and 1998 in exchange for his help in
placing the sculpture.

The motive for putting the sculpture at Battery Park City remains unclear, but
New York artists said there is a clear benefit to having a work prominently
displayed.

"Having a sculpture in a prestigious location would help the career of any
artist," said William Crovello, a sculptor based in Manhattan.

According to a statement released by the authority, the sculptor, Mr. Attardi,
76, has exhibited in Venice, Milan, London, Berlin, Paris and New York. He could
not be reached for comment.

At Battery Park City, officials said they saw no reason to do anything now other
than to admire the statue they were given.

"If, in fact, it is found that, for some reason, this work of art has been
tainted in some way by human frailty," said Mr. Carey, "we will take a look at
whether there should be any activity on our part."

Mr. Palumbo is identified as John Doe in the sealed court documents that record
his June 22 guilty plea, according to records on file at Manhattan Criminal
Court. The sealing of a plea in a criminal case is unusual and often indicates
that a defendant has agreed to cooperate with the authorities.

Steven Rubin, a lawyer whose firm is representing Mr. Palumbo, declined to
comment on the case, as did a spokeswoman for the Manhattan District Attorney's
office, Barbara Thompson.

Associates of Mr. Palumbo said that prior to his state job, he had taught
Italian literature at Fordham University and had owned the Egidio Pastry Shop in
the Belmont section of the Bronx.

State officials said the first request for records was sent to the Empire State
Development Corporation late last year. There have been at least two subsequent
subpoenas, they said.

Among the records sought have been the phone logs, travel records and
appointment calendars of agency executives, including those of the corporation's
chairman, Charles Gargano, they said.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Paolo Palumbo, a former official, admitted agreeing to take a
bribe. (1994); A bronze statue of Ulysses by Ugo Attardi at Battery Park City.
The work, now the centerpiece of a prosecutor's inquiry, was donated in May
1997. (Photographs by Frances Roberts for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             647 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 2, 1990, TUESDAY, THREE STAR Edition

WOLFSON, OTHERS DENY ATTEMPT TO BRIBE IRS AGENT 4 ACCUSED OF TRYING TO ALTER;
FLORIDA FIRM'S RECORDS

BYLINE: Tim Bryant Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 440 words


Jeffrey A. Wolfson and three other men accused of trying to bribe an Internal
Revenue Service agent pleaded not guilty Monday. They were scheduled to go on
trial next month. Wolfson, 42, of Chesterfield was formerly a business partner
of Ralph E.  Kaufman at R.E.K. Industries. Wolfson, John Marzullo, Sime Dijan
and Carl Pugliese Jr. all entered innocent pleas before Senior U.S. District
Judge John F. Nangle, who scheduled their trial to begin Nov. 26.  An indictment
returned last month said the four men had taken part in a scheme to pay bribes
totaling $230,000 to an IRS agent to alter tax records of Envirocon
International Corp., an asbestos removal company in Tampa, Fla.  Dijan, 52, of
St. Petersburg, Fla., was president of the company, the indictment said.
Marzullo, 44, of Boca Raton, Fla., controlled the company's finances. The
indictment said the defendants had conspired to wipe out $2 million in
employment taxes owed by Envirocon, which had offices in St.  Louis and Kansas
City.  Two men charged in the indictment have pleaded guilty. Bruce B. Margo,
44, of Boca Raton, Fla., pleaded guilty Friday, admitting to Nangle that he
delivered some bribe money. No sentencing date has been set.  Howard Bloom, 39,
of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., pleaded guilty last month. He admitting participating
in a scheme to pay the IRS agent $35,000 to ''fix'' Bloom's delinquent federal
income taxes. The investigation began after the agent, who is yet to be publicly
identified, reported a bribe offer to authorities.  Wolfson is a former officer
of R.E.K. He is charged with conspiracy, bribery, money laundering and wire
fraud. Kaufman, former president of R.E.K., was found dead in January. His death
was ruled a suicide.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             648 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                          December 7, 1977, Wednesday

BYLINE: BY SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section 2; Page 2, Column 1

LENGTH: 128 words

NYC Comr of Investigation Nicholas Scoppetta dislcoses that 2-yr inquiry has
undercovered pattern of widespread routine payoffs by Manhattan restaurants to
city health inspectors.  States that because of findings, Health Department for
first time would move to revoke or suspend licenses of any restaurant owner
found to have offered or paid bribe to inspector.  Notes that 7 restaurants
accused of offering bribes, ranging from free meal to $40, now face
administrative hearings.  Explains that restaurateurs and reprs of NYC
restaurant industry acknowledge that giving bribes or tips to inspectors was
commonplace.  Questions claim by restaurateurs that inspectors applied subtle
pressure in solicting bribes.  Hints that inspectors are also being investigated
(M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 341-7

              Copyright 1977 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             649 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               March 11, 1987, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

CHIEF WITNESS AGAINST TUROFF RECALLS CONVERSATION ON DEAL

BYLINE: By JESUS RANGEL

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 410 words


The chief witness against Jay L. Turoff, the former head of the New York City
agency that regulates taxis, said under cross-examination yesterday that Mr.
Turoff did not directly ask him for a bribe but that a request for money was
implied in a conversation they had.

Testifying under immunity from prosecution, the witness, Edmund Lee, the former
treasurer and chief executive officer of the Hyfin Credit Union in Brooklyn,
also said he transferred bribe money to Mr. Turoff's savings account twice
without the knowledge of Mr. Turoff, who then headed the city's Taxi and
Limousine Commission.

The questioning by Mr. Turoff's lawyers in the Federal District Court trial in
Brooklyn was intended to show that Mr. Turoff did not solicit a bribe in
exchange for requiring taxi owners to use electronic taxi meters, as Federal
prosecutors have charged.

The prosecutors have asserted that Mr. Turoff and his three co-defendants,
Harriet and Alan Silver and Herman Schwartz, conspired to form a company to
produce electronic meters and that Mr. Turoff tried to create a monopoly by
requiring all taxi owners to purchase them.

The company, according to the prosecutors, was financed by money siphoned from
Hyfin through Mr. Lee.

Mr. Lee said it was his understanding that Mr. Turoff was asking for a bribe in
a conversation they held in April 1983. In the conversation, Mr. Lee said, Mr.
Turoff ''inferred very strongly, 'Don't forget who's helping you.' ''

Based on that comment, Mr. Lee testified, he believed that Mr. Turoff was asking
him for a bribe.

Two Equal Payments

Later that year, Mr. Lee said, Mr. Turoff told him that ''there should be
something in it'' for Mr. Turoff.

They agreed that Mr. Turoff would get $30,000, the witness said. Mr. Lee said
that he deposited the money in two equal payments in Mr. Turoff's account at
Hyfin but that Mr. Turoff did not know about the deposits at the time.

When questioned by Edward Rappaport, Mr. Turoff's lawyer, Mr. Lee said that
after he told Mr. Turoff about the deposits, ''he didn't object one iota.''

Defense lawyers contend that Mr. Lee is a liar who stole millions of dollars
from Hyfin and that he is merely trying to protect himself.

Mr. Lee has acknowledged he was promised immunity from prosecution and a
recommendation for leniency when sentenced. He pleaded guilty last April to
charges of conspiracy and fraud and faces up to 20 years in prison and fines of
up to $750,000.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             650 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 9, 2015 Thursday

Former Military Contractor Sentenced to 54 Months in Prison for Paying Bribe to
Army Officer During Iraq War

LENGTH: 385  words


A former military contractor who ran two Kuwaiti companies during the Iraq War
was sentenced today to 54 months in prison for paying a $15,000 bribe to a
lieutenant in the Army National Guard in exchange for the award of a contract.
Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger of the Eastern District
of Pennsylvania made the announcement.


George H. Lee, 71, of Philadelphia, was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Joel H.
Slomsky of the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.
In connection with his guilty plea, Lee admitted that, as the president and
chief executive officer of American Logistics Services (ALS), a Kuwaiti company
providing supplies to the U.S. military in Iraq, he paid a $15,000 bribe to
former Lieutenant Markus E. McClain in exchange for favorable official action in
the awarding of an extension of a lucrative bus contract to ALS.  Specifically,
Lee admitted that, in August 2004, several of his employees met with former
Lieutenant McClain at Camp Arifjan, Kuwait, and offered McClain $15,000 and a
Rolex watch in exchange for former Lieutenant McClain's assistance in getting
the contract extension to ALS.  Former Lieutenant McClain ultimately accepted
the bribe payment.
During the sentencing hearing, the court also made specific findings that Lee
directed the payment of over $1 million in bribes to other Army personnel.
Former Lieutenant McClain previously pleaded guilty to one count of accepting a
gratuity, and will be sentenced on Oct. 23, 2015.  In addition, Lee's son,
Justin Lee, previously pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit
bribery and four counts of bribery for his role in the scheme, and is scheduled
to be sentenced on Oct. 29, 2015.
The case is being investigated by the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command,
the Defense Criminal Investigative Service and the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and previously was investigated by
the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction.  The case
is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys John Keller and Richard Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section and the U.S. Attorney's Office of
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             651 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday

Chase Banker Sent to Prison for Taking Bribes in Secondary Mortgage Market
Admits Taking Hundreds of Thousands of Dollars in Bribes in Return for Steering
Mortgage Loans to Her Co-Conspirators

LENGTH: 1089  words


SAN DIEGO-Lynda Sanabria, a J.P. Morgan Chase banker, was sentenced today to six
months in prison, followed by six months of home confinement, for her role in a
commercial bribery and tax evasion scheme. Sanabria admitted accepting hundreds
of thousands of dollars in bribes while she was employed at Chase, in return for
selling mortgage loans to her preferred customers on the secondary mortgage
market. She was also ordered to pay $40,420.50 in restitution to the IRS.


As part of her October 2014 guilty plea, Sanabria admitted that between 2004 and
2010, she used her position and influence at Chase to ensure that her preferred
customers won their bids to purchase the loans. One of Sanabria's preferred
customers was Israel Hechter, the owner of San Diego-based mortgage investment
firms Ocean 18, LLC, and Note Tracker Corporation. Sanabria would provide
Hechter with confidential information about competitors' bids and about the
loans Chase offered for sale. In exchange, Hechter paid Sanabria a fixed payment
of up to $300 per loan, which over time totaled at least $210,000 in bribes. On
one occasion in 2004, Hechter delivered around $70,000, which Sanabria used to
buy property in Lake Havasu, Arizona. By 2008, Hechter stopped reporting the
illegal payments to the Internal Revenue Service, and Sanabria stopped paying
taxes on the illegal income. As noted in Sanabria's guilty plea, Hechter later
referred to the payments as birthday gifts or consulting fees, in order to
disguise the fact that he was paying for influence over her decisions at Chase.

In Hechter's September 2014 guilty plea, he admitted that he paid $1 million
dollars in bribes to Sanabria and other bankers at GMAC Mortgage and National
City Bank. In order to make sure that Hechter's bids were successful, the
bankers corrupted the process by altering bids, rejecting other bids, and
erasing or ignoring bids from qualified competitors. The bankers also rigged the
bidding process by supplying Hechter with confidential information about prices
and competing bids.
Robert Moreno, of GMAC, was one of the other bankers to receive bribes from
Israel Hechter. Moreno pleaded guilty in October 2014, and admitted that he
accepted more than $1 million in bribes from Hechter and other GMAC customers,
including Ben Keisari. Keisari also pleaded guilty to participating in the
bribery scheme.
After purchasing the mortgages from the various financial institutions, Hechter
pooled the loans and sold shares of the pools to investors, usually friends and
family members including his father, Zeev Hechter, his brother, Amir Hechter,
and his employee, Jack Prober, each of whom also invested in the pools. After
purchasing the loans, Ocean 18, LLC would service them and collect monthly
payments from the borrowers, or would initiate foreclosure proceedings when the
borrowers defaulted. The investors made money when borrowers made payments, sold
the properties, or after foreclosure and re-sale.  Zeev Hechter, Amir Hechter,
and Prober each also pleaded guilty and admitted that they participated in the
bribery on behalf of Ocean 18, LLC. Both Prober and Amir Hechter admitted
writing personal checks to the bankers in order to assist the bankers in evading
taxes on the illegal income. Zeev Hechter admitted hand-delivering approximately
$330,000 in cash to GMAC banker Moreno. Zeev Hechter met Moreno on New York City
street corners and at Zeev Hechter's car wash, where Zeev Hechter would hand
Moreno a bag containing tens of thousands of dollars in cash. The money was paid
in this way so that Moreno could avoid reporting the income to the IRS, and
evade paying income taxes.
Sanabria was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Roger T. Benitez. She was the
third defendant to be sentenced in this case. On March 2, 2015, Judge Benitez
sentenced Zeev Hechter to six months in custody, a $50,000 fine and $165,000 in
restitution. On May 11, 2015, Judge Benitez sentenced Amir Hechter to 18 months
in prison for his role in the offense, and ordered him to pay a $25,000 fine and
restitution of $63,474. Israel Hechter, Robert Moreno, and Jack Prober are each
scheduled to be sentenced on August 3, 2015, at 9:00 a.m.. Ben Keisari is
scheduled to be sentenced on September 8, 2015, at 9:00 a.m.. Each of these
defendants will also be sentenced by Judge Benitez.
The swift resolution of these bribery and tax charges was the result of
coordinated investigations by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Federal
Housing Finance Agency-Office of Inspector General, and Internal Revenue
Service, Criminal Investigation.
"These defendants manipulated a fragile market at a critical time in our
country's efforts to recover from the financial crisis," said U.S. Attorney
Laura Duffy. "We will continue to root out corporate corruption and vigorously
pursue those who abuse their positions for personal profit."
FBI Special Agent in Charge Eric S. Birnbaum commented, "Ms. Sanabria occupied a
position of trust within the financial industry and used her position and
influence for her own personal financial gain. Today's sentencing demonstrates
the FBI's commitment to hold accountable those who violate the public's trust
and confidence in our financial system."
"As the defendants in this case have learned, IRS Criminal Investigation will
not stand still while bank employees and their cohorts attempt to corrupt the
financial services industry," said Erick Martinez, Special Agent in Charge of
IRS Criminal Investigation. "IRS-CI is committed to following the evidence to
ensure that those who engage in the acceptance or offer of bribery payments for
personal gain are vigorously investigated and brought to justice."
Defendant Sentenced Today:
Lynda Sanabria, 14CR2980-BEN; Age: 51; Rockwall, TX
Additional Defendants:
Israel Hechter, 14CR2703-BEN; Age: 47; San Diego, CA
Amir Hechter, 14CR2701-BEN; Age: 42; San Diego, CA
Jack Prober, 14CR2704-BEN; Age: 56; La Jolla, CA
Zeev Hechter, 14CR2702-BEN; Age: 68; Aventura, FL
Robert Moreno, 14CR2277-BEN; Age: 42; Tempe, AZ
Ben Keisari, 15CR0550-BEN; Age: 31; Woodland Hills, CA
Charges:
Conspiracy to commit bank bribery and tax evasion, in violation of 18 U.S.C. §
371.
Maximum Penalties: five years' imprisonment, $250,000 fine or twice the
pecuniary gain or loss resulting from the offense, $100 special assessment,
restitution.
Agencies:
Federal Bureau of Investigation
Federal Housing Finance Agency-Office of Inspector General
Internal Revenue Service, Criminal Investigation 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             652 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Department of Justice Seeks Recovery of Approximately $1,528,000 in
Bribes Paid to a Honduran Official

LENGTH: 777  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

The Department of Justice filed today a civil forfeiture complaint seeking the
forfeiture of nine properties worth approximately $1,528,000 that were allegedly
purchased with funds traceable to a $2 million bribe paid by a Honduran
information-technology company to the former Executive Director of the Honduran
Institute of Social Security.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Polite, Jr. of the Eastern District of
Louisiana and Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge of U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) made the
announcement.

"Mario Zelaya was the director of Honduras's social security agency, but instead
of building a social safety net for his country's citizens, he allegedly used
his position of public trust to steal public money for himself," said Assistant
Attorney General Caldwell.  "Our action today highlights how the Criminal
Division's Kleptocracy Initiative, with our network of law enforcement partners
around the globe, will trace and recover the ill-gotten gains of corrupt
officials.  Criminals should make no mistake:  the United States is not a safe
haven for the proceeds of your crimes.  If you hide or invest your stolen money
here, we will use all the legal tools we have to find it and seize it."

"The United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana is
committed to working with our law enforcement partners, both domestically and
internationally, to ensure that this district is not used to launder corruptly
obtained funds, no matter the source of the corruption," said U.S. Attorney
Polite.

"ICE's Homeland Security Investigations will continue to work in cooperation
with our international law enforcement partners to ensure that our country is
not used as a safe haven for corrupt foreign officials to hide their assets,"
said HSI Executive Associate Director Edge.

From 2010 to 2014, Dr. Mario Roberto Zelaya Rojas, 46, of Tegucigalpa, Honduras,
served as the Executive Director of the Honduran Institute of Social Security
(HISS), a Honduran Government agency that provides social security services,
including workers' compensation, retirement, maternity, and death benefits.
According to allegations in the forfeiture complaint, Zelaya solicited and
accepted $2.08 million in bribes from Compania De Servicios Multiples, S. de R.
L. (COSEM) in exchange for prioritizing and expediting payments owed to COSEM
under a $19 million contract with HISS.  Zelaya also allegedly instructed COSEM
to make bribe payments to two members of the Board of Directors of HISS charged
with overseeing the COSEM contract.  To conceal the illicit payments, COSEM
allegedly sent the bribes through its affiliate company, CA Technologies.

As further alleged in the complaint, the bribe proceeds were then laundered into
the United States and used by Zelaya and his brother, Carlos Alberto Zelaya
Rojas, to acquire real estate in the New Orleans area.  Certain properties were
titled in the name of companies nominally controlled by Zelaya's brother in an
effort to conceal the illicit source of the funds as well as the beneficial
owner.  The current action seeks forfeiture of nine properties acquired with the
proceeds of Zelaya's alleged bribery scheme.

The investigation was conducted by HSI's New Orleans and Miami Field Offices.
The case is being handled by Trial Attorneys Stephen A. Gibbons and Marybeth
Grunstra of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel P. Friel of the Eastern District of
Louisiana.  Substantial assistance was provided by the Public Ministry of the
Republic of Honduras and the HSI Attaché Tegucigalpa.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative.  Under
that initiative, dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset
Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section work in partnership with U.S. Attorneys'
Offices and federal law enforcement agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign
official corruption and, where possible and appropriate, put forfeited
corruption proceeds to use for the benefit of the people of the country harmed
by the abuse of public office.  Individuals with information about possible
proceeds of foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States
should contact federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

Email links icon
.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             653 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Department of Justice Seeks Recovery of Approximately $1,528,000 in
Bribes Paid to a Honduran Official

LENGTH: 777  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

The Department of Justice filed today a civil forfeiture complaint seeking the
forfeiture of nine properties worth approximately $1,528,000 that were allegedly
purchased with funds traceable to a $2 million bribe paid by a Honduran
information-technology company to the former Executive Director of the Honduran
Institute of Social Security.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Polite, Jr. of the Eastern District of
Louisiana and Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge of U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) made the
announcement.

"Mario Zelaya was the director of Honduras's social security agency, but instead
of building a social safety net for his country's citizens, he allegedly used
his position of public trust to steal public money for himself," said Assistant
Attorney General Caldwell.  "Our action today highlights how the Criminal
Division's Kleptocracy Initiative, with our network of law enforcement partners
around the globe, will trace and recover the ill-gotten gains of corrupt
officials.  Criminals should make no mistake:  the United States is not a safe
haven for the proceeds of your crimes.  If you hide or invest your stolen money
here, we will use all the legal tools we have to find it and seize it."

"The United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Louisiana is
committed to working with our law enforcement partners, both domestically and
internationally, to ensure that this district is not used to launder corruptly
obtained funds, no matter the source of the corruption," said U.S. Attorney
Polite.

"ICE's Homeland Security Investigations will continue to work in cooperation
with our international law enforcement partners to ensure that our country is
not used as a safe haven for corrupt foreign officials to hide their assets,"
said HSI Executive Associate Director Edge.

From 2010 to 2014, Dr. Mario Roberto Zelaya Rojas, 46, of Tegucigalpa, Honduras,
served as the Executive Director of the Honduran Institute of Social Security
(HISS), a Honduran Government agency that provides social security services,
including workers' compensation, retirement, maternity, and death benefits.
According to allegations in the forfeiture complaint, Zelaya solicited and
accepted $2.08 million in bribes from Compania De Servicios Multiples, S. de R.
L. (COSEM) in exchange for prioritizing and expediting payments owed to COSEM
under a $19 million contract with HISS.  Zelaya also allegedly instructed COSEM
to make bribe payments to two members of the Board of Directors of HISS charged
with overseeing the COSEM contract.  To conceal the illicit payments, COSEM
allegedly sent the bribes through its affiliate company, CA Technologies.

As further alleged in the complaint, the bribe proceeds were then laundered into
the United States and used by Zelaya and his brother, Carlos Alberto Zelaya
Rojas, to acquire real estate in the New Orleans area.  Certain properties were
titled in the name of companies nominally controlled by Zelaya's brother in an
effort to conceal the illicit source of the funds as well as the beneficial
owner.  The current action seeks forfeiture of nine properties acquired with the
proceeds of Zelaya's alleged bribery scheme.

The investigation was conducted by HSI's New Orleans and Miami Field Offices.
The case is being handled by Trial Attorneys Stephen A. Gibbons and Marybeth
Grunstra of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Daniel P. Friel of the Eastern District of
Louisiana.  Substantial assistance was provided by the Public Ministry of the
Republic of Honduras and the HSI Attaché Tegucigalpa.

This case was brought under the Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative.  Under
that initiative, dedicated prosecutors in the Criminal Division's Asset
Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section work in partnership with U.S. Attorneys'
Offices and federal law enforcement agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign
official corruption and, where possible and appropriate, put forfeited
corruption proceeds to use for the benefit of the people of the country harmed
by the abuse of public office.  Individuals with information about possible
proceeds of foreign corruption located in or laundered through the United States
should contact federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

Email links icon
.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             654 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                         January 13, 1999, CITY EDITION

Irish IOC member defends Samaranch in bribes crisis

BYLINE: By JOHNNY WATTERSON

SECTION: FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 309 words


The President of the Olympic Council of Ireland, and member of the International
Olympic Committee, Mr Pat Hickey, has defended the IOC president, Mr Juan
Antonio Samaranch, over his handling of the crisis involving corruption and
bribes in the Olympic movement.

Mr Hickey also said that neither he nor Dr Kevin O'Flanagan, an honorary member
of the IOC, had ever been offered a bribe in their capacity as Olympic members.

The Olympic movement is in turmoil over allegations that Salt Lake City
officials bribed IOC members when the Utah venue successfully bid for the 2002
winter Olympics. The FBI is investigating the allegations.

A number of Salt Lake officials involved in bringing the winter games to the
Mormon city have re signed amid allegations of payments of as much as $ 70,000,
lavish gifts, including full education for IOC members' children, and the use of
the Salt Lake organising committee's credit cards to buy sexual favours for IOC
dignitaries.

The former head of the Salt lake organising committee, Mr Tom Welch, admitted he
had a fund of hundreds of thousands of dollars for financial offerings to
Olympic personnel, but said he never bribed anyone. "We never bought a vote."
"I've never been offered a bribe," Mr Hickey said yesterday. "Kevin O'Flanagan
has also told me that in all his years as a member he has never once been
offered a bribe. I suppose it is a general opinion that western Europeans
wouldn't be into that scene, but I can say I was never offered a bribe."

Mr Hickey also stressed that no Irish Olympic officials was involved in the
current investigations.

Mr Samaranch, speaking in Warsaw, promised to punish any IOC members implicated
in the scandal. "We are going to act very fast. If it turns out the behaviour of
some IOC members was reprehensible, they will have to bear the consequences," he
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 1999 The Irish Times


                             655 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                   November 30, 2004 Tuesday ST. PAUL EDITION

BRIBE OR SHAKEDOWN? JURY WILL DECIDE
DEVELOPER GAVE $5,000 TO OFFICIAL

BYLINE: DAVID HANNERSPioneer Press

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 502 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


Was the $5,000 that changed hands between a Minneapolis developer and a City
Council member as they sat in an SUV outside a Taco Bell on Lake Street a bribe
by the businessman, or a shakedown by the politician?

Jurors in the opening day of the federal bribery trial of developer Basim Sabri
were told that, in essence, is what they'll have to decide. In opening
statements in the case being tried in St. Paul, the prosecution and defense drew
different conclusions about why Sabri gave the money to then-Minneapolis Council
Member Brian Herron.

"What he wanted was the influence and support of that city councilman,"
Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Ward told the jury.

Sabri was indicted in August 2001 for allegedly bribing and trying to bribe
Herron. The government claims the developer wanted to build a motel near Lake
Street and Interstate 35, and sought to bribe Herron to make sure the plan
received quick approval from the city.

But Herron -- who had been caught in an FBI sting involving payments he had
demanded from another developer -- told federal agents about Sabri's alleged
bribe. Agents videotaped and recorded at least three meetings between the
council member and Sabri.

In a snippet of one of those tapes that Ward played for the jury in his opening
remarks, Sabri lays out the alleged scheme: He'd pay Herron $5,000 for
marshaling City Council support for the motel project; he'd pay him another
$10,000 if the city threatened the current owner of the land with eminent domain
in an attempt to get the owner to sell it to Sabri; and Sabri would give Herron
a 10 percent kickback on any federal economic development grant money Herron
helped secure.

"I'm gonna do this 'cause I love you," Sabri says to the council member on one
of the tapes, filmed by a camera secreted under the passenger-side dashboard of
Herron's SUV.

On another tape, after they discuss aspects of the deal, Sabri says to Herron:
"You should be proud to be working with me, man."

Herron pleaded guilty to a charge of extortion and served a year in federal
prison. Ward told jurors the former council member will be among the
government's witnesses.

But defense attorney Andrew Birrell told jurors the case they'll hear "proves
the old adage that things aren't always what they seem."

For years, Herron had been extorting money from immigrant businessmen in his
ward, Birrell claimed. Sabri's arrest, he argued, was the result of entrapment
engineered by Herron to ensure more lenient treatment from the FBI and
prosecutors in his own case.

Because of the political clout Herron wielded, Sabri felt he couldn't go to the
police or other authorities to report Herron's demands for money, Birrell said.

"He thought he'd just have to live with these shakedowns from Herron because he
couldn't go to the police," the defense lawyer said.

The trial, before U.S. District Judge Richard Kyle, continues today.

David Hanners can be reached at dhanners@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5551.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: Basim Sabri; Brian Herron

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                             656 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Former Guinean Minister of Mines Charged with Receiving and
Laundering $8.5 Million in Bribes from Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The former Minister of Mines and Geology of the Republic of Guinea was arrested
and charged today with laundering proceeds from bribes that he allegedly
received from two Chinese companies that are part of a Chinese conglomerate in
exchange for official actions he took to secure valuable mining rights for the
conglomerate.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New
York, Assistant Director Stephen Richardson of the FBI's Criminal Investigative
Division, and Assistant Director in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. of the FBI's
New York Field Office made the announcement.



 "Former Minister Thiam is accused of enriching himself at the expense of the
people of the Republic of Guinea," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.
"We cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of official
corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay bribes,
and also the corrupt officials who receive them."



 "Mahmoud Thiam, a former high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his
position to accept millions in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered
the money through New York," said U.S. Attorney Bharara.  "Thiam, a U.S.
citizen, will now face justice in a federal court."



 "This arrest exemplifies the commitment to personnel and resources the FBI
continues to make towards combating corruption," said Assistant Director
Richardson.  "The FBI looks forward to the development of those relationships
with our partners both in the United States and around the world."



 "Today's action shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to
investigating all levels of corruption," said Assistant Director in Charge
Sweeney.  "The United States will be relentless in its efforts to uphold fair,
equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use corruption for
personal gain will not be tolerated."



 Mahmoud Thiam, 50, a U.S. citizen residing in New York City, was charged by
complaint with two counts of money laundering.  Thiam was arrested this morning
and made his initial appearance this afternoon before a magistrate judge in the
Southern District of New York.



 The complaint alleges that in 2009 and 2010, Thiam took part in a scheme to
launder, into the United States and elsewhere, approximately $8.5 million in
bribes he received from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate.  In
exchange for the bribes, Thiam allegedly used his official position in the
Guinean government to enable affiliates of the Chinese conglomerate to obtain
exclusive and highly-valuable investment rights in a wide range of sectors of
the Guinean economy, including near total control of Guinea's valuable mining
sector.



 In order to conceal the bribes, Thiam allegedly opened a bank account in Hong
Kong and misreported his occupation to conceal his status as a government
official.  Thiam later transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds into
the United States, where he allegedly lied to two U.S. banks to conceal both his
position as a foreign government official and the source of the funds.  Thiam
allegedly spent the bribe proceeds on, among other things, construction work on
his estate in upstate New York.



 A complaint is merely an allegation, and the defendant is presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.



 The FBI's International Corruption Squads in New York City and Los Angeles are
investigating the case.  In 2015, the FBI formed International Corruption Squads
across the country to address national and international implications of foreign
corruption.



 Assistant Chief Tarek Helou, Senior Trial Attorney Jason Linder and Trial
Attorney Sarah Edwards of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section, Senior Trial
Attorney Steven Parker of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section (AFMLS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Elisha Kobre of the
Southern District of New York are prosecuting the case.  AFMLS Trial Attorney
Alexis Loeb previously investigated the case.  The Criminal Division's Office of
International Affairs also provided substantial assistance in this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             657 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 14, 2016 Wednesday

Washington: Former Guinean Minister of Mines Charged with Receiving and
Laundering $8.5 Million in Bribes from Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 736  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The former Minister of Mines and Geology of the Republic of Guinea was arrested
and charged today with laundering proceeds from bribes that he allegedly
received from two Chinese companies that are part of a Chinese conglomerate in
exchange for official actions he took to secure valuable mining rights for the
conglomerate.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New
York, Assistant Director Stephen Richardson of the FBI's Criminal Investigative
Division, and Assistant Director in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. of the FBI's
New York Field Office made the announcement.



 "Former Minister Thiam is accused of enriching himself at the expense of the
people of the Republic of Guinea," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.
"We cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of official
corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay bribes,
and also the corrupt officials who receive them."



 "Mahmoud Thiam, a former high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his
position to accept millions in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered
the money through New York," said U.S. Attorney Bharara.  "Thiam, a U.S.
citizen, will now face justice in a federal court."



 "This arrest exemplifies the commitment to personnel and resources the FBI
continues to make towards combating corruption," said Assistant Director
Richardson.  "The FBI looks forward to the development of those relationships
with our partners both in the United States and around the world."



 "Today's action shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to
investigating all levels of corruption," said Assistant Director in Charge
Sweeney.  "The United States will be relentless in its efforts to uphold fair,
equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use corruption for
personal gain will not be tolerated."



 Mahmoud Thiam, 50, a U.S. citizen residing in New York City, was charged by
complaint with two counts of money laundering.  Thiam was arrested this morning
and made his initial appearance this afternoon before a magistrate judge in the
Southern District of New York.



 The complaint alleges that in 2009 and 2010, Thiam took part in a scheme to
launder, into the United States and elsewhere, approximately $8.5 million in
bribes he received from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate.  In
exchange for the bribes, Thiam allegedly used his official position in the
Guinean government to enable affiliates of the Chinese conglomerate to obtain
exclusive and highly-valuable investment rights in a wide range of sectors of
the Guinean economy, including near total control of Guinea's valuable mining
sector.



 In order to conceal the bribes, Thiam allegedly opened a bank account in Hong
Kong and misreported his occupation to conceal his status as a government
official.  Thiam later transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds into
the United States, where he allegedly lied to two U.S. banks to conceal both his
position as a foreign government official and the source of the funds.  Thiam
allegedly spent the bribe proceeds on, among other things, construction work on
his estate in upstate New York.



 A complaint is merely an allegation, and the defendant is presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.



 The FBI's International Corruption Squads in New York City and Los Angeles are
investigating the case.  In 2015, the FBI formed International Corruption Squads
across the country to address national and international implications of foreign
corruption.



 Assistant Chief Tarek Helou, Senior Trial Attorney Jason Linder and Trial
Attorney Sarah Edwards of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section, Senior Trial
Attorney Steven Parker of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section (AFMLS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Elisha Kobre of the
Southern District of New York are prosecuting the case.  AFMLS Trial Attorney
Alexis Loeb previously investigated the case.  The Criminal Division's Office of
International Affairs also provided substantial assistance in this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             658 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             April 2, 2015 Thursday

Experts: Expose ones who give cash

LENGTH: 415  words


People who pay bribes should be exposed and punished in the same way as those
who accept them, judicial experts said after an official in Hebei province was
arrested on suspicion of making illegal payments.

The Provincial People's Procuratorate approved the detention of Huang Zhaoqing,
50, the former deputy secretary of the commission for political and legal
affairs in Shijiazhuang, the province's capital, a week ago.

The authority said the case is still under investigation, but declined to give
further details. It is not known who Huang is alleged to have paid, or why any
payments were made.

"In most cases, officials pay bribes to obtain promotion, they want to reach a
higher administrative level," said Ruan Chuansheng, a criminal lawyer in
Shanghai. "It's common in official circles, but it's rare for it to come under
the spotlight."

Most people who pay bribes are not afraid of being caught, as the penalties they
face are more lenient than those for people who receive bribes, Ruan added.

"Also, some recipients of bribes are not willing to disclose much information,
because the higher the bribe, the heavier the penalties they face.

"Although it's not easy to increase the penalties for those who pay bribes, it's
necessary to expose them, as this can serve as a warning to others, especially
for officials who still want to obtain promotion in this way."

In the past, most prosecutions for paying bribes involved businessmen. Ding
Yuxin, a former billionaire, was sentenced to 20 years in prison for paying a
former railways minister to obtain business illegally.

Under the Chinese Criminal Law, people who accept bribes can be sentenced to
death, while the heaviest sentence for those who pay bribes is life in prison,
Ruan added.

"Some people who pay bribes escape punishment entirely if the amount of money
they gave was not large," he said. "The central government should strengthen its
efforts to tackle those who pay bribes."

Zhu Lijia, a professor of public administration at the Chinese Academy of
Governance, said the country's judicial system and the government's credibility
will be seriously affected if people continue to be able to buy an official
position or win a construction project by paying bribes.

He added that people often said that if payments were not accepted, there would
be no bribery. However, efforts to combat corruption could be compromised if the
country cannot cut off bribery at its source.

caoyin@chinadaily.com.cn

(China Daily USA 04/02/2015 page5)

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2015 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             659 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 16, 1994, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Bribes Alleged On Dumping At Fresh Kills

BYLINE: By MARY B. W. TABOR

SECTION: Section B;  Page 1;  Column 5;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 759 words


Nine present and former New York City sanitation workers were accused yesterday
of taking bribes from trash haulers in exchange for letting them dump unapproved
garbage at no cost at the Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island, depriving the
city of more than $10 million in fees, prosecutors and city officials said.

Not only were the trash haulers allowed to dump the garbage, but the sanitation
workers doctored records so that the haulers were paid millions by the city for
the dirt they were supposed to be dumping, the officials said.

The charges, which also name a New Jersey trucking company and a company
supervisor in the scheme, come as the city struggles to find a way to reduce its
reliance on Fresh Kills, the city's only remaining landfill, which is nearly
full.

A 34-count indictment, unsealed yesterday in Federal Court in Manhattan, says
that between 1988 and 1992, sanitation workers were paid hundreds of thousands
of dollars in bribes to allow the dumping of unapproved material or the skirting
of required dumping fees.

City Lost Millions

"The indictment filed today tells a disturbing story of corrupt city employees
and greedy contractors," said Howard M. Wilson, Commissioner of the city's
Department of Investigation, at an afternoon news conference in lower Manhattan.
"They intended to take the city's refuse as trash and turn it into a racket."

Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney for the Southern District, said the
scheme, the subject of a four-year investigation, had cost the city more than
$10 million in potential dumping revenues. Had that revenue been collected, it
would have raised the city's income from "tipping," or dumping, by almost 20
percent during the four years.

Ms. White said that, thus far, the unapproved material dumped in the landfill
did not appear to have included any hazardous waste. The investigation is
continuing, she said, and may include additional arrests.

Last week, four other people, including another sanitation supervisor at Fresh
Kills and three men working as brokers between the sanitation workers and trash
haulers, were also charged in the case. Each is expected to plead guilty, Ms.
White said.

The defendants face maximum sentences of 10 years in prison and fines of
$250,000. Ms. White said the Government would also seek repayment of the lost
dumping fees and forfeiture of the bribes.

At Issue: Phantom Dirt

Prosecutors said that the company, Maddox Trucking of Spotswood, N.J., was paid
millions by the city to provide Fresh Kills with "cover" material that is added
to the landfill several times each day, like layers of a cake, to safeguard
against environmental and health hazards.

But instead of providing the material, which is essentially clean dirt that acts
as a barrier, the company provided none at all, or in some cases dumped
construction debris or other unapproved materials that they normally would have
had to pay to dump, prosecutors say. The city normally charges $40 a cubic yard
for dumping such material at Fresh Kills.

The company paid the cooperating sanitation workers $1 in bribes for each cubic
yard of material they falsely recorded as having been properly dumped,
prosecutors said. The city, in turn, paid Maddox $8.92 for each of those cubic
yards.

Between 1988 and 1992 the city paid Maddox over $20 million on six contracts to
provide cover dirt at the landfill. Until yesterday, when it was terminated, the
company was working on a $4 million contract, said Anne Canty, a spokeswoman for
the city's Department of Sanitation.

Wider Problems Alleged

Covering the trash each day is part of the city's effort to bring the landfill
into compliance with state and Federal regulations.

With the Fresh Kills landfill already near capacity, city officials have been
hunting desperately for ways to deal with the 12,000 to 13,000 tons of
residential garbage generated on an average day. The city's only operating
incinerator is in Greenpoint, Brooklyn. Another, planned for the Brooklyn Navy
Yard, has been delayed, primarily over concerns from the community.

Environmental groups say the indictment is only an indication of wider problems
with the Sanitation Department and the Fresh Kills landfill.

"Fresh Kills is an environmental disaster," said Larry Shapiro, statewide
environmental coordinator for the New York Public Interest Research Group. "And
the city's record of operating this landfill is not any better than that of
organized-crime entities that operate garbage disposal facilities."


LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: As the Fresh Kills landfill on Staten Island nears capacity,
indictments were opened yesterday that pointed to nine sanitation workers'
accepting hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes over four years to allow
the dumping of unapproved material and the skirting of required dumping fees.
(Mary DiBiase Blaich for The New York Times) (pg. B3)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                             660 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                              May 23, 2011 Monday

Brothers' bribery trial wraps up

BYLINE: Joe Nelson, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


A San Bernardino County prosecutor on Monday described the actions of two Los
Angeles area businessmen accused of bribing a county official with cash-stuffed
envelopes as something "right out of the movies."

A defense attorney, however, attacked the credibility of the prosecution's key
witness, calling him a liar whose testimony should be discarded by the jury.

Prosecutors allege brothers Arshak and Vartan Kouladjian attempted to bribe Bob
Page, former chief of staff for county Supervisor Josie Gonzales, with $45,000
in cash, a new car, pricey bottles of Dom Perignon and with drainage
improvements at a new home Page was purchasing.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors say, were in exchange for Page's assistance in
expediting an auto auction business in Bloomington the Kouladjians were trying
to build but were thwarted by occupancy and infrastructure issues.

During one lunch meeting at the Black Angus restaurant in San Bernardino, Vartan
Kouladjian slid a white sealed envelope with $15,000 in cash in it under a table
to Page and told Page to "buy a cup of coffee" or "take your family on a
vacation," prosecutors say.

"It was literally handed under the table," prosecutor Michael Abney said during
his closing argument Monday in San Bernardino Superior Court. "Who passes
$15,000 in cash under a table to a public official? Who says `buy a cup of
coffee' with an envelope full of cash?' Actors in a TV movie, that's who says
it."

It wasn't the first time the Kouladjians attempted to bribe Page nor would it be
the last, prosecutors argued during the five-week trial.

The Kouladjians first attempted to bribe Page with a white sealed envelope
stuffed with 150 $100 bills in October 2007, prosecutors allege. Page rejected
the offer and reported the incident to the District Attorney's Office.

Page subsequently became part of a nearly 4-month undercover investigation by
district attorney's investigators and wore a body wire.

The Kouladjians are each charged with two felony counts of bribery and one
felony count of attempted bribery. In February 2009, they rejected an offer by
Judge Michael Dest to receive six months of jail and six months of electronic
monitoring in exchange for guilty pleas.

Between October 2007 and February 2008, the Kouladjians tasked Page with
facilitating the development of their auto auction business on Slover Avenue in
exchange for bribes, say prosecutors. The first $15,000 came on condition Page
knew what his "assignments" were, Abney said.

"They did it because they wanted to save time on the development. They did it
because they wanted to save money. And they did it because they wanted to make
money," Abney said. "The intent to bribe in this case is overwhelming."

Arshak Kouladjian's lawyer, Philip Cohen, stressed to jury members that all they
needed was a reasonable doubt to acquit his client and that there was plenty of
reason to doubt the prosecution's case.

When questioned by district attorney's investigator Gary Barnes, Page, who now
works as principal management analyst for special projects for the county, said
the Kouladjians were treated like any other constituent, Cohen said.

But Page told Cohen during the trial that Arshak Kouladjian received special
treatment and was given the number to Page's office, Cohen said.

The Kouladjians gave $35,000 to Supervisor Josie Gonzales' campaign in August
2007, and Page had more than 100 contacts - emails and telephone calls - with
county departments about the Kouladjians' project.

"How do you juxtapose Bob Page committing perjury with the circumstances and the
case that Mr. Abney presents to you?" Cohen asked. "How do you rectify those
two? You cannot."

Closing arguments continue today before Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             661 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            June 24, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

D.C. Clerk Sentenced in Bribe Case; D.C. School Construction to Begin in August;
Md. Confirms Swine Flu Death

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B06

LENGTH: 566 words

THE DISTRICT

Former Government Clerk Sentenced in Bribery Case

A former D.C. government clerk was sentenced yesterday to  more than two years
in federal prison for receiving a $1,275 bribe from an undercover FBI agent
seeking a temporary permit for a billiard parlor and cigar bar.

Prosecutors allege that Ikela M. Dean, 32, who worked at the D.C. Department of
Consumer and Regulatory Affairs, asked for late fees in cash and kept the money.
In November, she was convicted of receiving a bribe and extortion. U.S. District
Judge Reggie B. Walton ordered Dean to serve three months of supervised release
after completing a 27-month prison term.

During the trial, Walton dismissed 12 of 14 charges accusing Dean of pocketing
thousands of dollars in late fees for elevator licenses. In her job, Dean
reviewed applications for business licenses, certificates and various permits.

Prosecutors said Dean demanded late fees in cash from businesses and nonprofits
that were seeking to keep their elevators running. The groups, which included
Washington Hospital Center and the Metropolitan Club of Washington, paid the
late fees in cash and other invoices by check.

-- Del Quentin Wilber

New Woodson High Campus Moves Forward

 Construction will begin in August on a new $98 million campus for H.D. Woodson
Senior High School after a year-long delay, officials  said yesterday.

Mayor Adrian M. Fenty (D) and other officials said the Ward 7 school would
remain a  neighborhood school and would  become a magnet or charter school. The
campus, at 55th and Eads streets NE, is to be finished in July 2011 and will
have a pool, two gyms and an adolescent wellness center, officials said. The
school system plans to offer evening classes through the University of the
District of Columbia, Fenty said at the construction site.

A ceremonial groundbreaking  was held nearly a year ago, and the old campus was
demolished in September. Fenty attributed the delay to poor designs.

-- Nikita Stewart

MARYLAND

State Confirms First Death Linked to Swine Flu

Maryland health officials announced yesterday the state's first confirmed swine
flu-related death.

The Department of Health and Mental Hygiene said an elderly Baltimore area woman
with a swine flu infection and serious underlying medical conditions died
Monday.

Health officials said swine flu was a contributing factor in the death, but they
did not release  many details about the case. The Centers for Disease Control
and Prevention has reported 87 swine flu  deaths in this country.

-- Associated Press

VIRGINIA

Dozens Charged in Fairfax County Drinking Party

A drinking party in Fairfax County resulted in 41 teenagers being charged early
Saturday with underage possession of alcohol, and the person who hosted the
party was charged with contributing to the delinquency of a minor, Fairfax
police said yesterday.

Neighbors reported a noisy party about 12:30 a.m. in the 8400 block of Fenwood
Drive in the west Springfield area. Officers found more than 100 teenagers in
the residence and surrounding area, many of whom left abruptly at the sight of
police cruisers, police spokeswoman Lucy Caldwell said.

Christopher Generazio, 26, was charged with contributing to delinquency, police
said. He and the 41 teens were issued summonses and released. The partygoers did
not attend a Fairfax school but might have attended a military academy, Caldwell
said.

-- Tom Jackman

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             662 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            March 15, 2008 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

IN BRIEF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A07

LENGTH: 230 words


Legendary trial lawyer pleads guilty in bribe

JACKSON, Miss. - Richard "Dickie" Scruggs, the legendary trial lawyer who made
Big Business tremble when he set foot in court, has pleaded guilty to conspiring
to bribe a judge.

Federal prosecutors are asking for the maximum of five years behind bars for Mr.
Scruggs, 61, the multimillionaire "King of Torts" who combined a shrewd legal
mind and aw-shucks country-lawyer charm to extract billions from the tobacco and
asbestos industries.

Mr. Scruggs and another lawyer in his firm, Sidney Backstrom, pleaded guilty
Friday to conspiracy to defraud for offering a $50,000 cash bribe to a
Mississippi judge for a favorable ruling in a Hurricane Katrina insurance
lawsuit.

Authorities question suspected ricin victim

LAS VEGAS - A man who may have been exposed to toxic ricin in his motel room a
month ago has regained consciousness and was being questioned by investigators
for the first time, authorities said Friday.

Roger Bergendorff, 57, remained in critical condition in a hospital, where he
has been since Feb. 14.

Several vials of ricin powder were found in his room two weeks later.

Authorities hope Mr. Bergendorff can provide information about the discovery of
the deadly powder, along with castor beans from which it is derived, at an
extended stay motel where he had been living several blocks off the Las Vegas
Strip.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2008 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             663 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           January 18, 1994, Tuesday

THE AIRPORT TRIAL Prosecution rests; defense to start today IRS agent testifies
Ira Jackson underreported income to feds

BYLINE: By Douglas A. Blackmon STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section F; Page 1

LENGTH: 559 words


Round Two of the most politically sensational trial in recent Atlanta history
begins today, as defense attorneys for former City Councilman and Aviation
Commissioner Ira Jackson and two others begin trying to unravel government
allegations of a million-dollar corruption scandal at Hartsfield International
Airport.

After two grueling weeks of testimony - in which court was held on 13 of 15 days
- Assistant U.S. Attorney Sally Yates rested her case Monday, ending with
testimony from an IRS agent that Jackson underreported his income to the
government by almost $ 500,000 over five years.

Jerry Froelich, attorney for defendant Mack Wilbourn, will lead off for the
defense today, unless U.S. District Judge Anthony Alaimo agrees with defense
motions to throw out some or all of the charges. The testimony is likely to
conclude this week.

Jackson, Wilbourn and Dan Paradies, the majority owner of the gift- shop
concession at Hartsfield, face a 133-count indictment alleging they schemed to
give Jackson secret control of Wilbourn's interest in the Paradies company.
Paradies also is charged with conspiring to bribe Atlanta City Council members,
and Jackson is accused of taking thousands in bribes.

Not enough evidence?

After eight hours of court Monday - held on the King holiday after a vote by the
sequestered jury - attorneys for the three individuals and two corporations
indicted argued that prosecutors had not offered enough evidence for the jury to
consider any of the charges.

The judge is expected to rule today.

Prosecutors have built a solid foundation for their allegations that Jackson
secretly controlled Hartsfield Concessions, the company that held Wilbourn's 35
percent interest in Paradies Midfield Corp., the gift-shop operator.

But the government's case is less clear as to how much, if any, Paradies knew
about Jackson's secret control and whether Wilbourn fully understood that his
actions might be illegal.

The evidence was also not as strong behind allegations that Jackson received
weekly bribes from airport businessman Harold Echols, and that Paradies
conspired with Echols to bribe other city officials.

Echols testified that he paid Jackson regularly and that Paradies reimbursed him
for more than $ 30,000 in payoffs. But under cross- examination, Echols
virtually fell apart.

Prosecutors backed up his testimony with FBI videotapes showing Echols giving
purported bribes to two City Council members. But the government offered no
concrete evidence of specific payments from Echols to Jackson.

Questions about calculation

In testimony Monday, prosecutors concentrated on Jackson's personal finances.

George Del Butler, the IRS agent, said that from 1987 to 1991 Jackson grossed $
1.1 million from his secret control of airport business interests and bribes
totaling $ 81,600. Butler said the total bribes were based on testimony by
Echols.

During that same period, Butler said, Jackson deposited more than $ 100,000 in
cash into his bank accounts.

Attorney Tony Axam, who took over Jackson's defense last week, cross- examined
the IRS agent extensively, raising questions about the method by which he
calculated how much Jackson failed to report on his taxes.

"Did you take into consideration that Echols lied over 100 times to the grand
jury?" Axam asked. Said Butler: "No sir, I did not."

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH940200178

GRAPHIC: Color photo: mug of Ira Jackson

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             664 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2016 Friday

Former Guinean Minister of Mines Charged with Receiving and Laundering $8.5
Million in Bribes from Chinese Companies

LENGTH: 740  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the
following news release:



  The former Minister of Mines and Geology of the Republic of Guinea was
arrested and charged today with laundering proceeds from bribes that he
allegedly received from two Chinese companies that are part of a Chinese
conglomerate in exchange for official actions he took to secure valuable mining
rights for the conglomerate.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New
York, Assistant Director Stephen Richardson of the FBI's Criminal Investigative
Division, and Assistant Director in Charge William F. Sweeney Jr. of the FBI's
New York Field Office made the announcement.



 "Former Minister Thiam is accused of enriching himself at the expense of the
people of the Republic of Guinea," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.
"We cannot allow the United States to be a safe haven for the spoils of official
corruption.  The department is committed to pursuing both those who pay bribes,
and also the corrupt officials who receive them."



 "Mahmoud Thiam, a former high-ranking official of Guinea, allegedly used his
position to accept millions in bribes from a Chinese conglomerate and laundered
the money through New York," said U.S. Attorney Bharara.  "Thiam, a U.S.
citizen, will now face justice in a federal court."



 "This arrest exemplifies the commitment to personnel and resources the FBI
continues to make towards combating corruption," said Assistant Director
Richardson.  "The FBI looks forward to the development of those relationships
with our partners both in the United States and around the world."



 "Today's action shows that the FBI, along with our partners, is committed to
investigating all levels of corruption," said Assistant Director in Charge
Sweeney.  "The United States will be relentless in its efforts to uphold fair,
equal and competitive markets.  The actions of a few who use corruption for
personal gain will not be tolerated."



 Mahmoud Thiam, 50, a U.S. citizen residing in New York City, was charged by
complaint with two counts of money laundering.  Thiam was arrested this morning
and made his initial appearance this afternoon before a magistrate judge in the
Southern District of New York.



 The complaint alleges that in 2009 and 2010, Thiam took part in a scheme to
launder, into the United States and elsewhere, approximately $8.5 million in
bribes he received from senior representatives of a Chinese conglomerate.  In
exchange for the bribes, Thiam allegedly used his official position in the
Guinean government to enable affiliates of the Chinese conglomerate to obtain
exclusive and highly-valuable investment rights in a wide range of sectors of
the Guinean economy, including near total control of Guinea's valuable mining
sector.



 In order to conceal the bribes, Thiam allegedly opened a bank account in Hong
Kong and misreported his occupation to conceal his status as a government
official.  Thiam later transferred millions of dollars in bribe proceeds into
the United States, where he allegedly lied to two U.S. banks to conceal both his
position as a foreign government official and the source of the funds.  Thiam
allegedly spent the bribe proceeds on, among other things, construction work on
his estate in upstate New York.



 A complaint is merely an allegation, and the defendant is presumed innocent
until and unless proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt.



 The FBI's International Corruption Squads in New York City and Los Angeles are
investigating the case.  In 2015, the FBI formed International Corruption Squads
across the country to address national and international implications of foreign
corruption.



 Assistant Chief Tarek Helou, Senior Trial Attorney Jason Linder and Trial
Attorney Sarah Edwards of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section, Senior Trial
Attorney Steven Parker of the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section (AFMLS) and Assistant U.S. Attorney Elisha Kobre of the
Southern District of New York are prosecuting the case.  AFMLS Trial Attorney
Alexis Loeb previously investigated the case.  The Criminal Division's Office of
International Affairs also provided substantial assistance in this matter.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             665 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 15, 2016 Thursday

New York Doctor Charged With Taking Bribes In Test-Referral Scheme With New
Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 698  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of New Jersey has
issued the following news release:



  An internal medicine doctor practicing in Staten Island, New York, was charged
today with accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a
long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services
LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates,
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.





 Ahmed El Soury, 44, of Monmouth Junction, New Jersey, was indicted by a federal
grand jury in Newark. The indictment charges El Soury with one count of
conspiring to commit violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal Travel
Act and wire fraud; three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute;
three substantive violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three substantive
violations of wire fraud. El Soury will be arraigned at a later date.



 According to the indictment:



 Between March 2011 and April 2013, El Soury allegedly received cash bribes
totaling approximately $65,000 from BLS employees and associates. In February
2012, El Soury solicited and received an increase in his monthly bribe payments
for having persuaded another health care provider to refer patient blood samples
to BLS.



 El Soury's referrals generated approximately $650,000 in lab business for BLS.



 The Anti-Kickback and Federal Travel Act counts are each punishable by a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison. The wire fraud charges are
each punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison. Each count
also carries a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the
offense.



 El Soury is the third physician to be indicted in connection with the BLS
bribery scheme. Brett Ostrager - who was indicted Aug. 11, 2015 and pleaded
guilty on Dec. 22, 2015 - was sentenced on June 8, 2016 to 37 months in prison.
Bernard Greenspan was indicted on March 14, 2016 and is scheduled for trial on
Jan. 31, 2017 before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls.



 The investigation has thus far resulted in 41 guilty pleas - 27 of them from
doctors - in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case.



 The investigation has to date recovered more than $12 million through
forfeiture. On June 28, 2016, BLS, which is no longer operational, pleaded
guilty and was required to forfeit all of its assets.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark; inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Acting Inspector in Charge
James V. Buthorn; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Health and Human
Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Scott J. Lampert with the ongoing investigation.



 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish and
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Assistant
U.S. Attorney Barbara Ward, Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and
Money Laundering Unit.



 U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $1.32 billion in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             666 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 1, 2005 Monday

POT-ARREST 'BRIBE' BID

BYLINE: Jamie Schram

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 130 words


A Connecticut man tried to bribe his way out of a marijuana rap on the Lower
East Side yesterday - but his plans went up in smoke when police hauled him off
to jail, cops said.

Sami Chartouni, 31, of Danbury, was in an apartment on Essex Street at about
8:30 a.m., when Officers Aaron Jackson and Mark Restivo, responding to a 911
call of a dispute, knocked on the door.

There was no dispute going on - but the cops found about 150 pounds of pot and
more than $300,000 in four bags of bills, authorities said.

Chartouni allegedly tried to bribe Jackson and Restivo by offering them the
smallest bag - containing about $30,000 - to let him leave via the fire escape.

But the cops slapped the cuffs on Chartouni and charged him with criminal
possession of marijuana and bribery.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             667 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Washington: Miami-area businessman pleads guilty in Houston to foreign bribery
and fraud charges in Venezuelan energy scheme

LENGTH: 1023  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement has issued the following
news release:



 The owner of multiple U.S.-based energy companies has pleaded guilty to foreign
bribery and fraud charges for his role in a scheme to corruptly secure energy
contracts from Venezuela's state-owned and state-controlled energy company,
Petroleos de Venezuela S.A. (PDVSA).





 U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson announced this guilty plea, along with Assistant
Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division, Acting Special Agent in Charge Sean McElroy of U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's (ICE) Homeland Security Investigations (HSI) in Houston,
and Special Agent in Charge Rick Goss of Internal Revenue Service's Criminal
Investigation in Houston (IRS-CI).



 Abraham Jose Shiera Bastidas (Shiera), 52, of Coral Gables, Florida, pleaded
guilty March 22 in federal court before U.S. District Judge Gray H. Miller to
one count of conspiracy to violate the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and
commit wire fraud, and one count of violating the FCPA. Shiera's sentencing is
scheduled for July 8. Four others charged in relation to the case had previously
entered guilty pleas, including three foreign officials.



 "The five convictions announced today hold to account bribe payors as well as
the corrupt foreign officials who laundered the bribe money through the United
States," said Caldwell. "These individual prosecutions are the result of a
tenacious and coordinated effort by our prosecutors and agents to unravel a
complex web of bribes paid to Venezuelan officials.  And they demonstrate our
commitment to building cases from the ground up, instead of counting on
companies and other wrongdoers to self-disclose their crimes."



 "The pleas of guilty in this case are the result of the strict enforcement of
the FCPA in this district," said Magidson. "Bribery under this law is a serious
federal crime that undermines commercial and political relations around the
world. This case is an example of our reach to expose this criminal conduct."



 Shiera was arrested in Miami Dec. 16, 2015, after a federal grand jury returned
an 18-count indictment against him and Roberto Enrique Rincon Fernandez
(Rincon), 55, of The Woodlands, Texas.



 According to admissions made in connection with Shiera's plea, Shiera and
Rincon worked together to submit bids to provide equipment and services to PDVSA
through their various companies. Shiera admitted that beginning in 2009, he and
Rincon agreed to pay bribes and other things of value to PDVSA purchasing
analysts to ensure his and Rincon's companies were placed on PDVSA bidding
panels, which enabled the companies to win lucrative energy contracts with
PDVSA. Shiera also made bribe payments to other PDVSA officials in order to
ensure his companies were placed on PDVSA-approved vendor lists and given
payment priority so that they would get paid ahead of other PDVSA vendors with
outstanding invoices, he admitted.

 "The corruption of foreign officials through bribery has a damaging impact on
the stability of trade, industries and even nations," said McElroy. "HSI and our
partners will tirelessly investigate anyone who cultivates the corruption of
officials abroad to bribe their way to financial gain."



 "Bribery and corruption undermines honest, free enterprise and creates an
atmosphere of back room dealing that impairs the ability for honest businesses
to compete," said Goss. "IRS-CI tirelessly untangles the web of &lrm;illicit
transactions that lead to corrupt individuals being held accountable."



 Judge Miller also unsealed charges March 21 against four other individuals
charged in connection with this investigation:



     In January 2016, Moises Abraham Millan Escobar (Millan), 32, of Katy,
Texas, pleaded guilty under seal to one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA
for his role in the PDVSA bribery scheme. Milan was Shiera's former employee.

     In December 2015, three former PDVSA officials, Jose Luis Ramos Castillo
(Ramos), 38; Christian Javier Maldonado Barillas (Maldonado), 39; and Alfonzo
Eliezer Gravina Munoz (Gravina), 53, all from Katy, each pleaded guilty under
seal to conspiracy to commit money laundering.



 As part of their guilty pleas, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina each admitted that
while employed by PDVSA or its wholly owned subsidiaries or affiliates, they
accepted bribes from Shiera and Rincon in exchange for taking certain actions to
assist companies owned by Shiera and Rincon in winning energy contracts with
PDVSA. Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina also admitted they conspired with Shiera and
Rincon to launder the proceeds of the bribery scheme. Gravina also pleaded
guilty to making false statements on his 2010 federal income tax return by
failing to report the bribe payments he received from Shiera, Rincon and others.
As part of their plea agreements, Shiera, Millan, Ramos, Maldonado and Gravina
all agreed to forfeit proceeds of their criminal activity.



 The indictment as to Rincon remains pending. He is charged with one count of
conspiracy to violate the FCPA and commit wire fraud, one count of conspiracy to
commit money laundering, and seven counts of money laundering. Rincon is also
charged with four counts of violating the FCPA. He was ordered detained pending
trial following a detention hearing held on Dec. 18, 2015, before U.S.
Magistrate Judge Nancy K. Johnson of the Southern District of Texas. The charges
contained in the indictment are merely accusations, and Rincon is presumed
innocent unless and until proven guilty beyond a reasonable doubt in a court of
law.



 HSI and IRS-CI are conducting this ongoing investigation with assistance from
the FBI. Deputy Chief John Pearson and Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert S. Johnson
are prosecuting this case along with trial attorneys Aisling O'Shea and Jeremy
R. Sanders of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section. Assistant U.S. Attorneys
Kristine Rollinson and Vincent Carroll are handling the forfeiture aspects of
this case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             668 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          September 8, 2004 Wednesday

Garson Witness Claims Cash Gift Was Not a Bribe

BYLINE: By DAVID HAFETZ, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 323 words


A crucial prosecution witness in a Brooklyn judicial corruption case said
yesterday he didn't believe he was bribing state Supreme Court Justice Gerald
Garson when he gave the judge cash and bought him meals and drinks.

The witness, ex-matrimonial lawyer Paul Siminovsky, also denied there was an
agreement to bribe the Judge Garson or that the judge fixed divorce and custody
cases that later came under suspicion.

Mr. Siminovsky was testifying at the trial of two former court employees. Judge
Garson is awaiting trial on a felony charge of receiving bribes.

Mr. Siminovsky told jurors he bought the judge $10,000 worth of meals and drinks
to secure more guardianship assignments in custody cases.

"I knew it was ethically improper," Mr. Siminovsky said of his behavior. "I
didn't think it was a bribe."

His testimony echoed arguments by Judge Garson's defense lawyer that the judge
committed ethics violations, not crimes.

Mr. Siminovsky also said the $1,000 he gave Judge Garson in a taped transaction
was a "referral fee" for help in getting cases - not a bribe.

Defense lawyer Dominic Amorosa, who represents the judge's former clerk, said
the testimony gets Judge Garson "off the hook."

Prosecutors said Mr. Siminovsky referred to what he thought at the time. "It's
how he rationalized committing crimes," said Assistant District Attorney Noel
Downey, who noted Mr. Siminovsky has testified that he and Judge Garson
"committed crimes" together.

Prosecutors accuse Judge Garson of accepting meals and cigars from the lawyer in
exchange for giving him preferential treatment and assigning him guardianship
cases.

The two men on trial, retired court clerk Paul Sarnell and court officer Louis
Salerno, are accused of taking bribes to steer cases to the judge.

The alleged mastermind behind that scheme is a Brooklyn electronics dealer who
prosecutors say recruited worried Jewish divorce litigants and boasted that
Judge Garson was "in his pocket."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             669 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                          September 8, 2004 Wednesday

Garson Witness Claims Cash Gift Was Not a Bribe

BYLINE: By DAVID HAFETZ, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 323 words


A crucial prosecution witness in a Brooklyn judicial corruption case said
yesterday he didn't believe he was bribing state Supreme Court Justice Gerald
Garson when he gave the judge cash and bought him meals and drinks.

The witness, ex-matrimonial lawyer Paul Siminovsky, also denied there was an
agreement to bribe the Judge Garson or that the judge fixed divorce and custody
cases that later came under suspicion.

Mr. Siminovsky was testifying at the trial of two former court employees. Judge
Garson is awaiting trial on a felony charge of receiving bribes.

Mr. Siminovsky told jurors he bought the judge $10,000 worth of meals and drinks
to secure more guardianship assignments in custody cases.

"I knew it was ethically improper," Mr. Siminovsky said of his behavior. "I
didn't think it was a bribe."

His testimony echoed arguments by Judge Garson's defense lawyer that the judge
committed ethics violations, not crimes.

Mr. Siminovsky also said the $1,000 he gave Judge Garson in a taped transaction
was a "referral fee" for help in getting cases - not a bribe.

Defense lawyer Dominic Amorosa, who represents the judge's former clerk, said
the testimony gets Judge Garson "off the hook."

Prosecutors said Mr. Siminovsky referred to what he thought at the time. "It's
how he rationalized committing crimes," said Assistant District Attorney Noel
Downey, who noted Mr. Siminovsky has testified that he and Judge Garson
"committed crimes" together.

Prosecutors accuse Judge Garson of accepting meals and cigars from the lawyer in
exchange for giving him preferential treatment and assigning him guardianship
cases.

The two men on trial, retired court clerk Paul Sarnell and court officer Louis
Salerno, are accused of taking bribes to steer cases to the judge.

The alleged mastermind behind that scheme is a Brooklyn electronics dealer who
prosecutors say recruited worried Jewish divorce litigants and boasted that
Judge Garson was "in his pocket."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             670 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          February 15, 2001, Thursday

Trucking firm settles with woman's family; Nearly $11 million: A driver involved
in the crash admits paying a bribe for his license

BYLINE: ASSOCIATED PRESS

SECTION: Pg. b9

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: EASTMAN, Wis.


CHICAGO (AP) - A trucking company with suspected ties to the Illinois
licenses-for-bribes scandal has agreed to pay nearly $ 11 million to the family
of a woman killed in a 1998 pileup on a foggy highway in central California.

Watkins Motor Lines Inc., a national trucking company with a hub in the Chicago
suburb of Lyons, agreed Monday to pay the money to the family of Sally Ruiz.

Ruiz and another motorist died in a chain-reaction accident that started when
part of a big rig driven by Adem Salihovic overturned on a freeway near Fresno,
Calif. Salihovic, a driver for Watkins, has admitted to paying a bribe for his
trucker's license and has given up his license rather than submit to mandatory
retesting.

The crash is the second major fatal accident to be blamed on a truck driver
suspected of illegally obtaining his commercial license during Gov. George
Ryan's tenure as Illinois' secretary of state from 1991 to 1999.

In 1994 in Wisconsin, six Chicago children were killed in a fiery crash after a
heavy metal part fell off a truck driven by Ricardo Guzman, who prosecutors say
obtained his license illegally. A civil lawsuit stemming from that crash was
settled in August 1999 for $ 100 million.

The Ruiz family's lawsuit, filed in July 1999, initially focused on Salihovic
but quickly drew the attention of federal prosecutors who were investigating how
Salihovic and several dozen other drivers suspected of paying bribes for
licenses ended up driving for Watkins.

Watkins spokeswoman Rose Ann Froberg declined to comment on the settlement. But
last month, officials at the Florida-based company said they did not knowingly
hire a trucker who paid a bribe for his license. They also said they were
cooperating with the federal investigation, known as Operation Safe Road.

A Watkins official acknowledged in a sworn statement last summer that Salihovic
- who obtained his trucker's license only months before the crash - should not
have been hired because he had a poor driving record.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001, Telegraph-Herald


                             671 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Official Tells of Cash and Stoves as Bribes

BYLINE: By MOSI SECRET

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 423 words


There were the trips to Jamaica, Paris and Greece, and a townhouse in Strivers'
Row in Harlem -- not to mention the cash.

But as a former city housing official made his debut in court as a cooperating
witness for the government, he most certainly mentioned the cash, describing on
Monday how he accepted boxes of money at secret meetings around the city.

The official, Wendell B. Walters, an assistant commissioner of the Department of
Housing Preservation and Development, was in charge of approving applications
from developers who wanted to build affordable housing in partnership with the
city. He pleaded guilty in 2012 to accepting $2.5 million in bribes from
developers.

When a prosecutor, Cristina M. Posa, asked Mr. Walters if he recalled how much
cash he received at each secret meeting, he said the amounts were from $20,000
to $40,000 but that he ''kind of stopped counting.''

''I didn't really keep a spreadsheet,'' Mr. Walters said. ''It was all in my
head. I kept stuffing it in a bag.''

The testimony came in Federal District Court in Brooklyn in the joint trial of
the developers Stevenson Dunn, Lee Hymowitz and Michael Freeman, who were
charged with fraud conspiracy, money laundering and, in the case of Mr. Dunn,
racketeering, when they were arrested along with Mr. Walters in 2011. Mr.
Walters pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and bribery.

Mr. Walters, who is well over six feet tall and was known among his alleged
co-conspirators as ''Tall Guy,'' was a polite and sometimes wordy witness,
describing the programs that he ran with a bureaucrat's knowledge just as he
described how he bilked them. When one effort to bribe him did not work out, a
developer asked if there was anything else he could provide.

''Yeah, I need some appliances,'' Mr. Walters said he responded. The developer
gave him two refrigerators, two stoves, two dishwashers, and a washer and dryer.

Most of Mr. Walters's testimony described bribes he accepted from developers who
were not on trial. He said that he accepted a $5,000 bribe from Mr. Dunn, his
high school friend, but he did not incriminate the other defendants. Mr. Walters
is expected to continue his testimony on Tuesday.

His testimony was also notable for what he did not say. After Mr. Walters
pleaded guilty, several people with knowledge of the matter said that he was
providing information to the Federal Bureau of Investigation and federal
prosecutors about corruption in the city's affordable housing program, but Mr.
Walters's only reference to broader corruption was vague.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2014/03/18/nyregion/ex-official-tells-of-cash-and-stoves-
as-bribes.html

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Wendell B. Walters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                             672 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 21, 2000, Friday, Late Edition - Final

BOXING;
I.B.F.'s Lawyers Criticize Prosecution

BYLINE: By RONALD SMOTHERS

SECTION: Section D; Page 4; Column 6; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 774 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, July 20


Lawyers for the leaders of the International Boxing Federation, who are on trial
for racketeering and seeking bribes in exchange for boxer rankings, said today
that their clients are victims of a "selective prosecution" of the sport's only
black-controlled sanctioning organization.

They charged that in bringing the case, the office of the United States Attorney
for New Jersey had made itself an "unwitting ally of multimillionaire white
promoters" who were among the key prosecution witnesses. They said these
promoters stand to gain greater influence over the millions of dollars involved
in boxing with the discrediting of the I.B.F.

In a nearly daylong summation, Gerald Krovatin, the lawyer for Robert W. Lee,
the I.B.F. president and founder, said that witnesses like Bob Arum, the head of
Top Rank promotions, Cedric Kushner and Ronald Weathers, who all testified that
they paid illegal bribes, were walking free "with a wink and a nod" from
prosecutors while his client was forced to undergo a three-and-half month trial.

"I ask you to act as the conscience of this community and say that this man
should not be convicted for conduct that others engaged in and are walking
around free for," Krovatin said. "Whether you view it as racial or nonracial, it
is still selective and it's not fair, and you have to say so."

Lee and his son, Robert Lee Jr., are charged with 34 counts of bribery,
conspiracy, racketeering and money laundering in connection with allegedly
soliciting and accepting $338,000 in bribes from managers, promoters and
fighters over a 14-year period. The two face 20 years in prison if convicted.

United States District Court Judge John W. Bissell is scheduled to send the jury
to deliberate in the case by Tuesday.

Both Krovatin and John DeMassi, the lawyer for the younger Lee, flogged the law
in their summations, parsing the legal distinctions between what the prosecution
called bribes and what they called "legal gratuities" of the kind given to
letter carriers, doormen and waiters.

The lawyers questioned whether the I.B.F. had any obligation to base its
rankings on merit alone and painstakingly followed the trail of alleged bribes
laid out by prosecutors to raise questions about whether the federal government
had jurisdiction even if they did take place.

The government case, said Krovatin, was "out there on the far frontier of legal
theory" and "vagued-up" in a way to snare his client. Furthermore, he charged
that in using the Racketeering Influenced Corrupt Organizations act originally
intended for prosecuting organized crime figures, the prosecution was engaged in
overkill.

But his most withering comments were reserved for the government witnesses whose
"converging agendas" in getting rid of the I.B.F., with its close ties to the
promoter Don King, were served by the government investigation which they aided.

Particularly, he directed his charges at the government's main witness, Colin
Douglas Beavers, the I.B.F.'s former rankings chairman, who testified that he
was the bagman and distributor of the alleged bribes which the prosecution has
conceded Lee never solicited or collected himself. When confronted by F.B.I.
agents with the threat of arrest, Beavers became a government informant and
recorded and videotaped conversations with Lee and others that figured
prominently in the prosecution's case.

Krovatin depicted Beavers, who is white, as being bitter at his demotion within
the I.B.F. and eager to set up his own sanctioning group.

He said Beavers first raised a racial spector in the case when he told Dan Duva,
the late promoter and owner of Main Event and an antagonist of the I.B.F., that
Lee's actions as head of the group were less about money than they were about a
racial solidarity with King.

Krovatin recalled a conversation that Duva taped and turned over to prosecutors,
triggering the investigation: "Beavers says to Duva, 'Don King is a black man
who has made it in this business and Bob Lee has attached himself to his
coattails.' "

In Krovatin's version of the case, these alleged payments were all tailored made
by Beavers and others to snare Lee: the $65,000 Dino Duva testified that he made
to get a fighter a better ranking; the $100,000 payment that Arum said he made
through an intermediary in 1995 to get I.B.F. sanctioning of a fight between
George Foreman and Axel Schulz; and the $100,000 that Kushner said he paid to
Beavers on Lee's behalf for a Foreman-Schulz rematch. Pointing to Arum's
testimony and inconsistencies in other evidence presented, he said the
go-betweens were the real beneficiaries of the payments.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                             673 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  SEPTEMBER 17, 1997 Wednesday SFCITY EDITION

METROPOLITAN AREA NEWS IN BRIEF

SECTION: CITY & REGION; Pg. B02

LENGTH: 761 words


WOMAN IS SHOT TO DEATH

IN EAST OAK LANE HOUSE A 41-year-old woman was shot to death at 9:15 last night
in an apartment house in the 6900 block of Old York Road in the city's East Oak
Lane section, police said.

The woman, whose name and address were withheld pending notification of
relatives, was shot at least four times in the building's first-floor hallway.
One bullet struck her in the head, police said. She was pronounced dead at the
scene.

Detectives were seeking the woman's boyfriend for questioning. He left the scene
in a black Lexus after the gunfire, police said.

EX-MARITIME UNION HEAD

GETS JAIL FOR TAKING BRIBES The longtime former head of the National Maritime
Union was sentenced to 56 months in prison by a federal judge yesterday for
accepting more than $100,000 in bribes to refer union legal work to a Center
City lawyer.

In addition to the prison term, Louis Parise Sr., 70, of Cherry Hill, was
ordered by U.S. District Judge Harvey Bartle 3d to forfeit $188,297 worth of
assets that prosecutors said were linked to the bribes he received from lawyer
Bernard Sacks. Bartle refused to let Parise remain free pending an appeal and
gave him 30 days to surrender to federal prison authorities.

Parise and his son, Louis Jr., 40, of Sicklerville, were convicted by a jury in
January of racketeering in handling business of the National Maritime Union, a
Jersey City-based organization that represents about 4,000 marine electricians,
deckhands, engine room workers and cooks. The younger Parise was sentenced last
week to a 30-month prison term.

Sacks, 71, pleaded guilty in 1994 to paying bribes to a maritime union agent and
subsequently became a key prosecution witness in the racketeering prosecution of
John C. Shaw, former president of the Philadelphia lodge of the Fraternal Order
of Police, and FOP treasurer Anthony LaSalle. Shaw and LaSalle are both serving
prison terms for accepting bribes from Sacks; Sacks is on three years of
probation.

POLICE LOOKING FOR WOMAN

MISSING FROM CARE FACILITY Police last night asked for the public's help in
finding a mentally retarded woman who wandered away from her care center in
Tioga.

Geraldine Murray, 54, disappeared from the Philadelphia Developmental
Disabilities Corp. in the 2300 block of West Westmoreland Street about 12:30
p.m., police said.

A SEPTA bus driver told police that a woman fitting Murray's description boarded
a westbound bus at Hunting Park Avenue and Fox Street, but that he told her to
get off at Roberts Avenue, between Fox and Henry Avenue, because she did not pay
the fare.

Murray is African American, has black hair and brown eyes, weighs about 185
pounds, and is 5 feet, 4 inches tall. Authorities are asking anyone who has seen
her to call Bonni Zetick, vice president of the care center, at 215-229-4550.

'HUMAN SPIDER' FACES

MISDEMEANOR CHARGES Alain Robert, the "human spider" who climbed 44 stories of a
Center City office tower Monday, was freed from police custody yesterday after
posting 10 percent of $5,000 bail.

A preliminary hearing for Robert was scheduled for Oct. 21 on misdemeanor
charges of defiant trespassing, reckless endangerment and disorderly conduct.

As crowds gathered around 19th and Market Streets about 6 p.m. Monday, Robert,
35, of France, scaled the Blue Cross-Blue Shield Building. Carrying a banner
reading "Go Eagles, beat Dallas," Robert had risen more than 400 feet when
police caught him at a balcony and pulled him inside the building. Robert has
climbed more than 30 tall buildings worldwide, including the Empire State
Building.

THE COAST GUARD STAGES

AN OIL-SPILL CLEANUP DRILL The Coast Guard yesterday staged a grand-scale
oil-spill cleanup drill that involved two mock collisions of oil tankers.

The drill began at 7 a.m. with a staged collision of two oil tankers near the
mouth of the Delaware Bay. Then came a second mock collision, this one between a
tanker and a fishing vessel in the Atlantic off New Jersey.

Participating were more than 200 people from federal offices around the country;
state agencies in Pennsylvania, New Jersey and Delaware; and oil companies in
Norway, Cyprus and the United States.

Coast Guard Capt. John E. Veentjer said the purpose was to test the response to
an emergency on the scale of the Exxon Valdez spill in 1989. About 80 percent of
oil imported through the East Coast goes through the Port of Philadelphia, which
includes Philadelphia; Chester; Marcus Hook; Wilmington, Del.; Paulsboro, N.J.;
Camden; and Gloucester, N.J.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             674 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           February 23, 2017 Thursday

Ex-mayor charged with taking bribes surrenders at Riverside jail;
He faces up to 19 years in prison if convicted, would be barred from public
office for life

SECTION: B,B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 619 words

ABSTRACT

vicky RPE-Z-PSMAYOR-0223 | Former Palm Springs Mayor Steve Pougnet turned
himself in Wednesday, about one week being charged with more than 20 felony
counts for allegedly accepting bribes from developers during his mayoral
tenure.Reporter/editor: CNS/JohnsonLength: 18" (could be trimmed)Art: Mug,
23380778ETA: 3 p.m.

FULL TEXT

Former Palm Springs Mayor Steve Pougnet turned himself in Wednesday, about one
week after being charged with 30 felony counts, accused of accepting bribes from
developers during his mayoral tenure.

Pougnet, 53, is accused, along with developers John Wessman, 79, and Richard
Meaney, 51, in a bribery scheme involving $375,000 allegedly paid to the
then-mayor in exchange for his votes on Palm Springs development projects,
several of which are still pending.

Pougnet surrendered Wednesday morning at the county jail in Riverside and was
later released on $25,000 bail. He was scheduled to enter a plea at an
arraignment April 21.

Pougnet faces up to 19 years in state prison if convicted of accepting bribes,
conflict of interest, perjury and conspiracy to commit bribery. He would also be
barred from holding public office for life.

Meaney and Wessman both surrendered late last week and posted $25,000 bail. Each
developer would face a maximum of 12 years behind bars if convicted of 10 counts
of bribing an executive officer and conspiracy to commit bribery.

Wessman is due in court in mid-March, while Meaney's arraignment is more than
two months away.

Meaney and Wessman had stakes in high-dollar development projects that required
City Council approval, and the then-mayor became their point man for moving them
to ratification, prosecutors allege.

Projects specifically listed in court documents include The Dakota, the Desert
Fashion Plaza, The Morrison and Vivante.

Payments to Pougnet were allegedly drawn directly from accounts maintained by
Meaney's Union Abbey Co. and Wessman Development.

Pougnet disclosed that he was paid $200,000 in consulting fees through Union
Abbey, but he failed to report other funds that investigators discovered through
bank records and emails, according to a declaration in support of an arrest
warrant.

Court documents also allege that Pougnet had a conflict of interest in regard to
$22,000 he was paid by G & M Construction owner George Marantz, who claimed
Pougnet asked him for money on occasion because Pougnet told him he could not
"make ends meet" on his mayor's salary.

Though Pougnet voted in approval of an amended construction contract for
Marantz's Belardo Road Bridge Project, Marantz has not been charged, and the
project was only referenced in court documents as an alleged conflict of
interest on Pougnet's part. However, Marantz did say that Pougnet "went to bat"
for him regarding the project, according to the document.

Pougnet also allegedly received $12,000 from consulting firm Lucker Anderson,
but did not disclose that money as a source of income, according to court
documents.

"Our investigation was pretty exhaustive," Riverside County District Attorney
Mike Hestrin said in announcing the charges. "There was very strong evidence
that Mr. Meaney and Mr. Wessman were buying the mayor's (vote). They had a lot
to gain from his actions on the council."

According to the criminal complaint filed Feb. 16, money began changing hands in
September 2012 and continued until the fall of 2014, as Pougnet's term came to a
close.

In May 2015, he announced he would not seek re-election.

Four months later, district attorney and FBI investigators began their 17-month
investigation with the seizure of thousands of documents, computers, employee
cellphones, canceled checks, emails and letters from Palm Springs City Hall and
Pougnet's home.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             675 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday

Appellate court affirms state Supreme Court ruling in Colonies case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


RIVERSIDE >> The 4th District Court of Appeals has affirmed a state Supreme
Court decision to allow a Rancho Cucamonga developer and the former San
Bernardino County assistant assessor to stand trial on certain bribery charges
in a public corruption case.

In a final ruling issued Monday, the appellate court affirmed the Supreme Court
sDec. 23 ruling that reversed the appellate court s prior ruling upholding the
dismissal of bribery charges against developer Jeff Burum and former Assistant
Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin.

It means the criminal proceedings can now resume in San Bernardino Superior
Court with pretrial motions by the defense, which are set to be heard May 5 by
Judge Michael A. Smith.

We re very pleased to have the case returned to the trial court and look forward
to the court s consideration of our various motions,  Burum s attorney, Stephen
Larson, said.

The appellate court ruling also affirms the Supreme Court s dismissal of alleged
conflict-of-interest charges against Burum and Erwin because they were not
public officials at the time of the alleged crimes.

Burum and Erwin stand accused of conspiring with two county officials in a
bribery scheme to steer a $102 million legal settlement from the county to Burum
s real estate investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in November 2006. Also
charged are former county Supervisor Paul Biane and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

The District Attorney s Office, which partnered with the state Attorney General
s Office in prosecuting the case, has stood by the strength of its case.

Both our office and our partners at the Attorney General s Office continue to be
confident in the facts of this case, and we look forward to presenting our case
in a court of law,  District Attorney Michael A. Ramos said in a statement
Tuesday.

In August 2011, San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, on request
of Burum s attorney,dismissed all four bribery charges against Burum,
determining that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes. McCarville did not, however, dismiss
conflict-of-interest charges against Erwin and Burum and alleged predicate
crimes associated with the charges.

The appellate court upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges, but
determined McCarville erred by allowing the conflict-of-interest charges to
stand.

Prosecutors appealed to the Supreme Court, which affirmed theappellate court s
decision on the conflict-of-interest charges but reversed its decision on the
bribery charges.

Whether the offeror of a bribe may be charged with aiding and abetting another
in the crime of receiving the bribe depends on whether the offeror s conduct,
beyond merely offering or paying a bribe, satisfies the elements of aiding and
abetting the receipt of the bribe,  Supreme Court Justice Marvin R. Baxter wrote
in his opinion.

Erwin s attorney, Rajan Maline, said he was pleased with the appellate court s
action.

Hopefully, this will give us the ability to go forward and get back to the trial
court,  Maline said.  That s what we re looking forward to and that s what will
happen very soon.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             676 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             March 18, 2014 Tuesday

Appellate court affirms state Supreme Court ruling in Colonies case

BYLINE: Joe Nelson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 537 words


RIVERSIDE >> The 4th District Court of Appeals has affirmed a state Supreme
Court decision to allow a Rancho Cucamonga developer and the former San
Bernardino County assistant assessor to stand trial on certain bribery charges
in a public corruption case.

In a final ruling issued Monday, the appellate court affirmed the Supreme Court
sDec. 23 ruling that reversed the appellate court s prior ruling upholding the
dismissal of bribery charges against developer Jeff Burum and former Assistant
Assessor and labor union president Jim Erwin.

It means the criminal proceedings can now resume in San Bernardino Superior
Court with pretrial motions by the defense, which are set to be heard May 5 by
Judge Michael A. Smith.

We re very pleased to have the case returned to the trial court and look forward
to the court s consideration of our various motions,  Burum s attorney, Stephen
Larson, said.

The appellate court ruling also affirms the Supreme Court s dismissal of alleged
conflict-of-interest charges against Burum and Erwin because they were not
public officials at the time of the alleged crimes.

Burum and Erwin stand accused of conspiring with two county officials in a
bribery scheme to steer a $102 million legal settlement from the county to Burum
s real estate investor group, Colonies Partners LP, in November 2006. Also
charged are former county Supervisor Paul Biane and Mark Kirk, former chief of
staff for Supervisor Gary Ovitt.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

The District Attorney s Office, which partnered with the state Attorney General
s Office in prosecuting the case, has stood by the strength of its case.

Both our office and our partners at the Attorney General s Office continue to be
confident in the facts of this case, and we look forward to presenting our case
in a court of law,  District Attorney Michael A. Ramos said in a statement
Tuesday.

In August 2011, San Bernardino Superior Court Judge Brian McCarville, on request
of Burum s attorney,dismissed all four bribery charges against Burum,
determining that people accused of giving bribes cannot also be charged with
aiding and abetting the receipt of bribes. McCarville did not, however, dismiss
conflict-of-interest charges against Erwin and Burum and alleged predicate
crimes associated with the charges.

The appellate court upheld McCarville s ruling on the bribery charges, but
determined McCarville erred by allowing the conflict-of-interest charges to
stand.

Prosecutors appealed to the Supreme Court, which affirmed theappellate court s
decision on the conflict-of-interest charges but reversed its decision on the
bribery charges.

Whether the offeror of a bribe may be charged with aiding and abetting another
in the crime of receiving the bribe depends on whether the offeror s conduct,
beyond merely offering or paying a bribe, satisfies the elements of aiding and
abetting the receipt of the bribe,  Supreme Court Justice Marvin R. Baxter wrote
in his opinion.

Erwin s attorney, Rajan Maline, said he was pleased with the appellate court s
action.

Hopefully, this will give us the ability to go forward and get back to the trial
court,  Maline said.  That s what we re looking forward to and that s what will
happen very soon.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             677 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 24, 2012 Friday
                                 Drive Edition

BUSINESSMAN TESTIFIES FORMER SENATE LEADER SOUGHT $1,000 A MONTH FOR HIS LEGAL
AID ;
Witness: Ex-senator called payment 'the way it works'

BYLINE: NOLAN CLAY, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 680 words


The owner of an assisted-living company testified Thursday at a bribery trial
that ex-Senate leader Mike Morgan wanted $1,000 a month when he was asked in
2006 for help with regulators.

"This is the way it works: You pay me a $1,000-a-month retainer," the witness,
Sam Crosby, recalled Morgan saying.

"I looked at him a little bit and said, 'Is that legal?' " Crosby, 70,
testified.

He said Morgan, an attorney, replied, "Yeah, that's legal."

"It didn't sound right to me," Crosby told jurors at the federal trial in
Oklahoma City.

The testimony came on the eighth day of the trial for Morgan, longtime lobbyist
Andy Skeith and prominent attorney Martin Stringer.

Morgan is accused of accepting $12,000 in bribes from Crosby's assisted-living
company for influence at the Capitol. Morgan in 2007 introduced a Senate bill
that became law and cleared up a "gray area" in the regulation of
assisted-living centers, according to testimony.

Morgan, a Democrat, also is accused of accepting $141,666 in bribes from a
landfill development company and $250,000 in bribes from an energy company for
political influence. Skeith and Stringer are accused of conspiring with him on
behalf of those two companies. Morgan contends he was paid for legitimate legal
services.

Crosby owns Silver Oak Senior Living, which operates assisted-living centers in
Oklahoma, Texas, Wyoming and Nebraska. Its main office is in Edmond. Crosby
lives in Carney.

Crosby told jurors he hired a lobbyist in 2006 after the state Health Department
kept "dinging" his company with fines.

He testified the lobbyist, Benny Vanatta, set up a meeting in May 2006 with
Morgan at the Capitol. He said at the meeting Vanatta told him to "just spill
out" what his troubles were with the Health Department.

Crosby testified he told Morgan he needed help such as phone calls, legislation
or meetings "to get them off my back."

Crosby testified at that point Vanatta stood up, said he was going to get some
coffee and left the room. Crosby recalled that was when Morgan brought up the
$1,000 monthly payments.

He said the company began paying Morgan by check in July 2006 and stopped in
July 2007, after the legislation passed that helped assisted-living centers. He
said Morgan never did any legal work for the money.

He said he had little further contact with Morgan after the first meeting at the
Capitol. He said Morgan was with him at a meeting with health officials and
Morgan once picked up a political donation from him for a candidate in Tulsa.

Prosecutors on Thursday put into evidence the assisted-living center legislation
that Morgan introduced in 2007. The Senate bill restricted when the state Health
Department could order the removal of an assisted-living center resident.

The bill became law after opponents lobbied legislators in the House to put in
amendments addressing their concerns about resident care.

Defense attorneys say Crosby is lying about what happened because he has his own
criminal case and wants leniency. They have suggested Crosby actually hired
Morgan to sue the Health Department.

Morgan's lead attorney, David Ogle, told The Oklahoman, "He's trying to buy his
way out of jail. He's lying."

Crosby, who also is a rancher, has pleaded guilty in federal court in Oklahoma
City to making a false statement to a bank in 2007. He told the jury he had sold
mortgaged cattle. "That was a no-no," he said.

He is awaiting sentencing by a judge.

He acknowledged Thursday that he hopes to receive leniency at his sentencing
because of his cooperation. He will be questioned by Morgan's attorney when he
resumes testifying Friday morning.

Morgan, 57, of Stillwater, Stringer, 71, of Oklahoma City, and Skeith, 53, of
Edmond, were indicted in March. All three have pleaded not guilty.

Morgan was Senate president pro tem or co-president pro tem from March 2005
until November 2008, according to the indictment.

Prosecutors told U.S. District Judge Robin Cauthron they expect to finish their
case Friday. Defense attorneys will begin calling witnesses, including several
state legislators, next week.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2012 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             678 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

5th Circuit hears Zach Scruggs' appeal of 2008 conviction

BYLINE: Patsy R. Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 913 words


July 10--NEW ORLEANS --A three-judge panel listened and asked questions Monday
about issues former Oxford attorney Zach Scruggs raises in his quest to have his
2008 conviction and sentence overturned.

"They asked all the right questions," said Scruggs' attorney, Edward "Chip"
Robertson Jr., after the hour-long hearing in the 5th Circuit Court of Appeals'
ornate courtroom in downtown New Orleans. "They focused on the right issues, now
we'll see."

Scruggs, 38, pleaded guilty to knowing about, concealing and failing to report a
felony --in this case someone else's illegal contact with a judge presiding over
a legal-fees lawsuit against his litigator father, Richard F. "Dickie" Scruggs,
and others surrounding Katrina insurance cases.

In November 2007, both Scruggses, a law partner, and two others were indicted on
multiple counts that they conspired to bribe Circuit Judge Henry L. Lackey of
Calhoun City. The government also alleged they tried to deprive the public of
Lackey's "honest services." Everyone but Zach Scruggs pleaded guilty to one
count and went to prison.

Zach Scruggs insisted he knew nothing about a bribery scheme, but pleaded guilty
to knowing about the conversations with the judge about sending their case to
arbitration.

In Oxford, Senior Judge Neal B. Biggers Jr. sentenced him to 14 months in prison
and $250,000 fine with 12 months post-release supervision.

Months later, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in the Texas case Skilling v. USA
that only bribery or kickbacks are so-called "honest services" crimes. Scruggs
maintains he pleaded guilty to neither.

In the 5th Circuit hearing, Robertson reminded the judges that Biggers agreed at
Scruggs' sentencing that he did not plead guilty to any part of a bribery case.

Key to their side's issues, Robertson said, was that the document that charged
Scruggs, charged him with misprision to something that isn't a crime.

Assistant U.S. Attorney John Marshall Alexander insisted during the government's
30 minutes allotted that the younger Scruggs knew about the bribe.

Two of the appeals court judges --Senior Judge Patrick E. Higginbotham and Judge
W. Eugene Davis --asked numerous questions of both sides, while Judge James L.
Dennis listened.

Couldn't a reasonable juror conclude that payment to co-defendant Timothy
Balducci for pre-trial work "was just a cover for a bribe?" Davis said to
Robertson.

"It's important to look at the evidence," Robertson responded, saying Balducci
admitted he never talked to Zach Scruggs about a bribe and that a Nov. 1, 2007,
conversation about edits to the judge's proposed arbitration order gave no
indication Scruggs knew.

"You can't join a conspiracy without an affirmative action," Robertson said.
"This whole case boils down to those eight minutes," referring to the secretly
recorded meeting in the Scruggs Law Firm on the Square in Oxford.

Dennis, though, suggested Scruggs might have known as Balducci talked about
"taking another load of sweet potatoes" to Lackey that it was about money, a
bribe.

"If you know he means money, yes," Robertson responded. "But I believe --if you
hear the tapes --he doesn't join the conspiracy."

Davis asked Alexander if no crime is charged in the pleading documents, would
the court have no jurisdiction, in the wake of the Skilling decision?

"Skilling did not invalidate misprision," Alexander responded.

He told the judges that Scruggs knew about the bribe and that Balducci told him
to get the arbitration order right "because we're paying for it."

But, Judge Higginbotham asked him, does his indictment or record of his plea
state an underlying felony?

Alexander said an associated document, called the factual basis, "shows it was
to corruptly influence."

Higginbotham also noted that when Scruggs pleaded guilty, he was emphatic that
he knew nothing about the bribery, and that Biggers accepted that.

While Alexander told the panel "it didn't matter at the time," Higginbotham
said, "It does here. I don't see any specific conduct being charged."

The crime was conspiracy to bribe and honest services bribery, which "are
Skilling-proof," Alexander responded.

Higginbotham and Davis, though, appeared skeptical on that point.

"You're not showing me that," Higginbotham said, "if you're left with a plea to
honest services and the Supreme Court says it's not a crime."

Alexander said that because Scruggs did not appeal his guilty plea and
conviction, he's barred from raising the Skilling issue.

Biggers presided over Scruggs' first appeals hearing in 2011 and denied it,
which moved the case to the Court of Appeals.

For Scruggs to win in court, Biggers and the government contend he must prove
actual innocence on all charges, not just the misprision count, and convince his
appeals panel that not one reasonable, well instructed juror would have voted
for his guilt at trial.

In his appeal denial order, Biggers also noted that conspiracy to commit wire
fraud was part of the original charges, and that charge is not affected by the
Skilling decision.

Experienced court-watchers say the 5th Circuit is interested in hearing both
sides' issues in this case because so few Skilling appeals have come their way.

The panel's decision isn't likely immediately, and whoever loses may seek
further relief from the U.S. Supreme Court.

patsy.brumfield@journalinc.com

___ (c)2012 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120710-TP-HLT-5th-Circuit-hears-Zach-Scruggs-appeal-of-2008-conviction-0710-20
120710

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2012 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             679 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Is this the largest bribe accepted by a public official ever?

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE -- A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to
accepting a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal
officials say may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public
official in an undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             680 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Is this the largest bribe accepted by a public official ever?

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE -- A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to
accepting a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal
officials say may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public
official in an undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             681 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                            February 15, 1999, FINAL

OK, I did it - I took bribes

BYLINE: Bernie Lincicome, Chicago Tribune

SECTION: Sports; D8

LENGTH: 754 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


I can't recall which bribe this is. I'm not even sure I know what it is. It's an
amulet of some sort, Inuit I think, but it could be French. Maybe Korean.

What I can't recall is which Olympics bribed me with it. It has to be worth at
least $3. I've been meaning to send it back but there is no return address.

That's how they get you, suck you in and make you part of their selfish business
by making it impossible to return their gifts.

I'm sure that is exactly what has happened to the International Olympic
Committee people. They want to do the right thing and don't know how. They are
falling like downhill skiers at Val-d'Isere.

Somebody is nice, you find a little something under your door or wrapped in your
return laundry, you can't even say thanks, and the next thing you know, you're
being audited by world opinion.

So, I am coming clean. I call on all my fellow bribees to do the same, for the
sake of the Olympic ideal and, of course, for the sake of the children. I have
taken Olympic bribes and I have the bribes I could find lined up in front of me.

Here, from Los Angeles, is a commemorative Coca- Cola bottle, still unopened.
Twelve ounces. What must that be worth? We know 1984 was a very good year for
U.S. gold medals, but as for soft drinks, well, this was pre-Classic Coke. It
has to be worth something around $8 now.

I'm sure I still have Peter Ueberroth's address somewhere. I'll mail it back in
the morning.

This is all Ueberroth's fault, you know. Juan Antonio Samaranch may have
cultivated the culture of greed, but it was America's own Ueberroth who planted
the seeds.

He brought profit into the Olympics, showed the world how to make money from an
enterprise that was without suitors. Post-Munich, post-Montreal, the Olympics
had become the venues of terrorism and bloated cost overrides.

The world wouldn't touch the Olympics with a 10-foot pole, or let a vaulter use
one that had a sponsors' name on it.  Skiers used to have to tape over the brand
name on their skis, and track shoes had to look like funeral wear, none of that
shiny gold of Michael Johnson's in Atlanta, of which I have a minature pair on a
key chain, courtesy of Nike. They would have to go for at least $5.95 in a flea
market.

By the time L.A. got the Games, it was doing the IOC a favour. As I recall, the
only other serious bidder was Tehran. But after Ueberroth's blueprint, all those
levels of sponsorship, all that loot willingly spent to be part of the show, the
world couldn't wait to get on board the new money train.

Here's a Korean bribe. From 1988. Technically, I guess, it is a USOC bribe but
it was given to me when I got to South Korea. A golf visor. With a picture of
Mickey Mouse and the Olympic rings on it. Team Olympics. Team USA. Team Mickey.
I figure $2.98.

South Korea had to be the most blatant bribers. Every day something new showed
up in a mailbox or outside the door. I left most of it behind. I kept the shower
shoes and the beer opener shaped like the Korean peninsula. Between them,
$17.50.

This is the way the Olympic world works. People give people things to get their
good favour. Come to think of, the rest of the world works pretty much the same
way. Salt Lake City bought the Olympics? Hey, the Olympics were for sale,
weren't they?

I have bribed a Norwegian. I gave him a Chicago Tribune neck scarf and a Dayton
Daily News ballpoint pen for a parking pass. Sucker.

Where did this golf cap come from? Ah, yes, Albertville. A sponsors cap it is,
touting a headache medicine. I remember sitting at my work station and somebody
I didn't know put it on my head. Who do I send it back to? I. Buprofen? It's
worth $4, tops.

Barcelona was hot, very hot. One of Carl Lewis's sponsors, a Japanese sports
drink called Pocari Sweat, gave me a fan, not one of those elegant Spanish fans
that spread out accordion style but just a piece of cardboard on a stick. Still,
I took it and I used it: $1.98.

For some reason, Nagano offered a bottomless supply of condoms, each packet
decorated with the Olympic rings and those cute little snowlets, the mascots of
the Games. I thought they were books of matches. Honest. But I have to count
them. Maybe $11.75.

Here's a tin of biscuit mix from Atlanta, a nail file from Montreal, an ashtray
from Lake Placid . . . round the rest of it off at $15. It's all going back.
Let's add this up. A grand total of $70.16. Hmmm. More than I thought. I'm
keeping the condoms.


LOAD-DATE: February 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1999 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             682 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Is this the largest bribe accepted by a public official ever?

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE -- A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to
accepting a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal
officials say may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public
official in an undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             683 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            The Independent (London)

                            August 18, 2007 Saturday
                                 Fourth Edition

Alaskan politicians investigated for 'taking favours from oil companies'

BYLINE: Leonard Doyle in Washington

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 386 words


Alaska's permafrost is melting faster than anywhere else on earth, but a
political meltdown now threatens its Republican leaders with the state's entire
Congressional delegation under investigation for corruption. Even Senator Ted
Stevens, 83 years of age and 39 years in office, is being investigated for
favours he allegedly received from an oil company, in the form of a luxurious
extension to his Alaskan home.

Now that Congress is in recess, "Uncle Ted", as he is known, is back in town,
flatly denying any wrongdoing. Last month, the FBI searched Senator Stevens's
house for clues to his friendship with a businessman already convicted of
bribing local politicians.

His son, Ben, is also accused of accepting bribes when he was serving as
president of the State Senate. However, neither Uncle Ted nor his son have been
charged to date.

The corruption allegations are as crass as they get, with oil industry lobbyists
accused of passing out envelopes stuffed with cash on the very floor of the
state legislature.

Alaska's US senators then allegedly funnelled government money back to the
companies, and the lobbyists who were doling out the favours.

Alaska's economy is based on making vast amounts of money from government-owned
lands. The politicians control access to these lands and anyone keen to make a
buck first makes a beeline to Juneau, the state capital, or to Alaska's
representatives in Washington DC. Last year the FBI began investigating bribes
paid by an oil company called Veco and raided the offices of six state
legislators. They are trying to establish whether the politicians are taking
bribes from Veco and other associated companies in return for government
contracts.

The investigation has led to one state-level politician being convicted of bribe
taking, while four lobbyists are up on charges of handing them out. Votes in the
Juneau state senate were allegedly being directed by oil industry lobbyists and
at one stage a lobbyist was spotted handing voting instructions across the
barrier between lawmakers and the public.

The political crisis has disgusted many in Alaska, but Senator Stevens is
standing firm,. This week he dismissed the investigation saying he was proud of
his record, "regardless of the slings and arrows I've faced attacking what I've
tried to do for Alaskans in Alaska".

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                      Copyright 2007 Independent Print Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             684 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 20, 2014 Thursday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Pol's aide: Bribe got me 'hot'

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: BROOKLYN NEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 269 words


SHE said the $1,000 bribe made her "hot," but not in a sexual way.

Ry-Ann Hermon, the treacherous ex-chief of staff to embattled Assemblyman
William Boyland, Jr., clarified the money quote Wednesday during her day on the
witness stand in Brooklyn Federal Court.

Hermon was secretly recorded at the Blue Water Grill in Manhattan by an
undercover FBI agent posing as a crooked businessman. "Oh, my God! You just,
like, made me hot!" she cooed when the agent handed her 10 Benjamins.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert Capers pressed the witness to explain what she
meant.

"I got an adrenaline rush that made me hot," Hermon said, telling the prosecutor
that it was more like a hot flash than passion.

But Hermon apparently thought the hunky FBI agent was attracted to her and
acknowledged that in future conversations about obtaining favors in Boyland's
district, she flirted with him.

"Just to see where it goes, to see if we would have dates," she said.

Hermon pleaded guilty to soliciting bribes and is testifying against her ex-boss
with the hope of receiving a lesser jail sentence.

Boyland and Hermon were lovers while she worked for him, but her contempt for
him becomes clearer by the day.

Hermon was pocketing cash bribes behind Boyland's back, she testified, because
he didn't share any kickbacks with her.

She has called Boyland an "idiot," "spoiled," and "unenthusiastic about his
job."

The prosecutor said it sounded like she was playing both sides of the deal.

"I was," Hermon replied.

Boyland faces up to 30 years in prison if he's convicted of the charges of
soliciting bribes and mail fraud.

jmarzulli@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 Daily News, L.P.


                             685 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   Philly.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Ex-PLCB marketing director charged in taking bribes, kickbacks

BYLINE: Sam Wood, Philly.com

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 345 words


Aug. 31--The former head of marketing for the Pennsylvania Liquor Control Board
is expected to plead guilty to federal charges for allegedly taking bribes and
kickbacks to boost sales of various products.

James H. Short Jr., 50,  was the director of marketing and merchandizing for the
state's 500 liquor stores. Short was in charge of recommending which products
should be sold and which should be discontinued, according to court documents.

The PLCB is one of the largest buyers of alcohol in the world.

Federal prosecutors said Short secretly used the position, between 2003 and
2012, to enrich himself.  Short allegedly accepted a "stream of benefits" from a
distiller and a liquor wholesaler. Those benefits included cash, meals, sports
tickets, golf outings and multiple all-expense paid trips, according to court
papers. Court papers do not identify either the distiller or the wholesaler by
name.

In February 2010, for example, the unnamed distiller chartered a private jet to
fly Short to Bonita Springs, Florida for an all-expense-paid vacation.

"The purpose of the trip was to influence Short's recommendation to list a
particular product," according to an information filed in Harrisburg today.
Following the trip, Short's actions led to the product being adopted by the PLCB
stores.

In December 2011, Short allegedly took another all-expense-paid golf outing to
Bonita Springs on the distiller's dime.

Last year, the Pennsylvania Ethics Commission found Short and two other PLCB
officials improperly accepted gifts from vendors. Former chairman Patrick "P.J."
Stapleton, who resigned in 2012, was ordered to repay the state $7,258. Former
CEO Joseph Conti, who resigned in 2013, was ordered to pay $2,382.

Short, who retired in March 2014, was ordered to repay $13,586.

Contact Sam Wood at 215-854-2796 or samwood@phillynews.com Follow @samwoodiii on
Twitter.

Contact the Breaking News Desk at 215-854-2443; BreakingNewsDesk@philly.com
Follow @phillynews on Twitter.

___ (c)2015 Philly.com Visit Philly.com at www.philly.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150831-PHI-Ex-PLCB-marketing-director-charged-in-taking-bribes
-kickbacks-0831-20150831

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PHI


                                 Copyright 2015


                             686 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 28, 1988 Monday
                                  Late Edition

KITCHEN INSPECTORS GOT RICH ON BRIBES

BYLINE: DEBORAH CAMERON, Herald Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 339 words


NEW YORK, Sunday: New York is a city preoccupied with vermin. And its health
inspectors are supposed to be the incorruptible agents of extermination.

Instead they have succumbed to that other lively New York germ, greed.

Late last week, 28 health inspectors were charged with taking bribes of hundreds
of thousands of dollars from 300 restaurant owners.

The corrupt inspectors were allegedly taking up to $US3,000 ($A4,054) a day in
bribes and using the money to fund lavish lifestyles.

The head of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Mr James Fox, said that some
inspectors arrived at restaurants driving Cadillacs and wearing Rolex watches.

The prosecution of corrupt health inspectors follows charges last year against
corrupt parking inspectors, Taxi Bureau officials, building inspectors and a
separate group of health officials involved in granting contracts to suppliers
of medical equipment.

The restaurant inspectors threatened to name the restaurants in a blacklist
published by The New York Times, New York Newsday and The Daily News if owners
failed to pay. A mention in the blacklist meant instant ruin in the cut-throat
New York food industry.

The city employs about 140 health inspectors to check the city's 15,000
restaurants. They are supposed to inspect everything from the serving
temperature of bolognese sauce to evidence of mice and mould in the pantry.

The manager of a Manhattan McDonald's restaurant, Mr Cono Marzan, said that a
recent inspection of his kitchen had been done by a man wearing a large diamond
ring.

"I just don't know how people can get enough money to buy diamonds like that,"
Mr Marzan said.

Although he had not been asked to pay money to avoid blacklisting or
prosecution, he had heard of demands being made on other owners.

As part of a plan to deter and detect corruption among inspectors, in the wake
of the scandal, undercover agents will be placed in 11 agencies that issue
licences, impose fines for violations and have the power to close restaurants
and buildings for health and safety violations.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1988 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             687 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Three Labor Union Members Plead Guilty in Manhattan Federal Court to
Accepting Bribes in Exchange for Labor Union Memberships

LENGTH: 763  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that CHRISTOPHER LUPINO and KELWYN BENJAMIN pled guilty today, and
ADAM FORESTA pled guilty on March 31, 2015, each to participating in a
conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud in connection with their
accepting bribes in exchange for memberships in Steamfitters Local 638, a New
York City labor union. FORESTA, LUPINO, BENJAMIN, and James Sheeran were
arrested in November 2014. LUPINO, BENJAMIN, and FORESTA pled guilty today in
Manhattan federal court before United States District Judge William H. Pauley
III.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "With their guilty pleas Christopher
Lupino, Kelwyn Benjamin, and Adam Foresta have accepted responsibility for their
roles in a scheme to swap memberships in Steamfitters Local 638 for cash bribes.
We will continue to work with our law enforcement partners at the FBI, the U.S.
Department of Labor, and the NYPD to stamp out union fraud wherever we find it."

According to allegations contained in the Indictment, the underlying criminal
Complaint unsealed on November 5, 2014, and statements made during court
proceedings:

FORESTA, LUPINO, BENJAMIN, and Sheeran were each members of Steamfitters Local
638, a local division of a labor union that represents workers in the plumbing
and pipefitting industries in New York City (the "Union"). Sheeran was an
organizer for the Union and worked on membership recruitment. In that capacity,
he owed fiduciary duties to Steamfitters Local 638.

In December 2013, an individual who has not been charged ("Applicant-1") told a
cooperating witness (the "CW") that Applicant-1 had been offered membership in
the Union--what is known as a "Union book"--in exchange for a $35,000 bribe.
Applicant-1 asked the CW to help him/her pay for the Union book.

Over the next several months, FORESTA, LUPINO, and BENJAMIN each had
conversations, which were recorded by the Federal Bureau of Investigation
("FBI"), with the CW about buying Union books for Applicant-1 and another
individual who has not been charged ("Applicant-2"). During these calls, the CW
was told that each Union book would cost $40,000--$5,000 for the typical Union
application fee and a $35,000 cash bribe.

In October 2014, Applicant-1 met with Sheeran, who coached Applicant-1 to
provide answers to questions from Union officials to enable him to secure
approval from the interviewing officials, including by misleading the Union
officials. Applicant-1 and Applicant-2 met with the Union committee later that
month in connection with their applications. After that meeting, LUPINO told the
CW that approvals from the Union would come soon.

On November 3, 2014, a few days before Applicant-1 and Applicant-2's memberships
were to be issued, LUPINO and FORESTA arranged for FORESTA to meet with the CW
to pick up the bribes for the two Union books. LUPINO told the CW to bring
$70,000 in cash and that the other $10,000, which would go to the Union for
application fees, should be paid for by check or money order. On November 4,
2014, FORESTA and the CW met in Manhattan. The CW gave FORESTA $35,000 in cash
for one Union book--telling FORESTA he/she would pay for the second Union book
the next day.

* * *

FORESTA, 45, of Staten Island, New York, LUPINO, 51, of New Monmouth, New
Jersey, and BENJAMIN, 41, of New York, New York, each pled guilty to one count
of conspiring to commit honest services wire fraud, which carries a maximum term
of 20 years in prison. The maximum potential sentence in this case is prescribed
by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes only, as any
sentencing of the defendants will be determined by the judge.

FORESTA, LUPINO, and BENJAMIN are all scheduled to be sentenced on July 31,
2015. Trial against Sheeran is scheduled to begin on September 15, 2015, before
Judge Pauley.

Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI, the United States
Department of Labor, Office of Inspector General, Office of Labor Racketeering
and Fraud Investigations, and the New York City Police Department.

The case is being prosecuted by the Office's Violent & Organized Crime Unit.
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joshua A. Naftalis and Jordan Estes are in charge of
the prosecution.

The allegations contained in the Indictment against Sheeran are merely
accusations, and he is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             688 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Bangkok Post

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

US charges 'bribes for visas' case

LENGTH: 490  words


Four US law enforcement officers were charged with accepting cash, a TV, and
plane tickets to Thailand among bribes dating back more than a decade to help
dozens of foreigners enter the country, authorities announced Wednesday.

Bribes allegedly allowed certain immigrants to bypass the lines and get quick
approval on their US visas. (AP file photo)

The ongoing investigation ensnared employees from three different federal
agencies and is the latest in a series of incidents involving government
employees accused of trying to sneak people into the United States.

Among those charged with conspiracy to commit bribery are James Dominguez, 46, a
special agent with US Immigration and Customs Enforcement; Jesus Figueroa, 66, a
supervisory officer with Citizenship and Immigration Services and Michael
Anders, 53, a Customs and Border Protection officer.

Also charged were Paul Lovingood, 71, who retired last year from Citizenship and
Immigration Services, and Mirei Gia Hoffman, 38, a native of Japan, who was
seeking legal status in the US

Federal prosecutors said immigration lawyer Kwang Man Lee, who was previously
charged in a related case, paid bribes to the officers to secure admission
stamps and lawful permanent residence status for people who paid fees ranging
from a few hundred dollars to more than $50,000.

The bribes ranged from as little as $50 to as much as $10,000, prosecutors said.
Lee also is accused of giving Dominguez three round-trip airline tickets to
Thailand between 2001 and 2003, and a 47-inch TV to Lovingood earlier this year.

In return, the officers helped more than 35 of Lee's clients, many from Asian
countries, receive legal US status, prosecutors said. One of the examples cited
in court documents claims Anders gave security ink to Lee that allowed the
attorney to create counterfeit admission stamps.

"The allegations in this case concern federal law enforcement officers selling
their services and betraying their oaths to our nation so they could profit from
a clandestine immigration fraud ring that allowed scores of aliens to improperly
enter and reside in the United States," said US Attorney Andre Birotte Jr.

Lee met some of the defendants when he worked as an officer for the
now-shuttered Immigration and Naturalisation Service, authorities said. It's
unclear if any of the officers charged in this case knew one another.

Immigration fraud involving government employees has been documented before. A
Government Accountability Office report in December showed more than 140 current
or former employees of Customs and Border Protection, which is responsible for
policing the nation's borders, have been arrested or indicted for
corruption-related activities since the 2005 fiscal year.

If convicted of all counts, Figueroa would face a maximum penalty of 80 years in
federal prison; Anders would face a maximum 65-year term; and Lovingood and
Dominguez would each get a maximum of 20 years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Bangkok Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             689 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             October 8, 2010 Friday
                                  Main Edition

Readers write

BYLINE: For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 499 words


POLITICS

Elected officials sell souls for almighty dollar

"Alabama bribes for bingo alleged" (News, Oct. 5) is a fine example to help
voters understand that lobbyists pay our politicians for favors (in other words,
bribes). It's an appalling situation.

Many corporations such as insurance companies have a lot of money to pay
politicians. They don't do it because the politician is pretty. They expect, and
often get, favors. Lobbyists also have a big effect on our foreign policy ---
with little concern for what is good for America. Who can stop this? The very
ones who accept the bribes --- our politicians. Think they'll change things? No,
they'll sell their souls for that lobby money. Americans can stop this by voting
all of them out --- and by demanding an end to lobbying bribes.

Lujean Rogers, Stone Mountain

EMPLOYMENT

Finding the money first is not being heartless

Cynthia Tucker's recent rant on the unfairness of those not supporting the
extension of unemployment benefits rings hollow ("Unfair stigma punishes
jobless," Opinion, Oct. 6). For her to imply that people should receive benefits
now due to the severity of the recession, but those wanting benefits in the
1990s were less deserving flies in the face of anyone with a memory.

In her quest to imply that anyone who would have the temerity to want limits on
unemployment compensation doesn't have a heart, she conveniently fails to
mention that those who are resisting a perpetual extension of benefits are
simply requesting that the extension be paid for. Demonizing people unfairly is
her right, but frequently what she leaves out ensures she is perceived as wrong.
ERIC SANDBERG, Atlanta

POLITICS

Georgia doesn't need 'voodoo economics'

I was at a recent meeting where candidate Nathan Deal spoke. He proposed cutting
taxes on businesses, to have a more friendly business climate. He never
mentioned cutting any programs or services. As a fiscal conservative, maybe I am
missing something here. How can we balance the budget if we spend the same and
cut taxes? In the words of a fellow Republican, this looks like "voodoo
economics" to me. No wonder Deal has financial problems of his own. JACK
BERNARD, MONTICELLO

GOVERNMENT

Financial growth begins, ends in private sector

While we are all aware that the cost of government on all levels is
unsustainable, no one seems to know how to deal with its cancer-like growth. We
must deal with it before we will see a sustainable economic recovery.

An excellent starting point would be examining the "safety net" agencies created
in the last 75 years, to determine if they are filling a modern need. The likely
answer is "no".

Economic growth does not spring from how many bureaucracies are created.
Credible economic growth begins and ends in the private sector.

Until we as legal citizens realize the danger in which our economy has been
placed by keeping these useless agencies afloat, we will never see the financial
growth that we are capable of achieving.

Wayne Collingsworth, Statesboro

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2010 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             690 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 28, 2008 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Two firms sue Army for $11M in damages;
Claim contracts canceled unfairly

BYLINE: Matt Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 591 words


WASHINGTON -- Two companies who say their Army contracts were canceled as part
of the biggest bribery scandal of the Iraq war are seeking $11million in
damages.

The companies sued the Army over contracts managed in Kuwait by Maj. John
Cockerham, an Army officer indicted on fraud charges. Cockerham faces trial in
April on charges he took $9.6 million in bribes in 2004 and 2005 from firms
seeking business with the U.S. military in Kuwait and Iraq.

A partner in one of the companies suing the Army says Cockerham solicited a
bribe just after signing a contract. Michael Hightower of Seraphim Transport
said in a sworn statement that after he signed the deal in December 2005,
Cockerham said, "Now, what are you going to do for me?"

"I laughed it off. I didn't think anything of it," Hightower said in a telephone
interview with USA TODAY from Kuwait. He said he realized corruption was
involved during a chance meeting a month later in a parking lot with another
Army officer overseeing the contract.

"He said, 'What kind of deal do you have with Maj. Cockerham? We have someone
here who can get money back to the States.' I said, 'I'm not giving you money
for a contract,'" Hightower said.

Cockerham's lawyer, Jimmy Parks, said his client denies seeking bribes.

In all, the Army paid $122million on the contracts that Cockerham's indictment
says were tainted by bribery, according to a database maintained by the U.S.
General Services Administration.

Cockerham is one of 40  people the Justice Department has charged with
corruption or related crimes involving contracts for the wars in Iraq and
Afghanistan. About $14 million in bribes have changed hands, according to Army
Criminal Investigation Command spokesman Chris Grey.

About $17 million has been seized from those defendants or ordered to be paid as
restitution, according to the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq
Reconstruction. Federal authorities have seized $172,000 in a bank account
allegedly linked to Cockerham and three vacant lots in San Antonio allegedly
purchased with nearly $510,000 in bribes.

The Army is conducting about 90 other corruption investigations involving
contracts worth $6 billion.

Gulf Group General Enterprises of Kuwait is seeking $10million over three supply
contracts canceled in 2004 by Cockerham and Maj. Gloria Davis. Davis killed
herself in Baghdad in December 2006 after admitting to investigators she took
$225,000 in bribes, federal agents and prosecutors have said in affidavits filed
in federal court in Alexandria, Va.

Davis and Cockerham awarded contracts to Gulf Group for trash bins, portable
latrines and other equipment in September 2004, according to copies of the
contracts filed in court. Cockerham and Davis shortly after canceled all three
contracts, between Oct. 12 and Oct. 21, 2004, those records show.

The cancellation documents cite rules allowing contracts to be canceled "for the
convenience of the government."

Judges have suspended action in those suits pending the outcome of the criminal
trial.

In Seraphim's case, the Army canceled its bottled water contract in February
2006, records in the $1 million lawsuit say. Hightower said Army officials told
him the contract was ended because of errors in the documents Cockerham
prepared.

"I feel like it was purposely structured like that so if we refused to give them
a bribe, then they could terminate the contract and call it an administrative
error," Hightower said.

Justice Department spokesman Charles Miller said the department would not
comment on ongoing civil cases.

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John Davenport, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             691 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 9, 2006 Friday
                                 THIRD EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 388 words


MEMPHIS, TENN.

Ex-senator is convicted of accepting bribes

A former state senator was convicted Thursday of extortion for taking payoffs
from a fake company set up by the FBI to catch corrupt lawmakers.

Roscoe Dixon, a Memphis Democrat, was the first of five lawmakers charged in the
case to go to trial.

He had been charged with seeking and accepting payoffs from E-Cycle Management,
which offered bribes to state and local officials across Tennessee. Dixon was
accused of taking $9,500 in bribes to help E-Cycle change state law so the
company could buy and recycle used government computers.

The jury began deliberations Wednesday after five days of testimony that
included recordings of two Dixon associates talking with undercover agents about
how much the senator would charge to file legislation for E-Cycle.

WASHINGTON

Black Caucus supports embattled lawmaker

A drive by the Democratic leadership to strip embattled Rep. William Jefferson
of his committee post triggered a backlash Thursday as the Congressional Black
Caucus opposed the move and said the Louisiana lawmaker deserves a "presumption
of innocence."

The caucus chairman, Rep. Melvin Watt of North Carolina, told reporters that
some black voters might ask why action was sought against "a black member of
Congress" when there was neither precedent nor rule for it.

Jefferson has not been indicted and has denied all wrongdoing in connection with
a federal bribery investigation that has netted two convictions.

WASHINGTON

Union lawsuit pushes safety for coal miners

The coal miners' union is suing the government to ensure miners have working
oxygen supplies and know how to use them.

The suit by the United Mine Workers of America comes a day after Congress passed
sweeping legislation overhauling mine safety rules. The union backed the
legislation but said its lawsuit deals with separate concerns.

UMW president Cecil Roberts said the union wants the Mine Safety and Health
Administration to conduct random checks of oxygen devices used underground. He
said that's necessary because of reports the devices are faulty.

The union's lawsuit, filed in the U.S. District Court in Washington, also seeks
to force the mine agency to do more to train miners to use the air packs.
Roberts said training is typically done in a classroom but ought to be moved to
a mine-like setting.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  NATION

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             692 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 23, 1988, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Rent-Law Chief Held on Charges In Bribe Inquiry

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 460 words


The state official in charge of enforcing New York City's rent-control and
rent-stabilization laws was arrested yesterday in Manhattan on bribery and grand
larceny charges stemming from an undercover operation organized by the Manhattan
District Attorney.

The official, Victor Braunstein, chief of the rent administration's enforcement
unit in the State Division of Housing and Community Renewal, was charged with
taking $1,500 from a Manhattan landlord in exchange for fixing tenant harassment
complaints in the landlord's favor.

According to the District Attorney, Robert M. Morgenthau, three separate bribes
of $500 were paid to Mr. Braunstein with money supplied by his office. He said a
city police detective posed as a complaining tenant in the landlord's apartment
building on West 13th Street.

Mr. Morgenthau said the decision to involve his office in a bribery attempt was
made last year after the landlord, whom he refused to identify, complained to
his office of being pressured into paying bribes to Mr. Braustein over the last
seven years to resolve tenant harassment complaints in the landlord's favor.

'Going to Need Help'

In February, the complaint said, the landlord said he went to Mr. Braunstein's
office at 17 John Street to discuss a tenant's complaint on a building he was
attempting to turn cooperative.

''I'm telling you right now, you're going to need help on this case,'' the
landlord quoted Mr. Braunstein as saying, according to the complaint.

''Sure, we can work something out,'' Mr. Braunstein was quoted as saying. ''The
point is, it's going to cost some bucks.''

As a result, Mr. Morgenthau said, the landlord agreed to cooperate in an
operation in which the landlord and a detective posing as a tenant would set up
a situation in which Mr. Braunstein would be approached with new tenant
complaints and the landlord would offer new bribes to resolve them in his favor.


Secretly Videotaped

He said Mr. Braunstein took the initial bribe last March 18, and two others on
April 11 and Sept. 16. Law-enforcement officials said the exchanges were
secretly recorded and videotaped.

Mr. Morgenthau said Commissioner Richard L. Higgins of the State Division of
Housing and Community Renewal was cooperating with the undercover action. The
division's enforcement unit handles harassment complaints involving more than
900,000 rent-controlled or rent-stabilized apartments in the city.

The District Attorney said Mr. Braunstein, who has headed enforcement efforts
since 1973, also received other bribes from the landlord totaling $9,000 over a
seven-year periord.

Mr. Braustein, 52 years old, of 175 West 13th Street, is expected to be
arraigned today. If convicted, he faces a prison sentence of 5 to 15 years.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             693 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

California: Former Bank of America Employee Sentenced to 30 Months in Federal
Prison for Taking Bribes to Approve Artificially Low-Price Short Sales

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Central District of California has
issued the following press release:

A former Bank of America employee was sentenced this morning to 30 months in
federal prison for taking more than $1.2 million in bribes to approve
artificially low-price short sales of properties on which the bank held
mortgages.

Kevin Lauricella, 29, of Thousand Oaks, was sentenced by United States District
Judge Otis D. Wright II. In addition to the 2½-year prison term, Judge Wright
ordered Lauricella to pay $5.7 million restitution to Bank of America and to
forfeit his residence, which had been purchased with some of the bribe money.

In January, Lauricella pleaded guilty to two felony charges - receiving bribes
and making false entries in the bank's books and records. The fraudulent short
sales that Lauricella approved in return for the bribes resulted in at least
$5.7 million in losses to the bank. The fraudulent short sales also clouded the
title on the properties, which in turn resulted in expensive litigation for
innocent parties, including individuals who purchased the homes later.

Lauricella worked in the Short Sale Department of Bank of America's Simi Valley
office in 2010 and 2011. He was responsible for negotiating short sale
transactions, in which a lender allows property securing a mortgage or deed of
trust to be sold for less than the existing loan balance, usually because the
borrower can no longer make the payments due on the loan or because the fair
market value of the property has dropped below the balance due. By approving the
short sale, the lender agrees to release the lien on the property securing the
mortgage even though the lender will receive less than the full amount owed.

In return for bribes - which were paid by various individuals who purchased the
properties so they could be "flipped" - Lauricella used his position to
"approve" short sales that he was not authorized to approve and that were for
sales prices far below the fair market value of the subject properties.
Lauricella then made false entries in Bank of America's computer system to make
it appear that Bank of America had approved the short sales for the below-market
prices. When he pleaded guilty, Lauricella admitted approving fraudulent short
sales for at least nine properties.

The case against Lauricella is the result of an investigation by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/cac

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             694 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

California: Former Bank of America Employee Sentenced to 30 Months in Federal
Prison for Taking Bribes to Approve Artificially Low-Price Short Sales

LENGTH: 413  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Central District of California has
issued the following press release:

A former Bank of America employee was sentenced this morning to 30 months in
federal prison for taking more than $1.2 million in bribes to approve
artificially low-price short sales of properties on which the bank held
mortgages.

Kevin Lauricella, 29, of Thousand Oaks, was sentenced by United States District
Judge Otis D. Wright II. In addition to the 2½-year prison term, Judge Wright
ordered Lauricella to pay $5.7 million restitution to Bank of America and to
forfeit his residence, which had been purchased with some of the bribe money.

In January, Lauricella pleaded guilty to two felony charges - receiving bribes
and making false entries in the bank's books and records. The fraudulent short
sales that Lauricella approved in return for the bribes resulted in at least
$5.7 million in losses to the bank. The fraudulent short sales also clouded the
title on the properties, which in turn resulted in expensive litigation for
innocent parties, including individuals who purchased the homes later.

Lauricella worked in the Short Sale Department of Bank of America's Simi Valley
office in 2010 and 2011. He was responsible for negotiating short sale
transactions, in which a lender allows property securing a mortgage or deed of
trust to be sold for less than the existing loan balance, usually because the
borrower can no longer make the payments due on the loan or because the fair
market value of the property has dropped below the balance due. By approving the
short sale, the lender agrees to release the lien on the property securing the
mortgage even though the lender will receive less than the full amount owed.

In return for bribes - which were paid by various individuals who purchased the
properties so they could be "flipped" - Lauricella used his position to
"approve" short sales that he was not authorized to approve and that were for
sales prices far below the fair market value of the subject properties.
Lauricella then made false entries in Bank of America's computer system to make
it appear that Bank of America had approved the short sales for the below-market
prices. When he pleaded guilty, Lauricella admitted approving fraudulent short
sales for at least nine properties.

The case against Lauricella is the result of an investigation by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/cac

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             695 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Washington: Marubeni Corporation Sentenced for Foreign Bribery Violations

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Marubeni Corporation, a Japanese trading company involved in the handling of
products and provision of services in a broad range of sectors around the world,
including power generation, was sentenced today for its participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to high-ranking government officials in Indonesia to secure
a lucrative power project.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gustafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Marubeni was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Janet B. Arterton in the District
of Connecticut. Marubeni pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of
conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (FCPA) and seven counts of violating the FCPA. The company signed
a plea agreement in which it admitted its criminal conduct, agreed to maintain
and implement an enhanced global anti-corruption compliance program and to
cooperate with the department's ongoing investigation, and agreed to pay an $88
million fine, which the court accepted in imposing the sentence. The plea
agreement cites Marubeni's refusal to cooperate with the department's
investigation when given the opportunity to do so, its lack of an effective
compliance and ethics program at the time of the offense, and its failure to
timely remediate as several of the factors considered by the department in
determining the resolution.

According to the court filings, Marubeni and its employees, together with
others, paid bribes to officials in Indonesia - including a high-ranking member
of the Indonesian Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik
Negara (PLN), the state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in
Indonesia - in exchange for assistance in securing a $118 million contract,
known as the Tarahan project, for the company and its consortium partner to
provide power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the
bribes, Marubeni and its consortium partner retained two consultants purportedly
to provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of the power company and its
subsidiaries in connection with the Tarahan project. The primary purpose for
hiring the consultants, however, was to use the consultants to pay bribes to
Indonesian officials.

Also according to court filings, the first consultant retained by Marubeni and
its co-conspirators received hundreds of thousands of dollars in his U.S. bank
account to be used to bribe the member of Parliament. The consultant then
allegedly transferred the bribe money to a bank account in Indonesia for the
benefit of the official. E-mails between the co-conspirators discuss in detail
the use of the first consultant to funnel bribes to the member of Parliament and
the influence that the member of Parliament could exert over the Tarahan
project.

As admitted in court documents, in the fall of 2003, Marubeni and its
co-conspirators determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing
key officials at PLN. As a result, Marubeni and its consortium partner decided
to reduce the first consultant's commission from three percent of the total
contract value to one percent, and pay the remaining two percent to a second
consultant who could more effectively bribe officials at PLN. In an e-mail
between two employees of Marubeni's consortium partner, they discussed a meeting
between Marubeni, an executive from the consortium partner, and the first
consultant, stating that the consultant "committed to convince [the member of
Parliament] that 'one' [percent] is enough." Marubeni and its co-conspirators
were successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments
to the consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

Frederic Pierucci, a current executive at Marubeni's consortium partner, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiring to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA. David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at the consortium partner, pleaded guilty on Nov. 2, 2012 to one
count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA. Lawrence Hoskins, a former senior vice
president for the Asia region for the consortium partner, and William Pomponi, a
former vice president of regional sales at the consortium partner, were charged
in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut, Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs. In addition, the
department greatly appreciates the significant cooperation provided by its law
enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the Komisi Pemberantasan Korupsi
(Corruption Eradication Commission), the Office of the Attorney General in
Switzerland and the Serious Fraud Office in the United Kingdom.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             696 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Oklahoma County Officials, Advisers Indicted in Alleged Pay-to-Play Scheme

                           January 30, 1996, Tuesday

By Angela Shah and Darrell Preston

DATELINE: DALLAS



Two principals with a Norman, Okla., financial advisory firm have been indicted
along with two Oklahoma County commissioners and other officials following a
state racketeering probe of county finance.

The indictments, unsealed Friday, allege that Marshall Hawkins and John Banks,
principals with Governmental Finance of Oklahoma Inc., paid $12,700 in bribes to
Richard Buchanan, son of county commissioner F.G. "Buck" Buchanan, to influence
Buck Buchanan to award Governmental Finance a contract to advise the county on
bond issues.

Both Buchanans also were charged in the 35-count indictment, which contains a
wide range of bribery, kickback, extortion, and perjury charges involving the
Buchanans, Shirley Darrell, another county commissioner, and four business men
and women. Darrell also benefited from the alleged conspiracy involving
Governmental Finance, court documents claim.

All the defendants pleaded not guilty last week when they made initial court
appearances in Oklahoma City at the time the indictments were unsealed.

Governmental Finance, which has been financial adviser on deals that totaled
$105.2 million since April 1989, allegedly paid the kickbacks and bribes between
May and September 1992 to obtain a $25,000 contract to advise the county on bond
issuance, according to the court documents and Robert Mitchell, assistant
district attorney who worked with the grand jury.

The indictment alleges that Richard Buchanan gave Darrell $1,000 in August 1992
to influence her vote on hiring Governmental Finance for the county contract.
The indictment also alleges that Richard Buchanan agreed to help Darrell with
reconstruction of her home, which had been damaged by a storm in June 1992.

Oklahoma County commissioners voted Sept. 24, 1992, to award the contract to
Governmental Finance, with support from Buck Buchanan and Darrell.

"The indictment pretty well speaks for itself," said Mitchell, the assistant
district attorney. "The allegation is that these individuals paid kickbacks and
bribes to obtain a contract to provide services to Oklahoma County."

One businessman named in the indictment as participating in the alleged bribes
was Rick McKinney. McKinney, the two Buchanans, and Shirley were also named in
indictments concerning alleged bribes in other areas of county purchasing beyond
public finance consulting.

The county's decision to hire Governmental Finance in September 1992 was
controversial because the county had never hired a consulting firm to evaluate
existing and upcoming bond issues. At the time another county commissioner, Fred
Snyder, complained publicly about the county's failure to use competitive
bidding and that Governmental Finance came from outside Oklahoma County.

But Buchanan defended the move as a way for the county to negotiate lower fees
on its bond issues. The decision was made after stories appeared in The Bond
Buyer indicating that some unusually large fees had been paid on bond deals in
Oklahoma. Darrell also defended the action on grounds the county needed advisers
who could oversee county bond projects.

Banks and Hawkins and their attorney, Robert Perrine of Oklahoma City, didn't
return telephone calls seeking comment. Darrell's attorney, Irven Box, and both
Buchanans' attorney, Joel Porter, also didn't return telephone calls seeking
comment. McKinney could not be reached for comment.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 565 words

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1996 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                             697 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Washington: Webb County Commissioner Pleads Guilty to Accepting Bribes in
Exchange for Official Actions

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Kristopher Michael Montemayor, a county commissioner for Precinct 1 of the Webb
County Commissioners Court in Texas, pleaded guilty to bribery today.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson for the Southern District of
Texas, and Special Agent in Charge Christopher H. Combs of the FBI's San Antonio
Division made the announcement.

Montemayor admitted that, while serving as county commissioner, he solicited and
accepted bribes in exchange for promising to perform official acts.
Specifically, Montemayor admitted that he accepted three separate bribe payments
totaling $11,000, as well as over $2,700 in electronics equipment, from a
businessman who, unbeknownst to Montemayor, was an undercover law enforcement
agent. Montemayor admitted that, in exchange for the money and the equipment, he
promised to take official action to promote the business interests of the
undercover agent.

Additionally, Montemayor admitted to accepting the use of a new 2012 Ford F-150
truck, which costs approximately $37,015, in exchange for promising to provide
government jobs to both the vehicle owner and his spouse. As a result of these
job appointments, the vehicle owner and his wife received salaries of $26,000
and $45,553 from Webb County.

Montemayor is scheduled to be sentenced on October 7, 2014, before U.S. District
Judge Marina Garcia Marmolejo in Laredo, Texas.

This case is being investigated by special agents from the Laredo Resident
Agency of FBI's San Antonio Division. This case is being prosecuted by Trial
Attorneys Emily Rae Woods and Mark J. Cipolletti of the Criminal Division's
Public Integrity Section.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             698 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 11, 2008 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CARPENTER BIGS NAIL BRIBE RAP ACQUITTAL

BYLINE: BY BARBARA ROSS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 189 words


TWO TOP officials of the carpenters union were acquitted last night of taking
bribes from mobsters to allow nonunion workers on Manhattan construction sites.

After deliberating 90 minutes, the panel delivered the verdict to Michael Forde,
executive secretary to the 25,000-member New York City District Council of
Carpenters, and business agent Martin Devereaux.

"It's been a long 10 years," Devereaux said, minutes after the verdict was
delivered in Manhattan Supreme Court.

He and Forde were charged in September 2000, but allegations surfaced two years
earlier of them taking a $10,000 bribe from Sean Richard, the former son-in-law
of the imprisoned boss of the DeCavalcante crime family.

The money was described as a down payment on a promised $50,000 bribe. Their
2004 convictions were overturned after jurors were discovered debating a Village
Voice article highly critical of Forde and Devereaux.

"I'm happy that justice has been served, but the wheels of justice grind
slowly," said Forde.

Devereaux said he was "very happy for the carpenters all around New York City
because we have finally cleared our name and the name of our union."

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                             699 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                             June 6, 2015 Saturday

Fifa 'bribe' came via bank with drug link;
Payment allegedly funnelled via HSBC in HK linked to US lender punished for
cartel ties

BYLINE: Niall Fraser and Bryan Harris

SECTION: NEWS; Local (Hong Kong News); Pg.3

LENGTH: 454 words


Hong Kong's role in the growing corruption scandal engulfing world soccer has
taken a new twist after it emerged that alleged bribes funnelled to a top Fifa
official through an HSBC bank account in the city came from a bank in the US
once linked to a Colombian drug cartel.

New details of the alleged bribe to Fifa official Costas Takkas - who remains
under arrest in Switzerland pending extradition to the US - come as a global
inter-governmental body which oversees the anti-money laundering efforts of
member states, including Hong Kong, told the                South China Morning
Post  "red flags" should have been raised over transactions linked to Fifa.

Earlier this week US Justice Department officials claimed an HSBC bank account
in Hong Kong was one of a number used to funnel millions of dollars in bribes to
Fifa officials.

It is now known that in 2003 the bank named in documents released by US
investigators, Delta National Bank and Trust Company, pleaded guilty to failing
to report transactions linked to a Colombian drug cartel.

It is understood US regulatory officials are taking a renewed interest in Delta
National.

Yesterday  a spokesman for HSBC in Hong Kong did not answer specific questions
about why the payments from the Miami-based bank were not flagged, given the
bank's history.

"We are continuing to review the allegations ... to ensure that our services are
not being misused for financial crime," the spokesman said.

According to  the Paris-based Financial Action Task Force (FATF) - which
oversees anti-money-laundering efforts - Fifa officials could be considered
"politically exposed" and be subject to greater scrutiny.

"An ongoing public debate about the integrity of any entity should raise
sufficient red flags to financial institutions to treat customers that are
related to that entity as high-risk customers," said an FATF spokesman.

Earlier this week, the deputy chief of the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, Arthur
Yuen Kwok-hang, warned that banks could face fines if they did not fully comply
with anti-money-laundering requirements.

Last night  a HKMA spokesman insisted that just because an individual was not
designated as "politically exposed" did not mean they were not subject to proper
due diligence. He declined to comment on oversight issues related to Delta
National Bank and HSBC.

Meanwhile,                The Guardian reported that the US Justice Department
believed that HSBC's procedures to prevent money laundering, sanction-breaking
and criminal activity had flaws so serious that to disclose them risked serious
crime. The claim was in a US court motion by the department which wants to keep
confidential a report on the bank.

FIFA latest sport

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             700 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Florida: Three Executives of South Florida Psychiatric Hospital Sentenced in $67
Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 947  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

Three executives of Hollywood Pavilion LLC (HP), an inpatient psychiatric
hospital located in Broward County, Fla., were sentenced today for their roles
in a $67 million Medicare fraud scheme.

U.S. Attorney Wilfredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of Florida, Acting
Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division, Special Agent in Charge Michael B. Steinbach of the FBI's Miami Field
Office and Special Agent in Charge Christopher B. Dennis of the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Office of
Investigation's Miami office made the announcement.

Karen Kallen-Zury, 60, of Lighthouse Point, Fla.; Daisy Miller, 44, of
Hollywood, Fla.; and Christian Coloma, 50, of Miami Beach, Fla., were sentenced
by U.S. District Judge Jose E. Martinez in the Southern District of Florida.
Kallen-Zury was sentenced to serve 25 years in prison; Miller was sentenced to
15 years in prison; and Coloma was sentenced to 12 years in prison. In addition
to their prison terms, Kallen-Zury and Miller were ordered to pay more than $39
million in restitution, jointly and severally with certain co-defendants. Coloma
was ordered to pay more than $20 million in restitution, jointly and severally
with certain co-defendants. The sentencing hearing for Michele Petrie, another
convicted executive of HP, is scheduled for Dec. 18, 2013.

On June 28, 2013, Kallen-Zury and Miller were found guilty of one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and health care fraud, five substantive counts
of wire fraud and two substantive counts of health care fraud. Coloma was
convicted of one count of conspiracy to pay bribes in connection with Medicare.
Kallen-Zury and Coloma were also convicted on five substantive counts of paying
bribes.

"Health care fraud is a devastating crime that threatens the strength and
integrity of our health care system," said U.S. Attorney Ferrer. "As I have
previously stated, we remain steadfast in our efforts to protect Medicare from
fraud and abuse for those who need it - the sick, the elderly and the poor.
Today's sentencing should send a strong, clear message to anyone seeking to
defraud Medicare: You will get caught and you will be brought to justice."

"These defendants from Hollywood Pavilion who were sentenced today are the first
executives from a licensed state hospital prosecuted by the Medicare Fraud
Strike Force," said Acting Assistant Attorney General Raman. "They abused the
public's trust by deliberately targeting disabled substance abusers and conning
them into spending weeks locked down at a psychiatric hospital. Their conduct
proves that healthcare fraud is not only about harm to the public fisc - it is
about real harm to individuals in need of medical care. Thanks to the hard work
of the Strike Force, the nine-year, $67 million scheme was discovered, the
hospital was shut down, and the executives will now spend as much as 25 years in
prison."

"Bribes, kickbacks and false claims are words that have no place in America's
health care lexicon, yet the greed of these executives developed into an
elaborate $67 million health care fraud scheme that involved these very terms,"
said FBI Special Agent in Charge Steinbach. "Ultimately, health care fraud robs
from the elderly and disabled. The FBI and its partners will continue to pursue
those individuals who pay kickbacks and fraudulently bill for medical services
that are not necessary or ever provided."

Evidence at trial demonstrated that the defendants and their co-conspirators
caused the submission of false and fraudulent claims to Medicare through HP, a
state-licensed psychiatric hospital located in Hollywood that purportedly
provided, among other things, inpatient psychiatric care and intensive
outpatient psychiatric care. The defendants paid illegal bribes and kickbacks to
patient brokers to obtain Medicare beneficiaries as patients at HP who did not
qualify for psychiatric treatment. The defendants then submitted claims to
Medicare for those patients who were procured through bribes and kickbacks.

According to evidence at trial, Kallen-Zury, the CEO and registered agent of HP,
attempted to conceal the payment of bribes and kickbacks by creating false
documents to make it appear as if legitimate services were being rendered.
Miller, the clinical director of HP's inpatient facility, and Petrie, the head
of HP's intensive outpatient program, facilitated the payment of bribes to
patient recruiters and oversaw the fraudulent admissions and treatment of
unqualified patients. Coloma, the director of physical therapy for an entity
associated with HP, facilitated the payment of bribes and kickbacks, and he
supervised the creation of false documents to conceal the bribery scheme.

From at least 2003 through at least August 2012, HP billed Medicare nearly $70
million for services that were not properly rendered, for patients that did not
qualify for the services being billed and for claims for patients who were
procured through bribes and kickbacks.

This case was investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG and was brought as part of the
Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal Division's
Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of
Florida. The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Robert Zink, Andrew Warren
and Anne McNamara of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section, with assistance from
Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy Abraham of the Southern District of Florida.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/fls

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             701 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Daily Telegraph (LONDON)

                             March 4, 2006 Saturday

Congressman jailed for eight years over bribes case Record sentence for US war
hero in $2.4m defence deals scandal

BYLINE: Francis Harris in Washington

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 487 words


A REPUBLICAN congressman and fighter ace who demanded more bribes than any other
elected official in US history was last night sent to prison for more than eight
years.

Judge Larry Burns handed the war hero the longest custodial sentence ever given
to a member of Congress - eight years and four months.

The judge noted that Cunningham was a man of privilege. "You weren't wet. You
weren't cold. You weren't hungry and yet you did these things,'' he said.

In a plea for mercy, Randy "Duke'' Cunningham told the court: "Your honour I
have ripped my life to shreds due to my actions, my actions that I did to
myself.''

But the scale of the multi-million bribes scheme orchestrated by the congressman
for San Diego in California, left the judge little room for manoeuvre.

"In the sheer dollar amount, he is the most corrupt,'' said Fred Beuttler, the
House of Representatives' deputy historian. "The scale of it is unprecedented.''

So shameless was Cunningham's behaviour that he concocted what prosecutors
termed a "bribes menu'' for a firm buying the influence he wielded as a senior
figure on the House of Representatives defence spending committee.

The formula, scrawled on congressional notepaper, demanded a yacht valued at
$140,000 ( pounds 80,000) for a $16 million defence contract. A payment of
$50,000 was required for each additional $1 million in contract value. In total,
the 64-year-old congressman illegally received $2.4 million in bribes and
avoided $1 million in taxes.

When caught, he was found to own a luxury home, the yacht, a Rolls Royce,
Persian rugs, an 19th century Louis Philippe commode and other antiques.

Cunningham, described by lawyers as depressed, appeared for sentencing in
California yesterday and asked the court for mercy.

The former congressman had already pleaded guilty to tax evasion and conspiracy
charges at an earlier hearing and has since been co-operating with prosecutors
still considering charges against others.

His supporters have argued he performed extraordinary feats for his country.

He shot to fame during the Vietnam war when as the pilot of a US Navy Phantom he
brought down three North Vietnamese aircraft in a single day.

His tally eventually rose to five and he later claimed that his real-life
exploits formed the basis for the film Top Gun.

The case is the first in what is expected to be a series of corruption hearings
against members of Congress.

Cunningham was a famed on Capitol Hill for his furious outbursts against
officials who stood in the way of his spending proposals.

Unlike the British Parliament, individual congressmen have an extraordinary
right to "earmark'' cash for individual projects even when a government
department objects. Critics say that the number of earmarks has soared in recent
years and now total a staggering $52 billion annually.

Congress is now under huge pressure to reform the system, which is widely seen
as an open invitation to corruption.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Telegraph Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             702 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 1, 2005 Thursday
                              Correction Appended
                              Late Edition - Final

Ex-Firefighter Said to Offer Bribe to Aid Son

BYLINE: By MICHELLE O'DONNELL; Janon Fisher and Colin Moynihan contributed
reporting for this article.

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 834 words


A retired firefighter and former union trustee was arrested yesterday and
charged with offering thousands of dollars in bribes to two employees of a
medical laboratory to dispose of urine samples from his son, a firefighter who
had tested positive for cocaine, prosecutors said.

The retired firefighter, Thomas A. DaParma, 54, offered the bribes to employees
of the Bendiner & Schlesinger laboratory, which is under contract to the Fire
Department to perform drug tests on its members, on two occasions in mid-June,
according to the Department of Investigation.

He was arraigned in Brooklyn Criminal Court yesterday on two counts of criminal
solicitation of bribery, prosecutors said. He was released on his own
recognizance.

As he arrived at his home in Floral Park, on Long Island, after the arraignment,
Mr. DaParma had no comment.

According to a statement released by the commissioner of the Department of
Investigation, Rose Gill Hearn, Mr. DaParma's son, Christopher, tested positive
for cocaine on May 8 and, 10 days later, was suspended without pay for 30 days.
He had been hired by the Fire Department in 2003 despite three felony
convictions, including one in 1996 for possessing drug paraphernalia.

Ms. Hearn said that because of his convictions, Christopher DaParma had been
hired conditionally, on what the department refers to as a stipulation
agreement. In his case, the condition was that he undergo periodic drug testing
for 36 months. In 15 tests administered since his hiring, he had tested negative
for drug use, Ms. Hearn said, until May 8.

On June 15, around the end of Christopher DaParma's suspension, Thomas DaParma
went to the laboratory, on 58th Street in Sunset Park, Brooklyn, according to
the criminal complaint, and asked an employee, Ursala Wall, if ''for $2,000,
would you get rid of my son's urine sample.'' The complaint also states that Mr.
DaParma offered her $5,000 to find somebody ''to help me out.''

Three days later, according to the complaint, he approached another lab worker,
Alix Marte, offering $1,000 for retrieval of a urine sample from the lab.

''Thomas DaParma engaged in a deliberate attempt to tamper with evidence and
circumvent laws and F.D.N.Y. policy and regulations,'' Ms. Hearn said. ''No
matter how desperate, these actions were the wrong course to take.''

It was unclear last night why Mr. DaParma waited a month after his son tested
positive for cocaine to contact the lab, according to prosecutors. A department
official said that several samples of urine are taken at a single test and that
it was possible Mr. DaParma was seeking to have the additional samples destroyed
so that a challenge of the positive result would mean that the test would have
to be retaken.

While the department has hailed its recently enforced zero-tolerance drug policy
and random drug tests, under which any firefighter who tests positive for drugs
faces termination, a candidate with a criminal record, including one for drugs,
can still be hired with a stipulation agreement. In those cases, the candidate's
application goes before the department's personnel review board, a panel made up
of top officials but not the commissioner, and the candidate must agree to
certain conditions.

A spokesman for the Fire Department, Francis X. Gribbon, could not say last
night how many of the roughly 2,500 firefighters hired over the last four years
had been hired with stipulation agreements.

Ms. Hearn said that her department would ''make recommendations to the F.D.N.Y.
regarding its procedures for hiring individuals with criminal records.''

Thomas DaParma, who was assigned to an engine company in Queens before teaching
at the Fire Academy on Randalls Island, retired in March. Firefighters are
lifetime member of their union, the Uniformed Firefighters Association, and this
spring Mr. DaParma ran for union president but lost to the incumbent, Stephen
Cassidy, after Mr. Cassidy raised the issue of his son's stipulation.

Throughout the campaign, both were harshly critical of each other as each tried
to show himself as the best candidate to represent firefighters in contract
negotiations with City Hall. Late in the campaign, Mr. Cassidy distributed a
flier about Christopher DaParma's positive drug test. It also mentioned that he
had been hired conditionally and suggested that a vote for Mr. DaParma meant a
vote for a president who would be beholden to one of the people sitting across
the table at those negotiations, Fire Commissioner Nicholas Scoppetta.

But the flier was met with derision by some union members who said that it was
wrong of Mr. Cassidy to target Christopher DaParma, whom he represents as the
union president, in an effort to undermine his father's bid, and ultimately Mr.
Cassidy backed away from that line of attack.

When the votes were tallied in mid-June, Mr. Cassidy had beat Mr. DaParma by 660
votes among the 6,676 ballots cast.

Facing termination, Christopher DaParma resigned from the department on July 7.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 12, 2005



CORRECTION: An article on Sept. 1 about a retired firefighter, Thomas A.
DaParma, who was charged with offering bribes to two employees of a medical
laboratory to dispose of urine samples from his son, Christopher, a firefighter
who had tested positive for cocaine use, misstated the son's prior criminal
record. He had pleaded guilty to two misdemeanors and a violation. He did not
have three felony convictions.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                             703 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            August 28, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Tax Commission blamed in hearing;
An attorney for a trucking agency said state officials were at the center of
bribes involving tag registration.

BYLINE: Randy Ellis, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 650 words


A defense attorney attempted to put the Oklahoma Tax Commission on trial Friday
as testimony continued in the preliminary hearing of a truck registration agent
accused of racketeering, bribery and other felony crimes.

"It's our position that the real racketeering enterprise was the prorate (truck
registration) division of the Tax Commission," defense attorney David Autry told
Oklahoma County Special Judge Donald Deason on Friday.

Autry is defending Carrier Services truck registration agent Donald Robinson of
Oklahoma City. Robinson is charged with 21 counts of bribery, 24 counts of
perjury, 24 counts of filing false applications, one count of conspiracy and one
count of racketeering.

Bribes offered

Former Tax Commission Auditor Billy Bruce Baber, who is serving prison time,
identified Robinson as the man who gave him 111 money orders totaling $77,400 to
"fix" registration problems on Carrier Services' applications.

Baber testified that Carrier Services paid him and other tax employees bribes
for years that included cash, cases of whiskey, furniture and gift certificates.

Baber said Robinson approached him with the bribe scheme, but Robinson's
attorney argued the point.

"Carrier Services and Mr. Robinson were victims of an extortion scheme hatched
within the Tax Commission," Autry said.

If they wanted their truck registration applications processed, they had to
"grease the skids," Autry said.

Autry asked Baber if he cultivated a reputation as a brawler and intimidator,
which Baber denied.

The opening day of the hearing, Baber accused his former supervisor, David
Nicholson, of being "on the take."

Baber elaborated on that Friday, saying he personally gave Nicholson money for a
television and repaved his driveway. Baber said Nicholson paid for the
materials, but he was not paid for his labor.

"I did it because he was my boss. I like my job," Baber said.

Keeping quiet

Baber said Nicholson also urged him to keep silent when state investigators
started investigating the Tax Commission.

He quoted Nicholson as saying, "If everybody keeps their mouth shut, there won't
be any evidence to find."

Nicholson is still employed with the Tax Commission. Tom Riesen, Nicholson's
attorney, said his client denies wrongdoing.

"We think his (Baber's) statements are false and retaliatory," Riesen said.

"David Nicholson has cooperated at every turn in this investigation," Riesen
said. "He's voluntarily appeared for interviews with the investigative agencies
and voluntarily appeared several times before the grand jury. He has done
nothing wrong or illegal."

Gabriele Dole, a former Carrier Services employee, testified Friday under a
grant of immunity and said the company repeatedly used false mileage figures to
obtain cheaper truck tags for registration renewals.

They had some "helpers" at the Tax Commission who would push through problem
applications, Dole said.

Robinson's preliminary hearing started June 4, but was delayed for two months
because of busy court dockets. Attorneys were unable to finish the hearing
Friday and it is scheduled to resume Oct. 27.

Others involved

Four Carrier Services owners, including Robinson, originally were charged with
71 felonies in the alleged bribery scheme.

Two owners, Larrie Moyers and Jo Ann Matthews, previously pleaded guilty. Moyers
pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge last March and was sentenced to 10 years
in prison. Matthews pleaded guilty in June to conspiracy and filing a false
truck registration renewal form and received a five-year deferred sentence.

The other owner, Moyers' wife, Theresa, was a co-defendant with Robinson on the
opening day of the preliminary hearing last June. She waived the right to the
remainder of her preliminary hearing Friday in exchange for prosecutors agreeing
to drop the racketeering count against her. She remains charged with the 70
other counts and her next court appearance is scheduled Oct. 13 before District
Judge Tammy Bass-Jones.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             704 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 31, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

Former D.C. Elevator Inspector Charged With Receiving Bribes

SECTION: METRO; Pg. D06; CRIME AND JUSTICE

LENGTH: 152 words


A former D.C. government elevator inspector was arraigned in U.S. District Court
yesterday on charges that he demanded bribes of $ 600 from contractors before he
would inspect newly installed elevators and wheelchair lifts.

Wallace O'Neal Taylor, 31, pleaded not guilty in a hearing before U.S. District
Judge James Robertson. He is charged with six counts of receiving a bribe.

According to a grand jury indictment, Taylor demanded bribes from two
unidentified contractors who were trying to get inspections done in time for
buildings to open to the public.

Last August, Taylor allegedly refused to inspect an elevator at the United House
of Prayer in Northwest Washington until a contractor's supervisor paid him $
200.

Taylor also allegedly changed his mind about violations he said he found during
inspections and gave inspection stickers directly to a contractor after he was
paid a bribe.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                             705 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Washington: Marubeni Corporation Sentenced for Foreign Bribery Violations

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Marubeni Corporation, a Japanese trading company involved in the handling of
products and provision of services in a broad range of sectors around the world,
including power generation, was sentenced today for its participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to high-ranking government officials in Indonesia to secure
a lucrative power project.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gustafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Marubeni was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Janet B. Arterton in the District
of Connecticut. Marubeni pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of
conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (FCPA) and seven counts of violating the FCPA. The company signed
a plea agreement in which it admitted its criminal conduct, agreed to maintain
and implement an enhanced global anti-corruption compliance program and to
cooperate with the department's ongoing investigation, and agreed to pay an $88
million fine, which the court accepted in imposing the sentence. The plea
agreement cites Marubeni's refusal to cooperate with the department's
investigation when given the opportunity to do so, its lack of an effective
compliance and ethics program at the time of the offense, and its failure to
timely remediate as several of the factors considered by the department in
determining the resolution.

According to the court filings, Marubeni and its employees, together with
others, paid bribes to officials in Indonesia--including a high-ranking member
of the Indonesian Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik
Negara (PLN), the state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in
Indonesia--in exchange for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known
as the Tarahan project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide
power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the bribes,
Marubeni and its consortium partner retained two consultants purportedly to
provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of the power company and its
subsidiaries in connection with the Tarahan project. The primary purpose for
hiring the consultants, however, was to use the consultants to pay bribes to
Indonesian officials.

Also according to court filings, the first consultant retained by Marubeni and
its co-conspirators received hundreds of thousands of dollars in his U.S. bank
account to be used to bribe the member of Parliament. The consultant then
allegedly transferred the bribe money to a bank account in Indonesia for the
benefit of the official. E-mails between the co-conspirators discuss in detail
the use of the first consultant to funnel bribes to the member of Parliament and
the influence that the member of Parliament could exert over the Tarahan
project.

As admitted in court documents, in the fall of 2003, Marubeni and its
co-conspirators determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing
key officials at PLN. As a result, Marubeni and its consortium partner decided
to reduce the first consultant's commission from three percent of the total
contract value to one percent and pay the remaining two percent to a second
consultant who could more effectively bribe officials at PLN. In an e-mail
between two employees of Marubeni's consortium partner, they discussed a meeting
between Marubeni, an executive from the consortium partner, and the first
consultant, stating that the consultant "committed to convince [the member of
Parliament] that 'one' [percent] is enough." Marubeni and its co-conspirators
were successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments
to the consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

Frederic Pierucci, a current executive at Marubeni's consortium partner, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiring to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA. David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at the consortium partner, pleaded guilty on November 2, 2012 to
one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA. Lawrence Hoskins, a former senior
vice president for the Asia region for the consortium partner, and William
Pomponi, a former vice president of regional sales at the consortium partner,
were charged in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs. In addition, the
department greatly appreciates the significant cooperation provided by its law
enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the Komisi Pemberantasan Korupsi
(Corruption Eradication Commission), the Office of the Attorney General in
Switzerland, and the Serious Fraud Office in the United Kingdom.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             706 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 16, 2014 Friday

Washington: Marubeni Corporation Sentenced for Foreign Bribery Violations

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Marubeni Corporation, a Japanese trading company involved in the handling of
products and provision of services in a broad range of sectors around the world,
including power generation, was sentenced today for its participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to high-ranking government officials in Indonesia to secure
a lucrative power project.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gustafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Marubeni was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Janet B. Arterton in the District
of Connecticut. Marubeni pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of
conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (FCPA) and seven counts of violating the FCPA. The company signed
a plea agreement in which it admitted its criminal conduct, agreed to maintain
and implement an enhanced global anti-corruption compliance program and to
cooperate with the department's ongoing investigation, and agreed to pay an $88
million fine, which the court accepted in imposing the sentence. The plea
agreement cites Marubeni's refusal to cooperate with the department's
investigation when given the opportunity to do so, its lack of an effective
compliance and ethics program at the time of the offense, and its failure to
timely remediate as several of the factors considered by the department in
determining the resolution.

According to the court filings, Marubeni and its employees, together with
others, paid bribes to officials in Indonesia--including a high-ranking member
of the Indonesian Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik
Negara (PLN), the state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in
Indonesia--in exchange for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known
as the Tarahan project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide
power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the bribes,
Marubeni and its consortium partner retained two consultants purportedly to
provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of the power company and its
subsidiaries in connection with the Tarahan project. The primary purpose for
hiring the consultants, however, was to use the consultants to pay bribes to
Indonesian officials.

Also according to court filings, the first consultant retained by Marubeni and
its co-conspirators received hundreds of thousands of dollars in his U.S. bank
account to be used to bribe the member of Parliament. The consultant then
allegedly transferred the bribe money to a bank account in Indonesia for the
benefit of the official. E-mails between the co-conspirators discuss in detail
the use of the first consultant to funnel bribes to the member of Parliament and
the influence that the member of Parliament could exert over the Tarahan
project.

As admitted in court documents, in the fall of 2003, Marubeni and its
co-conspirators determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing
key officials at PLN. As a result, Marubeni and its consortium partner decided
to reduce the first consultant's commission from three percent of the total
contract value to one percent and pay the remaining two percent to a second
consultant who could more effectively bribe officials at PLN. In an e-mail
between two employees of Marubeni's consortium partner, they discussed a meeting
between Marubeni, an executive from the consortium partner, and the first
consultant, stating that the consultant "committed to convince [the member of
Parliament] that 'one' [percent] is enough." Marubeni and its co-conspirators
were successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments
to the consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

Frederic Pierucci, a current executive at Marubeni's consortium partner, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiring to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA. David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at the consortium partner, pleaded guilty on November 2, 2012 to
one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA. Lawrence Hoskins, a former senior
vice president for the Asia region for the consortium partner, and William
Pomponi, a former vice president of regional sales at the consortium partner,
were charged in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs. In addition, the
department greatly appreciates the significant cooperation provided by its law
enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the Komisi Pemberantasan Korupsi
(Corruption Eradication Commission), the Office of the Attorney General in
Switzerland, and the Serious Fraud Office in the United Kingdom.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             707 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Marubeni Corporation Sentenced for Foreign Bribery Violations

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Marubeni Corporation, a Japanese trading company involved in the handling of
products and provision of services in a broad range of sectors around the world,
including power generation, was sentenced today for its participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to high-ranking government officials in Indonesia to secure
a lucrative power project.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gustafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Marubeni was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Janet B. Arterton in the District
of Connecticut. Marubeni pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of
conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (FCPA) and seven counts of violating the FCPA. The company signed
a plea agreement in which it admitted its criminal conduct, agreed to maintain
and implement an enhanced global anti-corruption compliance program and to
cooperate with the department's ongoing investigation, and agreed to pay an $88
million fine, which the court accepted in imposing the sentence. The plea
agreement cites Marubeni's refusal to cooperate with the department's
investigation when given the opportunity to do so, its lack of an effective
compliance and ethics program at the time of the offense, and its failure to
timely remediate as several of the factors considered by the department in
determining the resolution.

According to the court filings, Marubeni and its employees, together with
others, paid bribes to officials in Indonesia--including a high-ranking member
of the Indonesian Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik
Negara (PLN), the state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in
Indonesia--in exchange for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known
as the Tarahan project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide
power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the bribes,
Marubeni and its consortium partner retained two consultants purportedly to
provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of the power company and its
subsidiaries in connection with the Tarahan project. The primary purpose for
hiring the consultants, however, was to use the consultants to pay bribes to
Indonesian officials.

Also according to court filings, the first consultant retained by Marubeni and
its co-conspirators received hundreds of thousands of dollars in his U.S. bank
account to be used to bribe the member of Parliament. The consultant then
allegedly transferred the bribe money to a bank account in Indonesia for the
benefit of the official. E-mails between the co-conspirators discuss in detail
the use of the first consultant to funnel bribes to the member of Parliament and
the influence that the member of Parliament could exert over the Tarahan
project.

As admitted in court documents, in the fall of 2003, Marubeni and its
co-conspirators determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing
key officials at PLN. As a result, Marubeni and its consortium partner decided
to reduce the first consultant's commission from three percent of the total
contract value to one percent and pay the remaining two percent to a second
consultant who could more effectively bribe officials at PLN. In an e-mail
between two employees of Marubeni's consortium partner, they discussed a meeting
between Marubeni, an executive from the consortium partner, and the first
consultant, stating that the consultant "committed to convince [the member of
Parliament] that 'one' [percent] is enough." Marubeni and its co-conspirators
were successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments
to the consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

Frederic Pierucci, a current executive at Marubeni's consortium partner, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiring to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA. David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at the consortium partner, pleaded guilty on November 2, 2012 to
one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA. Lawrence Hoskins, a former senior
vice president for the Asia region for the consortium partner, and William
Pomponi, a former vice president of regional sales at the consortium partner,
were charged in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs. In addition, the
department greatly appreciates the significant cooperation provided by its law
enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the Komisi Pemberantasan Korupsi
(Corruption Eradication Commission), the Office of the Attorney General in
Switzerland, and the Serious Fraud Office in the United Kingdom.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             708 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Marubeni Corporation Sentenced for Foreign Bribery Violations

LENGTH: 904  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Marubeni Corporation, a Japanese trading company involved in the handling of
products and provision of services in a broad range of sectors around the world,
including power generation, was sentenced today for its participation in a
scheme to pay bribes to high-ranking government officials in Indonesia to secure
a lucrative power project.

Acting Assistant Attorney General David A. O'Neil of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Michael J. Gustafson of the District of
Connecticut and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

Marubeni was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Janet B. Arterton in the District
of Connecticut. Marubeni pleaded guilty on March 19, 2014, to one count of
conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery provisions of the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act (FCPA) and seven counts of violating the FCPA. The company signed
a plea agreement in which it admitted its criminal conduct, agreed to maintain
and implement an enhanced global anti-corruption compliance program and to
cooperate with the department's ongoing investigation, and agreed to pay an $88
million fine, which the court accepted in imposing the sentence. The plea
agreement cites Marubeni's refusal to cooperate with the department's
investigation when given the opportunity to do so, its lack of an effective
compliance and ethics program at the time of the offense, and its failure to
timely remediate as several of the factors considered by the department in
determining the resolution.

According to the court filings, Marubeni and its employees, together with
others, paid bribes to officials in Indonesia--including a high-ranking member
of the Indonesian Parliament and high-ranking members of Perusahaan Listrik
Negara (PLN), the state-owned and state-controlled electricity company in
Indonesia--in exchange for assistance in securing a $118 million contract, known
as the Tarahan project, for the company and its consortium partner to provide
power-related services for the citizens of Indonesia. To conceal the bribes,
Marubeni and its consortium partner retained two consultants purportedly to
provide legitimate consulting services on behalf of the power company and its
subsidiaries in connection with the Tarahan project. The primary purpose for
hiring the consultants, however, was to use the consultants to pay bribes to
Indonesian officials.

Also according to court filings, the first consultant retained by Marubeni and
its co-conspirators received hundreds of thousands of dollars in his U.S. bank
account to be used to bribe the member of Parliament. The consultant then
allegedly transferred the bribe money to a bank account in Indonesia for the
benefit of the official. E-mails between the co-conspirators discuss in detail
the use of the first consultant to funnel bribes to the member of Parliament and
the influence that the member of Parliament could exert over the Tarahan
project.

As admitted in court documents, in the fall of 2003, Marubeni and its
co-conspirators determined that the first consultant was not effectively bribing
key officials at PLN. As a result, Marubeni and its consortium partner decided
to reduce the first consultant's commission from three percent of the total
contract value to one percent and pay the remaining two percent to a second
consultant who could more effectively bribe officials at PLN. In an e-mail
between two employees of Marubeni's consortium partner, they discussed a meeting
between Marubeni, an executive from the consortium partner, and the first
consultant, stating that the consultant "committed to convince [the member of
Parliament] that 'one' [percent] is enough." Marubeni and its co-conspirators
were successful in securing the Tarahan project and subsequently made payments
to the consultants for the purpose of bribing the Indonesian officials.

Frederic Pierucci, a current executive at Marubeni's consortium partner, pleaded
guilty on July 29, 2013, to one count of conspiring to violate the FCPA and one
count of violating the FCPA. David Rothschild, a former vice president of
regional sales at the consortium partner, pleaded guilty on November 2, 2012 to
one count of conspiracy to violate the FCPA. Lawrence Hoskins, a former senior
vice president for the Asia region for the consortium partner, and William
Pomponi, a former vice president of regional sales at the consortium partner,
were charged in a second superseding indictment on July 30, 2013.

This case is being investigated by FBI agents who are part of the Washington
Field Office's dedicated FCPA squad, with assistance from the Meriden,
Connecticut Resident Agency of the FBI. Significant assistance was provided by
the Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs. In addition, the
department greatly appreciates the significant cooperation provided by its law
enforcement counterparts in Indonesia at the Komisi Pemberantasan Korupsi
(Corruption Eradication Commission), the Office of the Attorney General in
Switzerland, and the Serious Fraud Office in the United Kingdom.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal
Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David E. Novick of the
District of Connecticut.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             709 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

New Jersey: Man Indicted for Allegedly Offering $10,000 Bribe to CRDA Official
to Increase Price Agency Would Pay for His Atlantic City Property

LENGTH: 599  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Office of Attorney General, The State of New Jersey has issued the following
news release:

Acting Attorney General John J. Hoffman announced that a South Jersey man was
indicted today on charges that he paid a bribe to an official of the Casino
Reinvestment Development Authority (CRDA) in an attempt to get a higher purchase
price from the agency for his property in Atlantic City. The official
immediately reported the alleged crime.

Anthony J. Christaldi, 69, of Cape May Court House, was indicted by a state
grand jury on a charge of second-degree bribery. It is alleged that in January
2014, Christaldi paid $10,000 as a bribe to an official who handles real estate
purchases for the CRDA's voluntary land bank program.

Christaldi contacted the CRDA in January about his desire to sell a property at
204 Atlantic Avenue to the agency for its redevelopment program. He submitted
paperwork proposing a $157,500 purchase price, which was rejected by the
official involved in the case. Christaldi, who spoke to the official by phone,
told her he would reduce the price to $75,000 and would submit new paperwork
seeking an expedited sale. It is alleged that Christaldi subsequently delivered
an envelope to the official containing the required paperwork, along with $1,000
in cash and a note indicating that if a sales price of $105,000 were approved
for the lot, representing $30 per square foot, he would pay her an additional
$9,000 in cash, or if a price of $40 per square foot were approved, he would pay
her $15,000. The official immediately alerted the legal department of the CRDA,
which alerted the Division of Criminal Justice. In a subsequent undercover
investigation by the Division of Criminal Justice, Christaldi allegedly
delivered $9,000 on Jan. 16 to a man who he believed was the brother of the CRDA
official, but who in fact was an undercover detective. Detectives stopped
Christaldi's car and arrested him after he left the convenience store where he
delivered the cash.

"To prevent official misconduct, we vigorously prosecute not only corrupt public
officials, but also those private citizens who try to bribe public servants and
solicit corrupt behavior," said Acting Attorney General Hoffman. "This defendant
allegedly assumed that the official he encountered would shell out more public
funds for his benefit, as long as she got a cut. But the official did the right
thing by helping us to ensure that the alleged bribe-payer will face justice."

"Those who seek to bribe public officials pose a serious threat to the integrity
of government," said Director Elie Honig of the Division of Criminal Justice.
"These cases are a top priority for us, and, as here, we will take aggressive
investigative action, including undercover action, to detect and prosecute
corruption offenses."

Deputy Attorneys General Peter Lee and Valerie Butler presented the case to the
state grand jury for the Division of Criminal Justice Corruption Bureau. The
lead detectives were Detective John Sheeran and Detective Paul Marfino of the
Corruption Bureau, under the supervision of Sgt. Robert Feriozzi Jr.

Second-degree crimes carry a sentence of five to 10 years in state prison and a
fine of up to $150,000. The indictment is merely an accusation and the defendant
is presumed innocent until proven guilty.

The indictment was handed up to Superior Court Judge Mary C. Jacobson in Mercer
County, who assigned the case to Cape May County, where Christaldi will be
ordered to appear in court at a later date to be arraigned on the charges.

For further information please visit: http://www.state.nj.us/

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             710 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

Sunland Park city manager has bribery record

BYLINE: By Diana Washington Valdez / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


EL PASO -- The city manager of Sunland Park acknowledged on Tuesday that he was
convicted of facilitating a bribe when he was an official of Cathedral City,
Calif.

Jaime R. Aguilera also said he disclosed his conviction to Sunland Park City
Council members when they interviewed him for the job last year.

Aguilera, 59, of El Paso, said he began his city manager duties for Sunland Park
in October and will receive an annual salary of $95,000.

According to court records in Riverside County, Calif., Aguilera pleaded not
guilty to four felony counts of bribery. Although the records state that he
pleaded guilty on Jan. 11, 2002, to an amended charge, Aguilera said he actually
entered a plea of "no contest" to the misdemeanor of facilitating a bribe.

Courts treat a plea of no contest the same as a conviction.

John Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County district attorney, confirmed
Aguilera's conviction.

A judge sentenced Aguilera to 36 months of probation and one day in jail. He
received credit for time served when he was booked at the jail, and was ordered
to pay $5,597 in fines, according to records.

"I didn't do anything wrong," Aguilera said. "I introduced two people, and then
one of them committed a crime. And because I introduced them, they thought I was
guilty."

Sunland Park Mayor Martin Resendiz and several City Council members who were
contacted about Aguilera's conviction did not return phone messages.

Aguilera's conviction stemmed from an investigation by California authorities
into allegations that a billboard company owner had offered Cathedral City
Councilman Greg Pettis money to help the company place its billboards on
city-owned property, according to a 2000 news article in the Riverside
Press-Enterprise. Cathedral City is near Palm Springs.

Pettis reported the alleged attempted bribe to authorities and wore a body wire
during the ensuing investigation.

Court records show that Aguilera, who was then the Cathedral City community
development director, was indicted on suspicion of accepting a bribe from the
billboard company owner through the owner's wife.

Aguilera, through his lawyer, denied any wrongdoing back then.

The billboard company owner was convicted of bribing a public officer, and was
sentenced to 90 days in the custody of the Riverside County Sheriff's Office, 36
months of probation and $10,000 in fines.

Before working for Sunland Park, Aguilera was the city manager of Truth or
Consequences, N.M., from September 2005 to September 2009.

Truth or Consequences Mayor Lori Montgomery said Tuesday that she and the other
city officials did not know about Aguilera's conviction when he interviewed for
the job.

"It did not turn up during the background check because he said the record was
expunged," she said. "We asked him about it in a closed session of the city
council after it came to our attention. Later, in open session, he acknowledged
it."

Eligible people can have an arrest or conviction record expunged, or erased,
from their record after fulfilling certain criteria. The process varies from
state to state.

However, Aguilera's case is available for viewing online at
http://public-access.riverside.courts.ca.gov .

Montgomery said that the issue came up a couple of years ago, and that the city
never had any problem with him. "He left to take a higher-paying job,"
Montgomery said.

Aguilera said he did not fight the California charges as hard as he could have
because it was going to cost him a lot of money.

"I pled no contest because I didn't plan to keep working. I retired at the age
of 50, which I was eligible for, after 20 years of service with several cities
in California," he said.

Aguilera finished paying off his court-ordered fines in 2005, the year he
applied to be city manager of Truth or Consequences.

Aguilera said he does not believe the conviction will hurt his effectiveness as
a city manager. He is one of the key city officials involved in the proposed
international crossing at Sunland Park-Anapra, Mexico.

"It didn't affect it in Truth or Consequences, and it hasn't affected it in
Sunland Park," he said.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6140.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             711 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           January 20, 2010 Wednesday

Sunland city manager has bribery record (5:12 a.m.)

BYLINE: By Diana Washington Valdez / For the Sun-News

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


EL PASO -- The city manager of Sunland Park acknowledged on Tuesday that he was
convicted of facilitating a bribe when he was an official of Cathedral City,
Calif.

Jaime R. Aguilera also said he disclosed his conviction to Sunland Park City
Council members when they interviewed him for the job last year.

Aguilera, 59, of El Paso, said he began his city manager duties for Sunland Park
in October and will receive an annual salary of $95,000.

According to court records in Riverside County, Calif., Aguilera pleaded not
guilty to four felony counts of bribery. Although the records state that he
pleaded guilty on Jan. 11, 2002, to an amended charge, Aguilera said he actually
entered a plea of "no contest" to the misdemeanor of facilitating a bribe.

Courts treat a plea of no contest the same as a conviction.

John Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County district attorney, confirmed
Aguilera's conviction.

A judge sentenced Aguilera to 36 months of probation and one day in jail. He
received credit for time served when he was booked at the jail, and was ordered
to pay $5,597 in fines, according to records.

"I didn't do anything wrong," Aguilera said. "I introduced two people, and then
one of them committed a crime. And because I introduced them, they thought I was
guilty."

Sunland Park Mayor Martin Resendiz and several City Council members who were
contacted about Aguilera's conviction did not return phone messages.

Aguilera's conviction stemmed from an investigation by California authorities
into allegations that a billboard company owner had offered Cathedral City
Councilman Greg Pettis money to help the company place its billboards on
city-owned property, according to a 2000 news article in the Riverside
Press-Enterprise. Cathedral City is near Palm Springs.

Pettis reported the alleged attempted bribe to authorities and wore a body wire
during the ensuing investigation.

Court records show that Aguilera, who was then the Cathedral City community
development director, was indicted on suspicion of accepting a bribe from the
billboard company owner through the owner's wife.

Aguilera, through his lawyer, denied any wrongdoing back then.

The billboard company owner was convicted of bribing a public officer, and was
sentenced to 90 days in the custody of the Riverside County Sheriff's Office, 36
months of probation and $10,000 in fines.

Before working for Sunland Park, Aguilera was the city manager of Truth or
Consequences, N.M., from September 2005 to September 2009.

Truth or Consequences Mayor Lori Montgomery said Tuesday that she and the other
city officials did not know about Aguilera's conviction when he interviewed for
the job.

"It did not turn up during the background check because he said the record was
expunged," she said. "We asked him about it in a closed session of the city
council after it came to our attention. Later, in open session, he acknowledged
it."

Eligible people can have an arrest or conviction record expunged, or erased,
from their record after fulfilling certain criteria. The process varies from
state to state.

However, Aguilera's case is available for viewing online at
http://public-access.riverside.courts.ca.gov.

Montgomery said that the issue came up a couple of years ago, and that the city
never had any problem with him. "He left to take a higher-paying job,"
Montgomery said.

Aguilera said he did not fight the California charges as hard as he could have
because it was going to cost him a lot of money.

"I pled no contest because I didn't plan to keep working. I retired at the age
of 50, which I was eligible for, after 20 years of service with several cities
in California," he said.

Aguilera finished paying off his court-ordered fines in 2005, the year he
applied to be city manager of Truth or Consequences.

Aguilera said he does not believe the conviction will hurt his effectiveness as
a city manager. He is one of the key city officials involved in the proposed
international crossing at Sunland Park-Anapra, Mexico.

"It didn't affect it in Truth or Consequences, and it hasn't affected it in
Sunland Park," he said.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6140.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2010 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             712 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            January 19, 2010 Tuesday

Sunland Park city manager convicted in bribery case

BYLINE: By Diana Washington Valdez / El Paso Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 692 words


EL PASO   The city manager of Sunland Park acknowledged on Tuesday that he was
convicted of facilitating a bribe when he was an official of Cathedral City,
Calif.

Jaime R. Aguilera also said he disclosed his conviction to Sunland Park City
Council members when they interviewed him for the job last year.

Aguilera, 59, of El Paso, said he began his city manager duties for Sunland Park
in October and will receive an annual salary of $95,000.

According to court records in Riverside County, Calif., Aguilera pleaded not
guilty to four felony counts of bribery. Although the records state that he
pleaded guilty on Jan. 11, 2002, to an amended charge, Aguilera said he actually
entered a plea of "no contest" to the misdemeanor of facilitating a bribe.

Courts treat a plea of no contest the same as a conviction.

John Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County district attorney, confirmed
Aguilera's conviction.

A judge sentenced Aguilera to 36 months of probation and one day in jail. He
received credit for time served when he was booked at the jail, and was ordered
to pay $5,597 in fines, according to records.

"I didn't do anything wrong," Aguilera said. "I introduced two people, and then
one of them committed a crime. And because I introduced them, they thought I was
guilty." Sunland Park Mayor Martin Resendiz and several City Council members who
were contacted about Aguilera's conviction did not return phone messages.

Aguilera's conviction stemmed from an investigation by California authorities
into allegations that a billboard company owner had offered Cathedral City
Councilman Greg Pettis money to help the company place its billboards on
city-owned property, according to a 2000 news article in the Riverside
Press-Enterprise. Cathedral City is near Palm Springs.

Pettis reported the alleged attempted bribe to authorities and wore a body wire
during the ensuing investigation.

Court records show that Aguilera, who was then the Cathedral City community
development director, was indicted on suspicion of accepting a bribe from the
billboard company owner through the owner's wife.

Aguilera, through his lawyer, denied any wrongdoing back then.

The billboard company owner was convicted of bribing a public officer, and was
sentenced to 90 days in the custody of the Riverside County Sheriff's Office, 36
months of probation and $10,000 in fines.

Before working for Sunland Park, Aguilera was the city manager of Truth or
Consequences, N.M., from September 2005 to September 2009.

Truth or Consequences Mayor Lori Montgomery said Tuesday that she and the other
city officials did not know about Aguilera's conviction when he interviewed for
the job.

"It did not turn up during the background check because he said the record was
expunged," she said. "We asked him about it in a closed session of the city
council after it came to our attention. Later, in open session, he acknowledged
it." Eligible people can have an arrest or conviction record expunged, or
erased, from their record after fulfilling certain criteria. The process varies
from state to state.

However, Aguilera's case is available for viewing online at
http://public-access.riverside.courts.ca.gov.

Montgomery said that the issue came up a couple of years ago, and that the city
never had any problem with him. "He left to take a higher-paying job,"
Montgomery said.

Aguilera said he did not fight the California charges as hard as he could have
because it was going to cost him a lot of money.

"I pled no contest because I didn't plan to keep working. I retired at the age
of 50, which I was eligible for, after 20 years of service with several cities
in California," he said.

Aguilera finished paying off his court-ordered fines in 2005, the year he
applied to be city manager of Truth or Consequences.

Aguilera said he does not believe the conviction will hurt his effectiveness as
a city manager. He is one of the key city officials involved in the proposed
international crossing at Sunland Park-Anapra, Mexico.

"It didn't affect it in Truth or Consequences, and it hasn't affected it in
Sunland Park," he said.

Diana Washington Valdez may be reached at dvaldez@elpasotimes.com; 546-6140.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             713 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             March 13, 2007 Tuesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

Bribe convictions hold for LaBrakes

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 442 words


TAMPA

Former Tampa housing chief Steve LaBrake and his wife, Lynne, are still guilty
of accepting bribes, the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals ruled Monday. The court
also affirmed the conviction of Tampa-Hillsborough Action Plan executive
director Chester M. Luney, who was convicted of offering the LaBrakes a bribe.
In their appeal, the defendants challenged the indictment, the district court's
conduct of the trial and Steve LaBrake's sentence. But the court wasn't swayed.
Steve LaBrake was sentenced in 2005 to five years, his wife received 41 months
and Luney 33 months.

LITHIA

Husband sees wife's fatal crash

Safe in another vehicle, Donald Thomas saw his wife, Sheila, lose control of her
Pontiac Firebird, hit a tree and fly from her car Monday morning. Thomas said he
tried to give his wife CPR, but Sheila Thomas, 40, died. The crash happened at
11:30 a.m. at 1621 Thompson Road, less than a mile from the couple's home.
Traffic backed up for half a mile on the rural stretch. Hillsborough sheriff's
deputies are investigating.

TAMPA

Sulfuric acid burns employee

A 76-year-old employee at a North Tampa chemical plant was rushed to the
hospital Monday after being burned on the face, arms and legs with sulfuric
acid. Radisbel E. Cisneros, who has worked at Theochem Laboratories for 40
years, was conscious and alert when Tampa Fire Rescue arrived at the plant at
7373 Rowlett Park Drive. He was burned after a line broke between two containers
of acid, spraying Cisneros, who managed to shut down the valve, fire officials
said. He said he was wearing proper eye and skin protection. Cisneros was rushed
to Tampa General Hospital with second-degree burns on 30 percent of his body.
His injuries were not life-threatening, said Tampa Fire Rescue spokesman Capt.
Bill Wade. Officials at Theochem declined to comment.

ST. PETERSBURG

Distraught man holds off police

An armed man threatening to kill himself surrendered to police after a two-hour
standoff Monday morning. Jeff Williams, 45, was depressed because he had
recently stolen money from friends and family through identity theft, police
said. Williams, who lived in various motels in the city, drove a Jeep Cherokee
around the city until he ran out of gas about 8:22 a.m. near a warehouse in the
2100 block of 15th Circle N, police said. After two hours, Williams, who had
been holding a handgun to his head, gave himself up. He was taken to a mental
health treatment center under the Baker Act. He faces a charge of being a felon
in possession of a firearm and also has an outstanding arrest warrant from
California on a charge of grand theft auto.

NEW PORT RICHEY

Eye clinic owner also is charged

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             714 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 30, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

In America;
Tormenting Hevesi

BYLINE:  By BOB HERBERT

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Editorial Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 695 words


One night in June 1939 Joe Louis fought a championship bout with Tony Galento, a
tavern owner from Orange, N.J., who was shaped like a beer barrel and nicknamed
Two-Ton.

The highlight of Galento's career came in the third round when he knocked Louis
down. Louis got off the canvas quickly and in the next round he pummeled Galento
with a fury that frightened ringsiders and left the challenger helpless. The
referee stopped the fight.

After the fight came the spin. With blood streaming down his face from cuts that
would require 23 stitches to close, Galento argued ferociously that the fight
should not have been stopped, that things were going his way, that Louis surely
would have been defeated if only the referee hadn't intervened.

From Two-Ton Tony's perspective, the beating that he was absorbing was a good
thing.

Something similar is happening in New York's Democratic mayoral primary. Alan
Hevesi is not nearly in as woeful a condition as Galento was in that fourth
round against Joe Louis. Mr. Hevesi still has a good chance of making it into a
runoff, and in a runoff anything can happen. But Mr. Hevesi has been taking a
pretty severe pounding from a couple of heavyweight antagonists -- Rudolph
Giuliani and The New York Post.

And the latest spin from the Hevesi camp is that somehow this is a good thing.

On Aug. 17 The Post ran a flimsy article with a big Page 1 headline that said
"Hevesi Bribe Claim." (A similar article ran in Newsday, although it was not
prominently displayed.) The story was so weak that The Post, in an editorial on
Tuesday, noted: ". . . the bribe claim is unsubstantiated. And, from what we
know of Hevesi, unlikely to be true."

Nevertheless, that big headline with the word "bribe" in it was out there.
Meanwhile, like the other half of a tag team, Mayor Giuliani climbed into the
ring. He said that Mr. Hevesi, the city comptroller, should be investigated. He
charged repeatedly that the comptroller was "ethically challenged." He said Mr.
Hevesi had used his office inappropriately to help set up a business meeting for
a campaign contributor. And he told reporters that Mr. Hevesi had trouble
telling the truth.

(In the midst of that onslaught, which went on for days, the mayor also said he
had "a hard time believing" that Alan Hevesi had taken a bribe.)

Mr. Hevesi's campaign was already struggling. And no candidate can let
allegations of corruption go unanswered. So the comptroller, who called the
bribe charge a "despicable lie," fought back against the mayor by accusing him
of ethical lapses and bully-boy tactics. I don't know what else he could have
done, but you could almost feel the voters tuning out.

And here is where the comparison with Tony Galento comes in. Aides to Mr.
Hevesi, while not happy over the ugly charges being leveled against their
candidate, have come to believe -- or are trying to get others to believe --
that this high-profile fight with the mayor enhances the comptroller's stature
and will boost his chances of reaching a runoff on Sept. 11. Never mind that the
guy is being trashed daily, accused of lying and engaging in corruption. The
spin is that, on balance, this whole episode is a good thing.

On Tuesday Mr. Hevesi further escalated the fight, releasing a television ad
attacking Mr. Giuliani and The Post. "Rudy's at it again," the ad says. "He's
joined Rupert Murdoch's right-wing New York Post in attacking Democrat Alan
Hevesi."

Mr. Giuliani and the people at The Post seemed delighted with the opportunity to
keep the brouhaha going. "Get Rupert on the phone," Mr. Giuliani joked at City
Hall.

The Post, meanwhile, ran a huge front-page photo of Mr. Hevesi's head
superimposed on the body of an infant clad in a diaper. The one-word headline
was "Crybaby."

(The Post's front page was a ripoff of a Daily News front page from Nov. 16,
1995, that featured an illustration of Newt Gingrich as an infant having a
temper tantrum under the headline "Cry Baby.")

The folks in Mr. Hevesi's corner may be right. This fight may be a good thing
for the comptroller. It's interesting to note, however, that none of the other
Democratic candidates would be willing to trade places with him.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                             715 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Washington: Baltimore City Landfill Employee Sentenced to Federal Prison for
Soliciting and Accepting Bribes from Trash Haulers

LENGTH: 1002  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 U.S. District Judge Marvin J. Garbis sentenced former Baltimore City Department
of Public Works (DPW) employee Tamara Oliver Washington, age 56, of Baltimore,
today to 18 months in federal prison, followed by three years of supervised
release, for conspiracy and solicitation of bribes.  The charges stemmed from a
14 year scheme in which Washington and other DPW employees sought and accepted
cash payments from commercial trash haulers in return for allowing the
commercial haulers to deposit trash at the Quarantine Road Landfill (Landfill)
without paying the required disposal fees.  Judge Garbis also entered an order
requiring Washington to pay restitution of $6 million.



 The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Kevin Perkins of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation; Robert H. Pearre, Jr., Inspector General, City of
Baltimore Office of Inspector General; Special Agent in Charge Thomas Jankowski
of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation, Washington, D.C. Field
Office; and Colonel William M. Pallozzi, Superintendent of the Maryland State
Police.

 The DPW's Bureau of Solid Waste is responsible for managing Baltimore City's
waste management services, including overseeing citizen drop-off centers, such
as the Northwest Transfer Station (NWTS) and the Landfill.  The waste management
system generates revenue for the City by collecting and selling recyclable scrap
metal dumped at the City's trash collection facilities.  Baltimore contracts
with private salvage companies to purchase and remove scrap metal from its trash
collection facilities. DPW employees at the Landfill and NWTS are required to
place the recyclable scrap metal in separate bins provided by the salvage
companies.  The salvage companies regularly pick up the scrap metal and, based
on predetermined prices per ton, the salvage companies pay the City for the
value of the scrap metal.

 Baltimore residents can deposit small amounts of trash and/or recyclables in
dumpsters located near the main entrance of the Landfill, free of charge.
Individuals or companies commercially hauling trash that have registered their
vehicles with the City and obtained Landfill permits, as well as Baltimore
residents with larger loads, must deposit their trash in an open area located
further within the Landfill.  Commercial haulers of trash that meet certain
vehicle weight limitations must, in addition to purchasing a Landfill permit,
pay a waste disposal fee of $67.50 per ton of trash deposited at the Landfill.

 According to her plea agreement, Washington was a DPW employee assigned to the
scale house at the Landfill.  DPW employees assigned as scale house operators
weigh each truck as it enters the Landfill, which is recorded on a computerized
point-of-sale system.  To activate the system and record a particular
transaction, DPW employees must enter the tag number of the truck and a
corresponding billing code.  The scale house operators reweigh each truck as it
leaves the Landfill.  The net weight of the deposited trash and the required
disposal fee is then calculated and printed on a receipt that is handed to the
driver.

 Beginning in 2001, about three months after getting hired as a scale house
operator at the Landfill, Washington started accepting bribe payments from small
haulers in lieu of charging them the full disposal fee for using the Landfill.
Beginning in 2002, about one year after being hired, Washington started
accepting bribe payments from large haulers of trash in lieu of charging them
the full disposal fee for using the Landfill.  Washington and other scale house
employees accepted $100 bribe payments from some haulers for each truckload of
trash dumped at the Landfill. Washington participated in the bribery scheme for
more than fourteen years, until her arrest in May 2015.

 Washington and others concealed the bribery scheme by not entering a truck's
registration number into the computerized scale system, which meant the
transaction was not recorded.  Consequently, the transaction would not appear on
the scale house's daily logs and the commercial hauler would not be billed for
using the Landfill on that particular occasion.  To maintain the pretense that
the trucks had been weighed and the disposal fee paid, Washington and others
would hand the truck drivers fake or blank receipts when they crossed the
outbound scale.  In return, the commercial haulers either paid the $100 bribe
through the outbound window at the scale house or met with Washington or another
scale house operator at an off-site location to pay a week's worth of bribes or
more.  The commercial haulers always paid the $100 bribes in cash.

 By paying the $100 bribes in lieu of the disposal fees, these haulers saved
their businesses thousands of dollars each month, which, in turn, cost the City
of Baltimore more than $6 million in revenue.  From July 1, 2014 through May 1,
2015 alone, Washington accepted on her own behalf, and on behalf of other DPW
employees, more than $40,000 in bribe payments from one individual in return for
not charging the individual or his company the required waste disposal fees,
which totaled approximately $120,000 during that period of time.

 Six Baltimore Department of Public Works (DPW) employees and six commercial
trash haulers have been convicted in federal court for this scheme, and/or a
second scheme in which DPW employees stole scrap metal from the Landfill for
personal gain.

 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the FBI, IRS-CI, Baltimore
Office of Inspector General, and Maryland State Police for their work in the
investigation.  Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant United States Attorneys Martin
J. Clarke and Leo J. Wise, who prosecuted the case.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             716 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Facts on File World News Digest

                                  May 4, 2006

Politics;
News in Brief

SECTION: Pg. 340B3

LENGTH: 412 words


The owner of Louisville, Kentucky-based Internet and cable television provider
iGate Inc., Vernon Jackson, May 3 pleaded guilty in U.S. District Court in
Alexandria, Virginia, to bribing Representative William Jefferson (D,
Louisiana). Jackson said he had given Jefferson more than $400,000 in bribes
between 2001 and 2005 to promote iGate's interests in meetings with government
officials in the U.S., Nigeria, Ghana and Cameroon. The court documents referred
to the recipient of the bribes as "Representative A," but authorities had
confirmed that Jefferson was the target of the investigation. The payoffs,
including $7,500 in monthly installments, plus iGate stock options and
percentages of the company's revenues and capital, were allegedly paid to a
company owned by Jefferson's family, ANJ Group. In January, a former Jefferson
aide had pleaded guilty to arranging the bribes. [See 2006 Politics: Aide Pleads
Guilty to Bribing Congressman]

Representative Cynthia McKinney (D, Georgia) April 6 apologized on the House
floor for a physical altercation with a Capitol Police officer March 29. The
officer had not recognized McKinney as a member of Congress and sought to bar
her from bypassing a metal-detector at an entrance to a House office building.
McKinney reportedly struck the officer in the chest with her cellular telephone.
McKinney, who was black, had subsequently accused the officer of "racial
profiling" and "inappropriate touching." A federal grand jury had convened to
probe the incident after the Capitol Police asked prosecutors to charge McKinney
with assault and sought a warrant for her arrest. [See 2004 State by State
Election Results: Georgia; 2002 2002 Elections: Controversial Georgia Incumbents
Ousted; 1998 Politics: People in the News]

A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia
Circuit March 28 upheld a 2004 lower court ruling, ordering Representative Jim
McDermott (D, Washington) to pay more than $700,000 in damages and legal fees to
House Majority Leader John Boehner (R, Ohio). Boehner had sued McDermott for
passing to reporters an illegal recording of a 1996 telephone conference call
between Boehner and other Republican House leaders. They were discussing an
ethics inquiry into then-Speaker Newt Gingrich (R, Georgia), who took part in
the call. McDermott was expected to appeal the ruling to the Supreme Court. [See
2004 Politics: Democrats, GOP Report Fund-raising; Other Developments]

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Facts on File, Inc.


                             717 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday
                             Politifact.com Edition

ORGANIZING FOR ACTION SAYS KOCH BROTHERS GROUP USED BOOZE TO BRIBE YOUNG PEOPLE
OUT OF BUYING HEALTH INSURANCE

BYLINE: JULIE KLIEGMAN

SECTION: POLITIFACT

LENGTH: 760 words


A Koch brothers group is "going to college campuses, giving away free booze to
try to bribe young folks out of getting health insurance."

Organizing for Action on Wednesday, March 26th, 2014 in a fundraising email

* * *

THE RULING: HALF TRUE

"This is some sick crap."

So began an Organizing for Action fundraising email.

The group attacked David and Charles Koch, the billionaire brothers who support
the tea party movement.

"This should humiliate anyone who's ever been associated with the Koch
brothers," the March 26 email continued. "One of their anti-Obamacare groups is
going to college campuses, giving away free booze to try to bribe young folks
out of getting health insurance."

We wondered if such an education campaign, complete with free alcohol, really
existed. The email referred to Generation Opportunity, a national political
activist group made up of young conservatives. They're behind the "Creepy Uncle
Sam" ads you may have seen last year.

Back in November 2013, the Tampa Bay Times reported on one of their 20 "opt-out"
campaign stops at college campuses to educate students about alternatives to
buying health insurance on the Affordable Care Act exchanges.

At a University of Miami-Virginia Tech football game tailgate, Generation
Opportunity set up a DJ, beer pong tables, models and free pizza to draw
students in. They handed out free gear with their logo on it -- T-shirts, beer
koozies, bottle openers.

The one thing they didn't provide is the beer itself. Spokesman David Pasch said
21+college students brought their own beer to the Miami event and others.

However, just off campus near several colleges, Generation Opportunity hosted
happy hours where they did give out individual tickets for free drinks to 21+
attendees at places like The Crust, a Williamsburg, Va., pizza place. These
events weren't focused specifically on an anti-Affordable Care Act agenda, but
there was free "opt-out swag" on hand, Pasch said.

So we know Generation Opportunity did offer free booze to college-aged students
at some of their events, but let's take a closer look at the opt-out campaign.
Organizing for Action claimed Generation Opportunity used the campaign to "bribe
young folks out of getting health insurance."

But Generation Opportunity's events were open to everyone, Pasch said. Attendees
at the tailgates and happy hours didn't need to swear off the health care reform
before snagging a free T-shirt or drink.

Also, the campaign's goal is not to encourage young Americans to go without
health care. It's to get them to look into alternative coverage options to the
online marketplaces, such as private plans that still fit the Affordable Care
Act's 10 essential benefit requirements. Those plans still fulfill the law's
individual mandate, which requires everyone to have health insurance.

"We never have (and never will) advocate young people forgo health insurance,"
Pasch said.

Our ruling

Organizing for Action said Generation Opportunity is "going to college campuses,
giving away free booze to try to bribe young folks out of getting health
insurance."

The Koch brothers-backed group holds Opt-Out events to encourage young people to
consider buying health insurance off the Affordable Care Act marketplaces. At
some of their education campaign events near college campuses, they did offer
free alcohol to entice attendees. At campus events, students brought the booze
themselves.

Generation Opportunity didn't bribe students, but they did offer alcohol to
young people who wanted to hear about alternatives to the health care reform's
marketplaces. We rate Organizing for Action's statement Half True.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Tuesday, April 1st, 2014 at 4:06 p.m.

Subjects: Alcohol, Health Care

Sources: Dartmouth College Republicans, "Freedom on the rocks," March 25, 2014;
Email interview with Katie Hogan, Organizing for Action spokeswoman, March 31,
2014; Eventbrite, "Free drinks & food at The Crust!" Nov. 1, 2013; Generation
Opportunity, "Opt out -- the exam," Sept. 18, 2013; Phone and email interviews
with David Pasch, Generation Opportunity spokesman, March 26 and April 1, 2014;
Tampa Bay Times, "Chugging beers with Creepy Uncle Sam," Nov. 11, 2013; Tampa
Bay Times, "Opt out of Obamacare is conservative group's message to young
people," Oct. 12, 2013; The Miami Hurricane, "UM College Republicans host
tailgate to educate on Obamacare," Nov. 14, 2013; The Weekly Standard,
"Generation Opportunity takes 'opt out' of Obamacare message to college
students," Dec. 7, 2013

Researched by: Julie Kliegman

Edited by: Angie Drobnic Holan

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             718 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             March 21, 2016 Monday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Diplo admits $1M bribe for UN big

BYLINE: Reuven Blau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 139 words


A SUSPENDED United Nations ambassador from the Dominican Republic has pleaded
guilty to bribing the president of the General Assembly as the probe widens.

Francis Lorenzo, 48, confessed in Manhattan Federal Court on Wednesday that he
assisted in paying $1.3 million in bribes from Ng Lap Seng, a billionaire real
estate developer in Macau, to John Ashe, a former UN ambassador from Antigua and
Barbuda who served as General Assembly president from 2013 to 2014.

On Friday, the feds charged Vivi Wang, 55, a naturalized U.S. citizen from
China, with making $500,000 in bribes to buy lucrative diplomatic spots with the
government of Antigua for her husband and another man.

Prosecutors said Ashe, who has not been charged in the scheme but was hit with
two counts of filing bogus tax returns, "solicited and facilitated" the bribes
from Wang.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                             719 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Former City of Miami Police Officer Charged with Accepting Bribes

LENGTH: 295  words


A former uniformed police officer with the City of Miami Police Department is
charged with accepting bribes.
Wifredo A. Ferrer, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of Florida, George L.
Piro, Special Agent in Charge, FBI, Miami Field Office, and Rodolfo Llanes,
Chief, City of Miami Police Department (MPD) made the announcement.


On September 21, 2015, Julio Ruiz made his initial appearance in federal court
on a Criminal Information filed by the U.S. Attorney's Office. In that
Information, Ruiz is charged with three counts of affecting commerce by
extortion under color of official right, in violation of Title 18, United States
Code, Section 1951(a). Specifically, Ruiz is charged with accepting three bribe
payments between April 26 and June 12, 2013, for a total sum of $1,800 cash and
a cellular telephone. In exchange for the bribe payments, the Information
alleges Ruiz misused his position as a police officer by providing access to,
and information regarding, traffic accidents within the jurisdiction of the City
of Miami police department.
Title 18, United States Code, Section 1951(a) carries a maximum sentence of 20
years' imprisonment, a maximum fine of $250,000, and a term of supervised
release of up to three years. The case has been assigned to United States
District Court Judge Cecilia M. Altonaga.
Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the FBI Miami Area Corruption
Task Force and the City of Miami Police Department Internal Affairs Division.
This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Anthony Lacosta.
Related court documents and information may be found on the website of the
District Court for the Southern District of Florida at www.flsd.uscourts.gov or
on http://pacer.flsd.uscourts.gov . 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             720 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 19, 2004 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Metro Briefing  Connecticut: Hartford: New Trial Sought On Bribery Conviction

BYLINE: By Stacey Stowe (NYT); Compiled by Anthony Ramirez

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 122 words


Prosecutors in a case related to the scandal surrounding the former state
treasurer, Paul J. Silvester, argued last week against a new trial for Charles
B. Spadoni, who was convicted last July of offering a $2 million bribe. No date
has been set for Judge Ellen Bree Burns's ruling on the motion. Mr. Spadoni, the
head of Triumph Capital Group of Boston, was convicted of offering the bribe to
Mr. Silvester in exchange for the right to manage Connecticut's pension fund.
Mr. Spadoni contends that the jury was misled when prosecutors said Mr.
Silvester had pleaded guilty to accepting a bribe. In fact, Mr. Spadoni's
defense lawyers said, Mr. Silvester had pleaded guilty not to accepting a bribe
but to mail fraud.   Stacey Stowe (NYT)


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                             721 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                             May 4, 2005 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Alltel probes alleged bribes paid by former division

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports

SECTION: A; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 585 words

DATELINE: LITTLE ROCK, AR


A lawsuit claims a $1 million payment was made to a Chinese banker.

LITTLE ROCK - Alltel Corp. said Tuesday it is investigating "alleged improper
payments" made by a division the telecommunications company since has sold.

Alltel issued a statement that was vague about the circumstances, but recent
news articles in The Economist magazine and other publications reported
accusations that a Chinese  banker took a bribe from what was formerly known as
Alltel Information Systems.

Alltel said the alleged payments occurred before the Little Rock company sold
the information systems division in 2003 to Fidelity National Financial for $1
billion.

When China Construction Bank announced the resignation of its chairman, Zhang
Enzhao, on March 16, the mainland's third-biggest lender claimed he had quit for
"personal reasons," according to The Economist's March 26 edition.

The magazine reported there may have been more to his resignation than that:  a
lawsuit filed in the United States alleges that Zhang collected a $1 million
bribe from Alltel's former international division for helping it secure a big
information-technology contract from his bank.

Now president of Fidelity Information Services' international and auto finance
division Jim N. Wilson is accused of paying Zhang that money and granting other
favors to keep Grace & Digital Information Technology Co. Ltd., a Chinese
consultancy, from getting a one-third cut of $176 million in software contracts
with China Construction Bank that AIS allegedly landed in 2001, according to
court documents reported by the Arkansas Democrat Gazette.

The allegations are in a complaint over contract violations filed in California
last December under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, according to news
reports.

The suit claims Johnson offered the bribe during an all-expenses-paid golf trip
for Zhang and two friends to Pebble Beach in May 2002.

In addition  to the bribe, Wilson used his corporate credit card to pay more
than $10,000 for the golf game, the magazine reported.

Zhang also asked the Alltel division to pay for his son's education in London
and to meet his wife's travel expenses to visit the son, according to the
magazine. It also says Zhang's friends received favors.

Grace & Digital Information Technology filed the lawsuit and says it was cheated
out of $58.7 million in commissions on two software contracts that Alltel's
former division won from the Chinese bank in 2001 with Grace's help, according
to The Economist.

When the former Alltel division entertained Zhang in California, they drew up
new contracts and, the complaint alleges, "colluded" to exclude Grace, the
magazine reported.

In his response, also reported by The Economist, Wilson called the bribery
charges "completely false." A letter shows that AIS gave notice to terminate its
contract with Grace in March 2002 - a year and a half, Wilson says, before AIS
struck new contracts with CCB, the magazine reported.

Alltel said it informed the Justice Department and the Securities and Exchange
Commission that the company's audit and governance committees are conducting an
independent investigation.

"The company intends to cooperate with any inquiry that may be conducted by the
SEC or the Department of Justice into these allegations," Alltel said in a news
release.

Alltel is the incumbent telephone company in Lincoln and southeast Nebraska.
Alltel provides wireless, local telephone, long distance, Internet and broadband
services to residential and business customers in 27 states.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                             722 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  The Guardian

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Review: Married to the bribe: Teju Cole's story of homecoming exposes Nigerian
corruption. By Helon Habila: Every Day Is for the Thief by Teju Cole 176pp,
Faber, £12.99

SECTION: GUARDIAN REVIEW PAGES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 757 words


Teju Cole's Every Day Is for the Thief opens as it means to go on, with a
jeremiad against the corruption and sense of hopelessness in which Nigerian
society wallows and which it seems incapable of escaping. The unnamed narrator
has to pay a bribe, right under a sign that says, "don't give bribes", as he
applies for a visa in the Nigerian consulate in New York. The bribe-givers know
they shouldn't give bribes, the bribe-takers know they shouldn't take them, but
both are helpless, it seems, against an almost metaphysical force that drives
them on this path, with no end in sight. At the embassy a man says over and
over, as if trying to convince himself, "This should be a time of joy. You know.
Going home should be a thing of joy."

The narrator is returning to Nigeria after 15 years of absence; he left, we find
out much later in the book, under a cloud, after his father's death, and after a
spat with his mother. He is studying psychiatry in New York; he also aspires to
be a writer. He is coming home to reconnect with the past, and to see if he
wants to stay. It is through this scout's-eye view, always prospecting for a
congenial and habitable environment, that the narrator appraises Lagos, and
makes his judgment; and it is understandable that often the judgment is harsh.
Every Day Is for the Thief was originally published before Cole's critically
successful Open City, and some of the narrative threads run through both books.
Indeed, Every Day appears to be a prequel to Open City - both narrators went to
the same military secondary school, both grew up in Lagos, both left for New
York after their father's death, both are studying medicine. Although it is not
stated anywhere by the publisher or the author, it is logical to assume the two
narrators are one person.

Unlike most narratives of return, in which the place returned to, now seen
through adult eyes, appears shrunken, here it appears larger. "The hallways of
the house are bigger than they used to be. The floor is broad and covered with
curiously soft white tiles. It is as though I have shrunk in the years since I
was last here . . ."

Lagos, and the rest of the country, have also changed. Nigeria is now a
democracy, and is more open; the Chinese, the Germans, the Indians, the Lebanese
- they are all here, joining the scramble for oil dollars that is the source of
Nigeria's prosperity, and also the source of its corruption. And yet, the change
appears to be superficial. The traditional and the superstitious are always
there, side by side with the modern.

Teju Cole has a photographer's eye for detail. A goat on its knees reaching for
stunted grass, a determined struggle for survival, suddenly gives way to another
kind of struggle: local boys brazenly extorting money from the narrator's uncle
and aunt. Each chapter takes us to another setting, another institution - a
museum, a market, a bookstore - which the author then uses to examine the
general state of politics or art or religion in Nigeria.

Cole is searching for what he describes, using an image from Tomas Transtromer,
as a "spot of sun that moves over the house walls and slips over the unaware
forest of flickering faces . . . " Sometimes one wonders if the narrator is
looking hard enough, or in the right places. One wishes, sometimes, that the
storyteller would take a detour from the well-trodden middle-class avenues, the
museums and art centres, and shine his prospector's torchlight on the
backstreets and hovels and tenement houses written about elsewhere by Ben Okri
and Cyprian Ekwensi. Lagos is a city that stirs up ambitions not only in the
writer, but also in the reader. And one feels that this writer will be back with
more on this exhausting, but still unexhausted city.

The last chapter begins to take that detour, albeit belatedly. This is perhaps
the best section in the book, bringing us closer to the unspeakable mysteries
and magic of place. A colony of coffin makers work wood, while all around them
on the floor are the golden wood-shavings whose "bouffant" beauty almost
undermines the grimness of the fact that soon a body will be laid to rest in one
of those coffins. Here, for a moment, we are free of the book's too insistent
plaints about the shortcomings of the city and the country; we are presented
with its magic.

Helon Habila's Oil on Water is published by Penguin. To order Every Day Is for
the Thief for £10.39 with free UK p&p call Guardian book service on 0330 333
6846 or go to guardianbookshop.co.uk.

Captions:

Photographer's eye for detail . . . Cole

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             723 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Three Executives of South Florida Psychiatric Hospital Sentenced in
$67 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 1035  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Three executives of Hollywood Pavilion LLC (HP), an inpatient psychiatric
hospital located in Broward County, Florida, were sentenced today for their
roles in a $67 million Medicare fraud scheme.

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Wilfredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida, Special Agent in Charge Michael B. Steinbach of the FBI's Miami Field
Office, and Special Agent in Charge Christopher B. Dennis of the U.S. Department
of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Office of
Investigation's Miami Office made the announcement.

Karen Kallen-Zury, 60, of Lighthouse Point, Florida; Daisy Miller, 44, of
Hollywood, Florida; and Christian Coloma, 50, of Miami Beach, Florida, were
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Jose E. Martinez in the Southern District of
Florida. Kallen-Zury was sentenced to serve 25 years in prison; Miller was
sentenced to 15 years in prison; and Coloma was sentenced to 12 years in prison.
In addition to their prison terms, Kallen-Zury and Miller were ordered to pay
more than $39 million in restitution, jointly and severally with certain
co-defendants. Coloma was ordered to pay more than $20 million in restitution,
jointly and severally with certain co-defendants. The sentencing hearing for
Michele Petrie, another convicted executive of HP, is scheduled for December 18,
2013.

On June 28, 2013, Kallen-Zury and Miller were found guilty of one count of
conspiracy to commit wire fraud and health care fraud, five substantive counts
of wire fraud, and two substantive counts of health care fraud. Coloma was
convicted of one count of conspiracy to pay bribes in connection with Medicare.
Kallen-Zury and Coloma were also convicted on five substantive counts of paying
bribes.

"These defendants from Hollywood Pavilion who were sentenced today are the first
executives from a licensed state hospital prosecuted by the Medicare Fraud
Strike Force," said Acting Assistant Attorney General Raman. "They abused the
public's trust by deliberately targeting disabled substance abusers and conning
them into spending weeks locked down at a psychiatric hospital. Their conduct
proves that health care fraud is not only about harm to the public fisc--it is
about real harm to individuals in need of medical care. Thanks to the hard work
of the Strike Force, the nine-year, $67 million scheme was discovered, the
hospital was shut down, and the executives will now spend as much as 25 years in
prison."

"Bribes, kickbacks, and false claims are words that have no place in America's
health care lexicon, yet the greed of these executives developed into an
elaborate $67 million health care fraud scheme that involved these very terms,"
said FBI Special Agent in Charge Steinbach. "Ultimately, health care fraud robs
from the elderly and disabled. The FBI and its partners will continue to pursue
those individuals who pay kickbacks and fraudulently bill for medical services
that are not necessary or ever provided."

"Health care fraud is a devastating crime that threatens the strength and
integrity of our health care system," said U.S. Attorney Ferrer. "As I have
previously stated, we remain steadfast in our efforts to protect Medicare from
fraud and abuse for those who need it--the sick, the elderly, and the poor.
Today's sentencing should send a strong, clear message to anyone seeking to
defraud Medicare: You will get caught, and you will be brought to justice."

Evidence at trial demonstrated that the defendants and their co-conspirators
caused the submission of false and fraudulent claims to Medicare through HP, a
state-licensed psychiatric hospital located in Hollywood that purportedly
provided, among other things, inpatient psychiatric care and intensive
outpatient psychiatric care. The defendants paid illegal bribes and kickbacks to
patient brokers to obtain Medicare beneficiaries as patients at HP who did not
qualify for psychiatric treatment. The defendants then submitted claims to
Medicare for those patients who were procured through bribes and kickbacks.

According to evidence at trial, Kallen-Zury, the CEO and registered agent of HP,
attempted to conceal the payment of bribes and kickbacks by creating false
documents to make it appear as if legitimate services were being rendered.
Miller, the clinical director of HP's inpatient facility, and Petrie, the head
of HP's intensive outpatient program, facilitated the payment of bribes to
patient recruiters and oversaw the fraudulent admissions and treatment of
unqualified patients. Coloma, the director of physical therapy for an entity
associated with HP, facilitated the payment of bribes and kickbacks, and he
supervised the creation of false documents to conceal the bribery scheme.

From at least 2003 through at least August 2012, HP billed Medicare nearly $70
million for services that were not properly rendered, for patients that did not
qualify for the services being billed, and for claims for patients who were
procured through bribes and kickbacks.

This case was investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG and was brought as part of the
Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the supervision of the Criminal Division's
Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Southern District of
Florida. The case was prosecuted by Trial Attorneys Robert Zink, Andrew Warren
and Anne McNamara of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section, with assistance from
Assistant U.S. Attorney Timothy Abraham of the Southern District of Florida.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force operations in
nine locations have charged more than 1,500 defendants that collectively have
billed the Medicare program for more than $5 billion. In addition, HHS's Centers
for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working in conjunction with the HHS-OIG, are
taking steps to increase accountability and decrease the presence of fraudulent
providers.

To learn more about the Health Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement Action Team
(HEAT), go to www.stopmedicarefraud.gov.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             724 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             July 23, 2015 Thursday

Former FCI Danbury Employee Sentenced to Prison for Participating in Bribery
Scheme

LENGTH: 444  words


Deirdre M. Daly, United States Attorney for the District of Connecticut, today
announced that KISHA PERKINS, 43, of Waterbury, was sentenced yesterday by U.S.
District Judge Michael P. Shea in Hartford to 12 months and one day of
imprisonment, followed by one year of supervised release, for participating in a
bribe scheme at the Federal Correctional Institution in Danbury (FCI Danbury)
where she was employed as a case manager.

According to court documents and statements made in court, in June 2013, PERKINS
approached another FCI Danbury employee about an opportunity to participate in a
scheme to solicit a cash bribe from an inmate at FCI Danbury in exchange for the
inmate's early release to a halfway house. At that time, PERKINS held the job
title of "Unit Counselor" at FCI Danbury and did not have administrative
authority to recommend inmates for early release. PERKINS explained that her
co-worker was needed to complete the scheme because the co-worker had the
administrative ability to recommend inmates for early release.

PERKINS' co-worker declined to participate in the scheme, reported the incident
to law enforcement and agreed to cooperate in the investigation, which included
the use of numerous consensually recorded conversations.

In July 2013, under the direction of law enforcement, PERKINS' co-worker told
PERKINS that he/she had changed his/her mind and wanted to participate in the
scheme. PERKINS informed her co-worker that a scheme involving the inmate who
had been previously identified was no longer feasible. In February 2014, as part
of an undercover scenario, PERKINS' co-worker identified a second inmate as a
possible candidate for the bribe scheme. PERKINS agreed to participate and,
after extensive planning, on March 8, 2014, PERKINS and her co-worker traveled
to a commuter lot off of Exit 28 on Interstate 84 to pick up a partial bribe
payment of $5,000 in cash in a fast food bag that, as PERKINS believed, was to
be dropped off by an acquaintance of the inmate.

PERKINS was arrested on March 14, 2014.

On April 27, 2015, PERKINS pleaded guilty to one count of acceptance of a bribe
by a public official. In pleading guilty, PERKINS specifically admitted that she
participated in the scheme and, in February 2014, agreed to accept a pair of
shoes or a Louis Vuitton pocketbook in return for counseling the employee
regarding the bribe scheme and failing to report the bribe scheme to prison
officials.

This matter was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Department of Justice Office of the Inspector General. The case was prosecuted
by Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Wines. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             725 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Business Line

                            January 24, 2014 Friday

Legal immunity to bribe-givers will increase reporting of corruption: ISB study

LENGTH: 275  words

DATELINE: Hyderabad


Hyderabad, Jan. 24 -- Legal immunity to bribe-givers will motivate greater
citizen reporting and decrease the official demand for bribe, according to a
study conducted by the Indian School of Business (ISB) jointly with Australian
and the US universities.


 "This would also increase whistle-blower protections through anonymous
reporting systems, including phone and through Web sites,'' Tarun Jain, an
Assistant Professor of Economics and Public Policy at ISB, told Business Line
here on Friday.
 Jain, along with experts from Monash University, Australia and Franklin &
Marshall College, USA conducted the study. The research paper containing the
study has been accepted for publication in the Journal of Public Economics.
 As part of the study, an experiment was conducted involving 480 students from
across disciplines in role-playing games as officials/bribe-givers.
 Out of this, 55 per cent paid a bribe for household services such as
electricity, water/phone connection, at bank, post office, insurance company,
transport office or school/college, while 63 per cent reported "If caught, both
the bribe-giver and taker are committing an illegal act."
 Another 22 per cent supported the statement: "Do you think that it is useful to
have a system where there is a way to get what you want even if you have to
bribe.''
 The study also suggested crowd-source complaints instead of relying on a single
citizen or complaint. Transfers and staff rotation for lower bureaucracy would
also be helpful, it added.
 When asked on the reliability of the method of study involving role-playing
games, Jain said the method was well-accepted in experimental economics.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 Tangerine Digital Entertainment Pvt. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             726 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            April 26, 2014 Saturday

Review: FICTION: Married to the bribe: Teju Cole's story of homecoming exposes
Nigerian corruption: Every Day Is for the Thief by Teju Cole 176pp, Faber,
£12.99

BYLINE: Helon Habila

SECTION: GUARDIAN REVIEW PAGES; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 757 words


Teju Cole's Every Day Is for the Thief opens as it means to go on, with a
jeremiad against the corruption and sense of hopelessness in which Nigerian
society wallows and which it seems incapable of escaping. The unnamed narrator
has to pay a bribe, right under a sign that says, "don't give bribes", as he
applies for a visa in the Nigerian consulate in New York. The bribe-givers know
they shouldn't give bribes, the bribe-takers know they shouldn't take them, but
both are helpless, it seems, against an almost metaphysical force that drives
them on this path, with no end in sight. At the embassy a man says over and
over, as if trying to convince himself, "This should be a time of joy. You know.
Going home should be a thing of joy."

The narrator is returning to Nigeria after 15 years of absence; he left, we find
out much later in the book, under a cloud, after his father's death, and after a
spat with his mother. He is studying psychiatry in New York; he also aspires to
be a writer. He is coming home to reconnect with the past, and to see if he
wants to stay. It is through this scout's-eye view, always prospecting for a
congenial and habitable environment, that the narrator appraises Lagos, and
makes his judgment; and it is understandable that often the judgment is harsh.
Every Day Is for the Thief was originally published before Cole's critically
successful Open City, and some of the narrative threads run through both books.
Indeed, Every Day appears to be a prequel to Open City - both narrators went to
the same military secondary school, both grew up in Lagos, both left for New
York after their father's death, both are studying medicine. Although it is not
stated anywhere by the publisher or the author, it is logical to assume the two
narrators are one person.

Unlike most narratives of return, in which the place returned to, now seen
through adult eyes, appears shrunken, here it appears larger. "The hallways of
the house are bigger than they used to be. The floor is broad and covered with
curiously soft white tiles. It is as though I have shrunk in the years since I
was last here . . ."

Lagos, and the rest of the country, have also changed. Nigeria is now a
democracy, and is more open; the Chinese, the Germans, the Indians, the Lebanese
- they are all here, joining the scramble for oil dollars that is the source of
Nigeria's prosperity, and also the source of its corruption. And yet, the change
appears to be superficial. The traditional and the superstitious are always
there, side by side with the modern.

Teju Cole has a photographer's eye for detail. A goat on its knees reaching for
stunted grass, a determined struggle for survival, suddenly gives way to another
kind of struggle: local boys brazenly extorting money from the narrator's uncle
and aunt. Each chapter takes us to another setting, another institution - a
museum, a market, a bookstore - which the author then uses to examine the
general state of politics or art or religion in Nigeria.

Cole is searching for what he describes, using an image from Tomas Transtromer,
as a "spot of sun that moves over the house walls and slips over the unaware
forest of flickering faces . . . " Sometimes one wonders if the narrator is
looking hard enough, or in the right places. One wishes, sometimes, that the
storyteller would take a detour from the well-trodden middle-class avenues, the
museums and art centres, and shine his prospector's torchlight on the
backstreets and hovels and tenement houses written about elsewhere by Ben Okri
and Cyprian Ekwensi. Lagos is a city that stirs up ambitions not only in the
writer, but also in the reader. And one feels that this writer will be back with
more on this exhausting, but still unexhausted city.

The last chapter begins to take that detour, albeit belatedly. This is perhaps
the best section in the book, bringing us closer to the unspeakable mysteries
and magic of place. A colony of coffin makers work wood, while all around them
on the floor are the golden wood-shavings whose "bouffant" beauty almost
undermines the grimness of the fact that soon a body will be laid to rest in one
of those coffins. Here, for a moment, we are free of the book's too insistent
plaints about the shortcomings of the city and the country; we are presented
with its magic.

Helon Habila's Oil on Water is published by Penguin. To order Every Day Is for
the Thief for £10.39 with free UK p&p call Guardian book service on 0330 333
6846 or go to guardianbookshop.co.uk.

Captions:

Photographer's eye for detail . . . Cole

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             727 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 17, 1997, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Doing China Business

SECTION: Section A; Page 14; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 176 words



To the Editor:

Thomas L. Friedman (column, March 10) writes that in the short term, United
States businesses "can operate in China without adequate rule of law there, by
simply buying risk insurance or paying bribes."

Paying bribes to Chinese officials is risky business. Investors from the United
States should pay attention to the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Enacted in
1977 and amended in 1988, this Federal law imposes serious criminal and civil
penalties upon United States companies and individuals for paying bribes to
foreign officials for assistance in obtaining or retaining business. In
addition, corporate directors whose companies pay foreign bribes could face
personal liability in shareholder suits alleging a breach of fiduciary duty.

The bribery ban has made it more difficult for United States companies to
compete in places like China, where the legal framework is weak and where
foreign rivals readily line the pockets of dishonest officials.

BRADFORD TREBACH
Bronx, March 10, 1997

The writer is a lawyer.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                             728 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 20, 1984, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

BROTHEL OWNER TELLS JURY HE GAVE JUDGE $85,000

BYLINE: By WALLACE TURNER

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 623 words

DATELINE: RENO, March 19


Joseph Conforte, a brothel owner, convicted extortionist and tax evader,
testified today that on two occasions he had given Federal District Judge Harry
E. Claiborne a total of $85,000 in bribes.

The Chief Judge of the Federal District Court for Nevada is charged with taking
bribes from Mr. Conforte; with filing false tax returns for 1978, 1979 and 1980;
with obstructing justice, and with filing a false financial declaration to the
United States Government.

The defendant became a Federal District judge on Sept. 1, 1978 after being a
criminal defense lawyer practicing in Las Vegas.

He was indicted by a Federal grand jury Dec. 8. The indictment accuses him of
accepting $85,000 in bribes while a judge from Mr. Conforte, as well as of the
other crimes.

$30,000 in Cash


Mr. Conforte, who came to the witness stand here late today, is expected to be
the Government's chief witness in support of charges that Judge Claiborne
received bribes.

Mr. Conforte testified today that he gave the judge $30,000 in cash in Reno in
December 1978 to cure Mr. Conforte's problems with a Federal investigation of
vote fraud in Storey County, Nev., where Mr. Conforte operated the Mustang Ranch
Brothel.

Mr. Conforte, who was convicted in Reno Federal Court in 1977, received a
reduction of a five-year sentence to 15 months in return for testimony against
Judge Claiborne. The witness has been under the protection of the United States
Marshals Service since then.

In his testimony today, Mr. Conforte described a visit that he made to Mr.
Claiborne's apartment in Reno on the night of Dec. 12, 1978.

Messages Written on Pad


He said that as the two men talked in the kitchen, the judge pointed to the
ceiling in a way that indicated he suspected a concealed microphone. He said
Judge Claiborne then picked up a yellow legal pad and wrote on it: ''I need
$30,000. Don't worry about your case.''

Mr. Conforte said he wrote ''which case.'' He said the judge wrote ''the
subpoenas.''

At the time, prostitutes in Mr. Conforte's brothel were under subpoena in the
vote fraud investigation.

He said he wrote: ''I don't have it with me. I'll bring it tomorrow.'' He said
he then left, and the next day picked up $30,000 and returned to the judge's
apartment to pay it.

He also described paying $55,000 to the judge in a Portland hotel garage in
February 1979 to be used in a scheme to win a reversal of Mr. Conforte's
conviction on the tax violations.

He described how he took $50,000 from his inside jacket pockets and put the
money in Judge Claiborne's pockets. Then Mr. Conforte testified that he took
$5,000 ''from my left pants pocket'' and told him, ''Here's your expense
money.''

Testimony Ruled Out


After discussions in court this morning, Federal District Judge Walter E.
Hoffman, who is presiding, forbade the prosecutors, Steven A. Shaw, and William
Hendricks, from asking Mr. Conforte about his assertion that the brothel
operator provided the free services of prostitutes to Mr. Claiborne in the years
when they were friends.

Mr. Conforte's wife, Sally, now operates the brothel.

Judge Claiborne, in remarks to reporters, said that this assertion was a lie by
Mr. Conforte and that its disclosure in a Government motion was an attempt to
besmirch the judge's name.

However, Judge Hoffman ruled that the prosecution may bring out testimony on Mr.
Conforte's assertion that he passed political contributions to Nevada candidates
through Mr. Claiborne's hands in 1972, 1974 and 1976 before the latter became a
judge. Mr. Conforte did testify on that aspect of the case later today.

Earlier testimony in the trial, which began last week, involved the tax evasion
charges.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             729 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 30, 1980, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

2 REPRESENTATIVES LOSE PLEA ON BRIBERY CHARGE DISMISSAL

BYLINE: By JOHN T. McQUISTON, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 2, Column 5; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 344 words

DATELINE: OLD WESTBURY, L.I., Oct. 29


Judge George C. Pratt denied defense motions today for a dismissal of
Abscam-related bribery charges against Representatives John M. Murphy, Democrat
of Staten Island, and Frank Thompson Jr., Democrat of New Jersey.

However, at the pretrial hearing, Judge Pratt accepted a motion to sever Joseph
Silvestri, a New Jersey businessman, from the case.  Mr. Silvestri was scheduled
to go on trial Nov. 10 with the two Congressmen and a fourth defendant, Frank
Criden, a lawyer, before Judge Pratt, who has been presiding at Abscam trials in
Federal Court in Brooklyn.

No new trial date was set for Mr. Silvestri. Judge Pratt said jury selection for
the trial of the three remaining defendants would begin as scheduled on the
Monday after Election Day.

Mr. Murphy, who sat in the courtroom throughout this afternoon's pretrial
proceedings, said that the upcoming trial was ''certain to have a serious
effect'' on the outcome of Tuesday's election, when both he and Representative
Thompson are seeking re-election.

4 Accused of Taking Bribe

All four defendants are charged by the Federal Government with receiving or
sharing a $50,000 bribe to arrange favors for Arab businessmen, who were, in
fact, agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The agents used hidden
television cameras to record the alleged bribe-taking.

Attorneys representing Mr. Murphy and Mr. Thompson contended that the Government
had failed, in its list of particulars in support of the charges, to detail who
had received the alleged bribe, as well as when and where the alleged incident
occurred.

''This is the question that goes to the heart of the case,'' said Michael E.
Tigar, Mr. Murphy's attorney.  However, Thomas Puccio, the chief prosecutor in
the case, told the judge: ''I don't see the value of arguing this now.'' Judge
Pratt agreed, adding, ''That's a question of fact, and one that the jury will
have to resolve.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             730 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              June 21, 2010 Monday

In Afghanistan, a cop who hands out money, instead of taking bribes;
To highlight police corruption in Afghanistan, a US filmmaker set up a fake
police checkpoint in Kabul, dressed as an Afghan policeman, and stopped cars.
But he didn't take bribes from drivers. Instead, he handed out money.

BYLINE: Dion Nissenbaum McClatchy Newspapers

LENGTH: 1016 words


On the hidden-camera video, it looks like any other Kabul police checkpoint
where motorists are asked for small bribes.

A tall, scraggly bearded officer stops a battered station wagon, looks through
the trunk, and checks the driver's papers.

Then the uniformed officer leans into the car window with an unexpected offer.

"On behalf of the city of Kabul and the Kabul police, if you have paid a bribe
or 'tip' to someone in the past, I apologize," the officer says in Dari to the
disbelieving driver. "Please take 100 Afghanis," about $2.

On a warm afternoon in summer 2009, Kabul-based artist Aman Mojadidi flagged
down dozens of cars at a fake checkpoint to hand a little reverse "baksheesh" as
his coconspirators filmed the befuddled responses of drivers.

Mr. Mojadidi's aim was simple: He wanted to draw attention to the pervasive
misuse of power in Afghanistan and see how Afghan drivers would react when he
apologized on behalf of a widely scorned police force.

"To see the abuse of power it can be as easy as putting on a uniform," said
Mojadidi, a 39-year-old Jacksonville, Fla., native who recently transformed the
footage into a short film called "Payback."

Checkpoints are the most visible reminder to Afghans that the nation is infused
with corruption. And the US is investing billions of dollars into rapidly
training a new police force that's supposed to shed its image of a state-backed
gang of roadside robbers.

"Police are the first thing that people see, touch, and feel that gives them
either confidence or a lack of confidence in their government," said US Army Lt.
Gen. William B. Caldwell, who heads up the NATO police and Army training mission
in Afghanistan.

The task is especially daunting.

Entry-level police officers earn about $165 a month. Most don't make much more
unless they work in the most dangerous parts of Afghanistan.

The low pay means that police officers, especially those at checkpoints, often
try to pad their pay by demanding that drivers pay them "tea money" or
"baksheesh."

For that reason, Afghan drivers often approach police checkpoints with a sense
of dismay, and convincing low-paid police officers to abandon a longstanding
practice isn't an easy task.

"The corruption that people are dealing with at checkpoints and in everyday life
is what you need to focus on," said Mojadidi, who's a nephew of Sibghatullah
Mojaddedi, the former president who now serves as the leader of Afghanistan's
upper house of parliament.

Mojadidi set out last year to find out how easy it would be to transform himself
into a police officer after seeing Taliban insurgents disguised as policemen
stage a series of brazen attacks in the Afghan capital.

It is against the law to sell police and Army uniforms in Afghanistan's open
markets.

Last spring, however, Mojadidi and "Payback" director Walied Osman went to
Kabul's central market where they bought four uniforms, complete with pins,
police patches, and boots, for about $125.

"The sale of military uniforms, including police uniforms, is absolutely
forbidden," Interior Ministry spokesman Zemeri Bashary recently told McClatchy.
"If criminals, terrorists, and bad guys can use these uniforms it is an act
against the nation of Afghanistan."

Mr. Bashary appeared unaware of the warren of shops where military uniforms are
openly sold.

"There are shops that sell some key things, like ammunition vests and simple
hats, but not uniforms," Bashary said. "The sale of military uniforms is
absolutely barred from being sold in open markets and bazaars."

However, the market where Mojadidi and Mr. Osman bought the uniforms is still
bustling.

The one-room shops are filled with police hats, military patches, camouflage
pants, Army boots, and tailors ready to custom-fit full uniforms for customers.

On a recent afternoon, McClatchy reporters easily purchased an Afghan police
uniform, complete with police patches and pins, for about $13.

Uniformed police officers and soldiers strolled through the markets buying
belts, boots, shoulder insignias, and uniforms.

"If anybody can go buy a police uniform in a bazaar, then anyone can go buy a
police uniform in Kabul - and the implications are really heavy," Mojadidi said.

After buying the uniforms for his faux checkpoint last summer, Mojadidi went to
the local police station to seek permission for a project he described only in
vague terms.

Remarkably, the police not only gave him the OK, they sent a police officer out
to keep an eye on things.

The police officer looked on as Mojadidi and the conspirators used boulders and
traffic signs to set up their fake checkpoint on a stretch of road between two
real police roadblocks.

The officer watched as Mojadidi, in his illegally purchased police uniform,
flagged down car after car.

With his untucked, wrinkled police shirt and silver thumb ring, Mojadidi didn't
quite look the part. Nevertheless, drivers acquiesced as Mojadidi checked their
papers and car trunks before reaching into his pocket and pulling out some cash.

Mojadidi often had to explain the offer twice to disbelieving drivers. Most
eventually took the bill and rumbled away with amused grins on their faces.

A couple of the men emphatically turned down the offer.

"You don't bother anyone," one driver told Mojadidi. "I should be apologizing to
you."

When it was all over, 16 of 20 drivers had taken the cash, and Mojadidi had 400
Afghan dollars left - about $8.

As they were packing up, Mojadidi said, the real police officer made an
unrepentant request for a little "baksheesh" of his own.

"So, you gave all those drivers something, but I was out here with you and I
haven't gotten anything," Mojadidi said the officer complained.

Mojadidi said he gave the police officer the remaining 400 Afghan dollars - more
than one day's pay for the normal cop on the street.

MORE FROM MCCLATCHY

McChrystal: Kandahar operation will happen more slowly

U.S. efforts in Kandahar, barely begun, already are faltering

RELATED ARTICLES:

Why some Afghanistan opium farmers turn from poppies to saffron

Interview with Afghan warlord Gulbuddin Hekmatyar: Can peace talks succeed?

Afghanistan news coverage

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                             731 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Two Forsyth City Councilmen Sentenced for Accepting Bribes

LENGTH: 635  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Michael J. Moore, United States Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia,
announces that two former councilmen of the city of Forsyth, Georgia, James
Edward Calloway and Desi Surtane Hansford, were sentenced by the Honorable Marc
T. Treadwell in United States District Court in Macon, Georgia, today for
accepting bribes in connection with the performance of their official duties.

The defendants entered guilty pleas on September 3, 2013. Facts stipulated in
the written plea agreements of the two men show the following:

Mr. Calloway had been a councilman for 22 years and Mr. Hansford for five. Both
served on the Combined Utilities Committee of the Council, which oversees
electric, water, sewer, and telecommunications for the city of Forsyth.

On December 27, 2012, Mr. Calloway solicited a bribe from a water and waste
treatment company of $20,000 to guarantee the votes to give it the water waste
contract for the City. That company immediately notified the Federal Bureau of
Investigation (FBI) of the solicitation and cooperated fully and actively with
that agency throughout the investigation, which revealed that at least in part
Mr. Calloway's motive in soliciting the payment was to help Councilman Hansford
rescue his home from foreclosure.

A representative of the water and waste treatment company, cooperating with the
FBI, met with the two councilmen on January 18,2013, at a truck stop off I-75 in
Jackson, Georgia, and paid them $10,000 in currency provided by the FBI while
secretly recording the meeting per FBI instructions. Mr. Calloway assured the
company representative that the company would recover the amount of the bribe
through a future project on which the company would be employed. Following this
meeting and payment, Mr. Calloway and Mr. Hansford split the money equally.

A second $10,000 payment was delivered to Mr. Calloway one week later, January
25, 2013, under similar circumstances to the first, after which he was
immediately arrested and subsequently confessed. He also admitted receiving four
Atlanta Falcons playoff tickets from the company, which he and Mr. Hansford
shared.

Mr. Calloway then cooperated with the government and participated in paying an
additional $5000 (half the second $10,000 payment) to Mr. Hansford, who was then
also arrested.

Mr. Calloway was sentenced to serve 24 months in prison. He was also ordered to
pay a $7,500 fine.

Mr. Hansford received a sentence of 18 months in prison. He was also ordered to
pay restitution in the amount of $3000.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The case was
prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney Sonja Profit.

"When people entrust elected officials with public office, they have a right to
expect that those positions of authority will be used for the public good, not
for personal gain. By prosecuting these offenses, I hope that we remind other
public officials that they are not above the law and that we restore the
public's confidence in the many government officials who choose to serve so that
they can truly make a positive impact," said United States Attorney Michael J.
Moore. Ricky Maxwell, Acting Special Agent in Charge, FBI, Atlanta Field Office,
stated, "While most individuals, elected or otherwise, who choose to serve the
public do so admirably and honorably, the need to be vigilant for corrupt or
criminal activity remains. The FBI continues to carry its Public Corruption
Program as its number one criminal investigative priority due to the vast
potential for harm that exists. We ask that anyone with information regarding
public corruption related matters please contact their nearest FBI field
office."

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             732 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Star (South Africa)

                            November 15, 2010 Monday
                                   S4 Edition

Females in fancy cars bribe targets

BYLINE:  ANGELIQUE SERRAO

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 514 words


IF YOU TRAVEL in the northern suburbs, drive a fancy car and are a woman driving
on her own, there is a greater chance that you will be stopped by a metro cop
looking for a bribe.

These were some of the findings of a LeadSA poll, which asked motorists to SMS
or participate in an online poll if they had bribed a metro cop in the past
three months.

Readers of The Star, Pretoria News, Daily News and Cape Argus and listeners to
94.7, Talk Radio 702, Cape Talk and KFM responded promptly to the calls, and
many gave detailed information about the bribe.

In total, 2 474 people admitted to paying a bribe.

Joburg was the worst area, with 1 889 people admitting to paying bribes,
followed by Ekurhuleni with 387 and Tshwane at 121. In contrast, only nine
people in Cape Town admitted to paying a bribe.

The poll showed that people in the northern suburbs were targeted the most, with
women alone in flashy cars being most frequently targeted during the day and
drunk drivers most commonly paying bribes after dark.

There were also reports of people not wishing to pay bribes, but being forced to
when threatened by aggressive officers.

"I didn't want to bribe the cops, I had to or they were gonna lock me up. In the
CBD, in JHB. I was lost and alone. Very scared," one motorist texted.

"Had to bribe a metro cop. They were threatening to arrest my husband as he was
over the drinking limit. We eventually gave the cop R150, as it was all we had
on usâ[#x20ac]¦ It was very upsetting and I hated bribing him, but I was not
going to allow my husband to sit in a cell all weekend," another SMS said.

The worst-hit areas appear to be on William Nicol in Bryanston, and Fourways
near Montecasino, where 209 bribes were solicited, followed by the Witkoppen,
Sunninghill and Wood- mead areas with 106 bribes. Randburg along Malibongwe had
77 bribes, Rivonia 65 and Rosebank 58.

Soweto, Alberton, Lenasia, the West Rand and the southern suburbs don't appear
to be targeted as routinely.

In Ekurhuleni, OR Tambo International Airport appeared to be a hotspot.

One person said their company had paid out about R30 000 in bribes in just a few
months.

Some of the cases were more serious."My brother paid a Honeydew policeman R2 500
to 'lose' his case file after he caused a serious car accident due to being
drunk," one participant admitted.

One woman said she was arrested, then denied her medication and the use of a
phone. She was told she would go free if she went on a "date" with the officer.

LeadSA's Yusuf Abramjee said the survey was undertaken to get an idea of the
extent of corruption by traffic officers. He said the information had been
handed over to the Joburg, Tshwane and Ekurhuleni metro police departments.

He said the public needed to do their bit and stop paying bribes.

"There is no justification to bribe a cop. From the reports, it appears
motorists are often threatened with arrest if they don't pay up. But please
don't bribe them. Take the fine or let them arrest you," Abramjee said.

LeadSA is calling on people to report the police officer immediately if he or
she solicits a bribe.

See Page 3

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SW


                 Copyright 2010 Independent News and Media Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             733 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             June 22, 2004 Tuesday

Man Pleads Guilty to Paying Fixer To Bribe Judge

BYLINE: By DAVID HAFETZ, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 500 words


A Brooklyn man pleaded guilty yesterday to paying $10,000 to a fixer he thought
would bribe a state Supreme Court judge who is at the center of an alleged web
of judicial corruption.

The guilty plea does not give Brooklyn District Attorney Charles Hynes direct
evidence of money being passed to Judge Gerald Garson.

But prosecutors say the plea supports their contention that the suspended judge,
who faces charges that include felony bribe receiving, was surrounded by a swirl
of illicit activity and dealt with unsavory figures who offered to sell access
to the judge in return for favorable treatment.

Avraham Levi, a 49-year-old Brooklyn businessman, pleaded guilt to a felony
conspiracy charge that stems from a plan he hatched with the fixer in late 2002
to influence Mr. Levi's pending divorce and child custody case before Mr.
Garson.

Mr. Levi said he gave $10,000 to Nissim Elmann, a Brooklyn electronics dealer
who planned to pay off the judge in order to get a favorable ruling. Mr. Levi
said he subsequently told his lawyer, Paul Siminovsky, not to settle the divorce
and custody case so it would go to trial.

Mr. Levi is required to testify against Mr. Elmann as part of a plea agreement
that will give him a maximum sentence of six months in jail. Mr. Elmann is
charged with felony bribery and bribe receiving.

Prosecutors said Mr. Levi also could testify against Mr. Garson about his plan
to bribe the judge. Michael Vecchione, chief of the rackets division for the
district attorney's office, said Mr. Levi "ultimately can provide significant
evidence" against Mr. Garson.

A lawyer for Mr. Garson said Mr. Levi's plea deal does not hurt his client. The
lawyer, Ronald Fischetti, said there is no evidence Mr. Elmann passed money to
Mr. Garson.

"This is a conspiracy between Elmann and Siminovsky to rip off clients," Mr.
Fischetti said. "We know and the DA knows that Judge Garson was not in any
bribery scheme to fix cases."

Mr. Garson is accused of accepting meals, cash, and an expensive box of cigars
from Mr. Siminovsky, who had cases before the judge.

He is not charged with taking money to fix a specific case. If convicted of the
bribe receiving charge, he faces up to seven years in prison.

While he was under investigation, Mr. Garson allegedly told prosecutors
judgeships in Brooklyn could be bought from Brooklyn Democratic leaders.

Mr. Levi is the third low-level defendant to enter a guilty plea in the case
against Mr. Garson.

In a similar development in February, a Brooklyn rabbi and his daughter pleaded
guilty to a misdemeanor conspiracy charge after admitting that they paid $5,000
to Mr. Elmann to influence a custody case before Mr. Garson.

Both said they did not know if the judge received any money. Each was sentenced
to community service and probation.

Mr. Levi will be sentenced after he testifies at Mr. Elmann's trial, which is
set for August. Without his plea agreement, Mr. Levi had faced up to four years
in jail. Under the agreement, he could get off with probation.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             734 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 22, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Nine Defendants, Including Joseph Percoco, Former Executive Deputy
Secretary To The Governor, And Alain Kaloyeros, President Of Suny Polytechnic
Institute, Charged With Federal Corruption And Fraud Offenses

LENGTH: 2405  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, Adam Cohen, Special Agent-in-Charge of the Buffalo Field Office of the
Federal Bureau of Investigation ("FBI"), and Shantelle P. Kitchen, the Special
Agent in Charge of the New York Field Office of the Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation ("IRS-CI"), announced today the unsealing of a Complaint
charging eight defendants with federal public corruption offenses, including
JOSEPH PERCOCO, the former Executive Deputy Secretary to the Governor of the
State of New York, and ALAIN KALOYEROS, the President of SUNY Polytechnic
Institute ("SUNY Poly").  The charges arise from two separate but overlapping
schemes involving bribery, corruption, and fraud in the award of hundreds of
millions of dollars in New York State contracts and other official state
actions.



 In the first scheme, PERCOCO is charged with soliciting and accepting more than
$315,000 in bribes in return for taking official state action to benefit an
energy company (the "Energy Company") and a Syracuse-based real estate developer
(the "Syracuse Developer").  As part of this scheme, PETER GALBRAITH KELLY JR.,
an executive at the Energy Company, and STEVEN AIELLO and JOSEPH GERARDI,
executives at the Syracuse Developer, are charged with orchestrating the payment
of bribes to PERCOCO.

 In the second scheme, AIELLO and GERARDI, along with LOUIS CIMINELLI, MICHAEL
LAIPPLE, and KEVIN SCHULER, who are executives at a Buffalo-based development
company (the "Buffalo Developer"), are charged with paying hundreds of thousands
of dollars in bribes to TODD HOWE, a consultant hired by KALOYEROS to help
administer the state's "Buffalo Billion" initiative and related programs.  As
the charges allege, in exchange for the bribe payments, HOWE and KALOYEROS
secretly rigged the bids on lucrative state-funded contracts to ensure that the
Syracuse Developer and the Buffalo Developer would win the contracts.

 All eight defendants charged in the Complaint were arrested this morning.
PERCOCO, KELLY, and KALOYEROS are scheduled to be presented later today before
U.S. Magistrate Judge Sarah Netburn in Manhattan federal court.  AIELLO and
GERARDI are scheduled to appear later today in federal court in Syracuse.
CIMINELLI, LAIPPLE, and SCHULER are scheduled to appear later today in federal
court in Buffalo.

 Also unsealed today is the guilty plea of TODD HOWE in connection with his
participation in both corruption schemes described above.  HOWE pled guilty
pursuant to an Information before U.S. District Judge Richard M. Berman on
September 20, 2016, and is cooperating with the Government.

 U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "Today's charges shine a light on yet
another sordid side of the show-me-the money culture that has so plagued Albany.
As alleged, Joseph Percoco, the former Executive Deputy Secretary to the
Governor, was on the take.  And pervasive corruption and fraud allegedly
infected signature state development projects like the Buffalo Billion program.
The bids allegedly were rigged, the results preordained; companies got rich and
the public got bamboozled.  As alleged in the Complaint, it turns out the state
legislature does not have a monopoly on crass corruption in New York."

 FBI Special Agent-in-Charge Adam Cohen said:  "These arrests speak volumes to
those who, as alleged in the complaint, arrogantly took what was not theirs and
who acted without morals and ignored ethics.  Each of them allegedly broke the
law because they chose greed, and, as a result, personally tarnished an historic
opportunity.  Their alleged behavior compromised the integrity of government and
impeded the promise of liberty.  We cannot say it often enough: It is the
expectation of the public that government officials are not in their positions
to self-deal or to serve their personal interests."

 IRS-CI SAC Shantelle P. Kitchen said:  "The honest taxpayer's confidence in the
tax system depends on everyone paying their fair share, regardless of their
occupation, wealth or prominence - or their public office or public position.
IRS Criminal Investigation takes allegations of public corruption by public
officials and public employees very seriously, and we are always ready to
contribute to an investigation when the allegation has a financial component."

 According to the allegations contained in the Complaint[1] unsealed today in
Manhattan federal court:

 The PERCOCO Bribery Scheme

 In the first scheme alleged in the Complaint, PERCOCO, who served as the
Executive Deputy Secretary to the Governor between January 2012 and mid-2014,
and again in 2015, is charged with abusing his official position and extensive
influence within the Executive Branch of New York State (the "State") by seeking
and accepting bribe payments from executives at companies that were seeking
benefits and business from the State, in exchange for PERCOCO's use of his
official authority and influence to benefit those companies.

 PERCOCO solicited the bribe payments from two clients of HOWE -the Energy
Company and the Syracuse Developer - both of which had retained HOWE as a
consultant to help them obtain official State action.  In email correspondence
between HOWE and PERCOCO obtained through judicially-authorized search warrants,
PERCOCO and HOWE referred to the bribe payments as "ziti," a reference to a term
for money used by the characters in the television show "The Sopranos."

 Bribes from KELLY and the Energy Company

 The bribes paid to PERCOCO from the Energy Company were orchestrated by KELLY,
the head of external affairs and government relations for the Energy Company.
Kelly conspired with PERCOCO and HOWE to funnel more than $287,000 in bribe
payments from the Energy Company to PERCOCO and PERCOCO's wife in exchange for
PERCOCO's official assistance for the Energy Company on an as-needed basis.

 As alleged in the Complaint: (a) State action was critical to the Energy
Company's business; (b) starting as early as 2010, KELLY provided personal
benefits to PERCOCO, including expensive meals and a Hamptons fishing trip, in
an effort to cultivate access to PERCOCO; (c) in response to KELLY's requests
for official State assistance, PERCOCO, who was experiencing financial
difficulties at the time, requested that the Energy Company hire his
then-unemployed wife; (d) in or around the end of 2012, KELLY caused the Energy
Company to create a position for PERCOCO's wife that paid approximately $90,000
per year while requiring PERCOCO's wife to do little work.  In exchange for
these payments, PERCOCO agreed to use his official position and influence, and
did in fact use his official position and influence, to help the Energy Company
with specific State matters as the opportunities arose.  Among other things,
PERCOCO agreed to use his official position and influence to assist the Energy
Company's efforts to obtain (i) a valuable agreement from the State allowing the
Energy Company to buy lower-cost emissions credits in New York for a power plant
proposed to be built in New Jersey and (ii) a lucrative long-term power purchase
agreement (the "PPA") with the State guaranteeing a buyer for the power to be
produced at a power plant proposed to be built in New York, which was expected
to save the Energy Company approximately $100 million in development costs.

 The Energy Company's payments to PERCOCO's wife were concealed in various ways
to hide their true source.  KELLY ran the monthly payments to PERCOCO and his
wife through a consultant who worked for the Energy Company in order to disguise
the source of the payments.  KELLY also made sure that PERCOCO's wife's
photograph and full name were not included in promotional materials for the
Energy Company, and he falsely told his superiors at the Energy Company - on two
separate occasions - that PERCOCO had obtained an ethics opinion from the
Governor's Office approving of PERCOCO's wife's employment with the Energy
Company, when in fact no such opinion existed.  For his part, PERCOCO concealed
the criminal scheme by failing to include the Energy Company as the source of
payments on his State-mandated financial disclosure forms.

 Bribes from AIELLO, GERARDI, and the Syracuse Developer

 Beginning in early 2014, PERCOCO was also paid bribes totaling approximately
$35,000 from the Syracuse Developer.  These bribe payments were orchestrated by
AIELLO, the president of the Syracuse Developer, and GERARDI, its general
counsel.  AIELLO and GERARDI arranged for the payment of these bribes in
exchange for PERCOCO's official assistance for the Syracuse Developer on an
as-needed basis.

 Specifically, PERCOCO agreed to, and did, take official action for the benefit
of the Syracuse Developer to (a) reverse an adverse decision by the Empire State
Development Corporation ("ESD"), which is the State's main economic development
agency, that would have required the Syracuse Developer to enter into a costly
labor peace agreement, (b) free up a backlog of more than $14 million in State
funds that had already been awarded to the Syracuse Developer but were delayed
in payment, and (c) secure a substantial pay raise for AIELLO's son, who worked
in the Executive Chamber.

 To disguise the nature and source of the bribe payments, the Syracuse
Developer's bribes to PERCOCO were funneled through bank accounts and a shell
company set up by HOWE.

 The "Buffalo Billion" Fraud and Bribery Scheme

 The second scheme alleged in the Complaint involves bribery, corruption, and
fraud in the award of contracts under the "Buffalo Billion" initiative and
similar programs.  In that scheme, executives at two companies, one of which was
the Syracuse Developer, conspired with KALOYEROS and HOWE to deceive Fort
Schuyler Management Corporation ("Fort Schuyler"), a State-funded entity charged
with awarding State contracts worth hundreds of millions of dollars, by secretly
rigging the bidding process so that the contracts would be awarded to those two
companies.

 KALOYEROS, who oversaw the application process for many of the State grants
awarded under the Buffalo Billion and similar programs, retained HOWE to assist
with developing the projects and identifying developers for those projects.
HOWE in turn solicited and received bribe and gratuity payments from (a) the
Syracuse Developer, facilitated by AIELLO and GERARDI, when the Syracuse
Developer was seeking State development grants for projects in Syracuse, New
York, and (b) the Buffalo Developer, facilitated by LOUIS CIMINELLI, MICHAEL
LAIPPLE, and KEVIN SCHULER, when the Buffalo Developer was seeking State
development grants for projects in Buffalo, New York.  In exchange for the bribe
payments, HOWE worked with KALOYEROS to deceive Fort Schuyler by secretly
tailoring the required qualifications for those development deals so that the
Syracuse Developer and the Buffalo Developer would be awarded the contracts, in
Syracuse and Buffalo respectively, without any meaningful competition, while
falsely representing to Fort Schuyler that the bidding process was fair, open,
and competitive.

 More specifically, in or about October 2013, Fort Schuyler issued requests for
proposals ("RFPs") to solicit bids from interested and qualified developers for
the Syracuse and Buffalo projects.  KALOYEROS, with HOWE's assistance, oversaw
the drafting of the RFPs and, unbeknownst to Fort Schuyler, KALOYEROS and HOWE
secretly solicited from AIELLO, GERARDI, CIMINELLI, LAIPPLE, and SCHULER
qualifications of the Syracuse Developer and Buffalo Developer to put in the
RFPs so that the RFPs would request qualifications specifically held by those
companies.  For example, the Syracuse RFP requested the use of specific project
management software used by the Syracuse Developer.  After HOWE emailed GERARDI
and AIELLO a draft of the Syracuse RFP approximately two weeks before its public
issuance, GERARDI sent back to HOWE and AIELLO a handwritten mark-up of the
draft RFP, on which GERARDI had, among other things, underlined the software
names and wrote "too telegraphed??  I would leave out these specific programs."
For its part, the Buffalo RFP, as initially issued, required 50 years of
experience by a local developer - a qualification touted by the Buffalo
Developer in promotion materials provided to KALOYEROS.  This requirement was
later changed and claimed to be a "typographical error."  The Buffalo Developer
also was provided internal State documents to use in its submission.

 False Statements by Aiello and Gerardi

 On or about June 21, 2016, AIELLO and GERARDI were voluntarily interviewed by
law enforcement agents conducting the investigation in this case.  As alleged in
the Complaint, both AIELLO and GERARDI made false statements during their
respective interviews.  Specifically, they both denied (i) hiring or making
payments to PERCOCO and (ii) being asked by HOWE to make any campaign
contributions to the Governor.  GERARDI further claimed that his handwritten
edits and suggestions on the early nonpublic draft of the RFP were intended not
to help the Syracuse Developer win the RFP, but to ensure that a broader, more
open RFP was created so more companies could compete to be SUNY Poly's preferred
developer in Syracuse.  As alleged in the Complaint, those statements were
false.

 A chart containing the names, ages, residences, charges, and maximum penalties
for the defendants is attached.  The maximum potential sentences in this case
are prescribed by Congress and are provided here for informational purposes
only, as any sentencing of the defendants will be determined by a judge.

 U.S. Attorney Bharara praised the work of the FBI and Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation, which jointly conducted this investigation with
investigators from the U.S. Attorney's Office.  Mr. Bharara also recognized the
New York State Attorney General's Office, which This case is being prosecuted by
the Office's Public Corruption Unit.  Assistant U.S. Attorneys Janis Echenberg,
Robert Boone, David Zhou, and Matthew Podolsky are in charge of the prosecution.


 The charges contained in the Complaint are merely accusations, and the
defendants are presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             735 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            January 11, 2011 Tuesday

Lawyer seeks delay in ex-JaxPort head's case;
The government's top witness has bribing history, attorney says.

BYLINE: PAUL PINKHAM

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 540 words


A week before former Jacksonville Port Authority Chairman Tony Nelson's
scheduled bribery trial, his lawyer says the government's top witness himself
has a history of paying bribes elsewhere in Florida.

Lance Young, owner of a dredging company that did port business, pleaded guilty
in October to one count of conspiring with Nelson and a South Florida lobbyist
to commit bribery, money laundering and mail fraud.

But Nelson's attorney, Curtis Fallgatter, said federal prosecutors told him
Friday that Young previously was "shaken down" and made payments to an unnamed
official in a South Florida city.

Fallgatter said he needs time to investigate the matter and asked U.S. District
Judge Timothy Corrigan to postpone the Jan. 18 trial.

Nelson was indicted last year on charges of bribery, money laundering, mail
fraud and lying to the FBI. Prosecutors say he took $102,000 in bribes from
Young in 2006 and 2007 to help him win port business, but Fallgatter contends
Nelson received lobbying fees that were permissible.

Fallgatter said in his motion to continue the case that a prosecutor told him in
a letter Dec. 1 that Young mentioned being shaken down in the past and that the
prosecutor thought it happened in Miami. Fallgatter said he made repeated
inquiries about the matter and was told via e-mail Friday afternoon that Young
worked on a dredging project related to a FEMA contract after some hurricanes,
and a city official "shook Mr. Young down for extortion payments.

"Young made a series of payments to the official," the prosecutor is quoted in
Fallgatter's motion. "... I have no idea how much was paid, how many payments or
anything else to do with the South Florida incident."

Young's lawyer declined to comment. Young, 46, of Windermere, hasn't been
charged in South Florida.

Fallgatter said the information is important to his defense because he can use
it to contrast a real bribe with what he calls a "sham bribe."

"The relevance of this bribe information lies not simply in impeachment of Young
... but it goes to the very heart of the government's [case]," Fallgatter said.

In the same motion, Fallgatter requested the grand jury testimony of former port
Deputy Executive Director Ron Baker, who was cleared by prosecutors of
wrongdoing. Fallgatter said prosecutors were correct in determining Baker wasn't
prosecutable but said he should be able to use that information to exonerate
Nelson because Nelson was involved in the same activities.

"Mr. Baker has testified, in substance, that he was aware of no wrongdoing by
Mr. Nelson," Fallgatter said he has been led to believe.

Fallgatter also asked Corrigan to limit testimony from Jacksonville General
Counsel Cindy Laquidara, partially on grounds that her conversations with Nelson
were covered by attorney-client privilege. According to the motion, Laquidara is
scheduled to testify for prosecutors that Nelson didn't disclose certain
financial relationships he had with Young's company, Orlando-based Subaqueous
Services, when Nelson sought her legal advice in 2007.

And Fallgatter asked Corrigan to exclude testimony about Nelson's gambling
habits, saying they have nothing to do with the charges and would serve only to
embarrass him.

paul.pinkham@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4107

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                             736 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            October 26, 2004 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Fisher handed bribe, perjury, tax charges

BYLINE: Nolan Clay and Randy Ellis, Staff Writers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 713 words


Former state Insurance Commissioner Carroll Fisher has been indicted again --
this time on felony charges of accepting bribes, filing a false state tax return
and perjury.

Fisher "corruptly received money, gifts and gratuities" from Texas businessman
Gene E. Phillips, his family and business associates, state grand jurors
alleged.

Fisher accepted some bribes even before he took his oath of office after first
being elected in November 1998, grand jurors found.

"It's a pattern of behavior," said prosecutor Joel-lyn McCormick, an assistant
attorney general.

The two newest grand jury indictments against Fisher were issued last week and
made public Monday. Fisher again pleaded not guilty.

He already faces three earlier charges as a result of the multicounty grand
jury's probe.

"What we've seen in the past and what we see today ... is a continuing pattern
of public corruption," McCormick said. "I would submit to you that accepting a
bribe is probably public corruption in its most glaring form."

Opal Ellis, Fisher's former special assistant, also appears to have been
indicted again by the grand jury. Her attorney, John Coyle, said he has been
contacted by prosecutors about making Ellis available for a court appearance.

Fisher, 64, resigned Sept. 24 rather than face an ouster trial in the state
Senate. He was insurance commissioner almost six years.

Grand jurors alleged the bribes included $25,000 in campaign contributions, a
$25,000 check from Davister Corp. and about $20,000 in custom-made office
furniture.

Also, Fisher's wife, Karen, a real estate agent, got a secret $122,250
commission -- twice as much as other agents -- for her role in the 2001 sale of
an apartment complex in Tulsa owned by Phillips, the grand jury alleged.

"In exchange ... Fisher granted preferential treatment to ... Phillips, his
family and business associates, all such acts being committed contrary to" state
law, the grand jury alleged.

Specifically, Fisher in September 1999 personally approved the sale of Tulsa's
American Reserve Life Insurance Co. to a Phillips-related company, grand jurors
found. Fisher "ruled against the recommendations and advice of Insurance
Department staff" in approving the sale.

Fisher later personally approved two other regulatory requests from Phillips,
the grand jury found. The three instances were the only times Fisher did not use
independent hearing examiners who traditionally preside over such requests.

Phillips has not been charged, but prosecutors said the investigation is
ongoing. Grand jurors are set to meet again Nov. 15.

Fisher's attorney, Robert L. Wyatt IV, said, "The grand jury only hears one side
of the story. At the appropriate time, we'll get our opportunity to tell our
story in front of a jury of 12 people who will hear both sides."

Phillips' attorney, Stephen Jones, sharply criticized the bribery indictment.

"It's reckless, it's not true and there's no evidence to support it," said
Jones, of Enid. "It will fall flat on its face -- to the embarrassment of
(Attorney General) Drew Edmondson. ... Clearly, no experienced lawyer reviewed
the evidence in this case."

Jones said grand jurors have their facts wrong or distorted throughout the
indictment.

Jones also said Fisher's acceptance of furniture is "no different than" former
Gov. Frank Keating's request of Phillips for help refurbishing the governor's
mansion.

Phillips gave $50,000 for the renovation and "got a nice thank-you letter from
Cathy Keating," Jones said.

In the other new indictment, Fisher is accused of filing a false 1999 state tax
return and of committing perjury when he declared the return was "true, correct
and complete."

Specifically, Fisher failed to report $83,533 in adjusted gross income, grand
jurors found.

He should have reported $195,826 in Oklahoma adjusted gross income, according to
the indictment. Instead, he reported only $112,293 in adjusted gross income.

Fisher should have paid $4,688 more in state income tax, grand jurors alleged.

Fisher, a Tulsa Democrat, was charged earlier with operating a charity
illegally, embezzling continuing education funds and embezzling a $1,000
campaign contribution.

His special assistant, Ellis, was fired Oct. 15. Ellis, 70, is recovering from
foot surgery, her attorney said.

Ellis also already faces embezzlement charges as a result of the grand jury's
probe.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former Insurance Commissioner Carroll Fisher was back in Oklahoma
County District Court on Monday for the unsealing of his latest indictments. -
BY PAUL B. SOUTHERLAND, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             737 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 31, 2006 Friday
                                 First Edition

Six-year prison term, but lobbyist goes free

BYLINE: Mark Coultan Herald Correspondent in New York

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 507 words


FORSAKING his trademark fedora for a baseball cap, the lobbyist Jack Abramoff
walked out of a Florida courtroom, despite having just been sentenced to nearly
six years' jail for conspiracy and fraud.

The one-time King of K Street, Washington's lobbying centre, left the court with
his wife on his arm, after being allowed to stay free for the next few months
because of his co-operation with an investigation into claims that he had tried
to bribe public officials, including Republican legislators.

Abramoff told the court: "I am much chastened and profoundly remorseful. I can
only hope that the Almighty and those whom I have wronged will forgive me my
trespasses."

Walking free was not the only leniency granted Abramoff. His sentence of five
years and 10 months was the minimum permitted under sentencing guidelines. His
co-conspirator Adam Kidan also received the minimum. However, they were ordered
to pay restitution of $US21.7 million ($30.5 million).

Both admitted forging a $US23 million wire transfer to make it seem they had
committed a large chunk of their own money to the $US147.5 million purchase of
the SunCruz Casinos fleet of gambling boats in 2000. Based on the forgery,
lenders contributed $US60 million in financing.

Part of their sentencing deal is to co-operate with an investigation into the
murder of the man from whom they bought the casinos, Konstantinos "Gus" Boulis.
They have denied any involvement in the murder, for which three men, including
one with connections to the New York Mafia, have been charged.

Abramoff faces between nine and 11 years' jail on separate charges in Washington
of fraud, tax evasion and conspiracy to bribe public officials.

His sentence could be reduced, and served concurrently with the Miami sentence,
for his continuing co-operation with an investigation into his attempts to bribe
congressmen.

Although no politicians have been charged, Robert Ney, an Ohio Republican and
former chairman of the House of Representatives administration committee, has
been identified as someone referred to in court documents as receiving bribes
from Abramoff. Mr Ney denies any wrongdoing.

Abramoff has also been closely identified with Tom DeLay, the former majority
leader in the House, who once described Abramoff as "one of my closest and
dearest friends".

A former press secretary to Mr DeLay, Michael Scanlon, has pleaded guilty to
conspiring to bribe public officials, and is co-operating in the Abramoff case.

While most congressmen have tried to distance themselves from Abramoff,
returning campaign contributions from him and his clients, one - Dana
Rohrabacher, a Californian Republican - stood by him in the Miami case.

Hours after the sentencing, senators voted to ban themselves from accepting
meals or gifts from lobbyists, to increase exposure of contacts with lobbyists,
and to double the time before former politicians can become lobbyists. They also
voted to end a practice in which one senator can secretly delay bills. Such
delays will now have to be publicly disclosed within three days.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jack Abramoff ... he faces between nine and 11 years' jailon
other charges.Photo: AFP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2006 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             738 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 2, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

City Sewer Inspector Admits Taking Bribes

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1; Page 42, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 178 words


United Press International

A New York City sewer inspector who was arrested in an undercover sting
operation has pleaded guilty to accepting more than $1,000 in bribes,
authorities said.

The inspector, Lawrence O'Mara, 55 years old, of Hicksville, L.I., pleaded
guilty in Federal District Court in Manhattan, becoming the first person
arrested in the operation to be convicted, Federal authorities said Friday.

He faces a maximum of 35 years in jail and a $13,000 fine when he is sentenced
Nov. 16.

Mr. O'Mara was one of 10 inspectors with the city Department of Environmental
Protection who were arrested for taking bribes from plumbing contractors. He had
worked for the department for more than 20 years. Four of the inspectors were
with the Bureau of Sewers and six were with the Bureau of Water Supply.

Paul Summit, an assistant United States attorney, said Mr. O'Mara had taken
bribes to expedite certificates of approval for the last five years, including
$1,000 in the last year from a plumbing company that was cooperating with
authorities.




LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             739 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday

Baltimore City Landfill Employee Sentenced to Federal Prison for Soliciting and
Accepting Bribes from Trash Haulers

LENGTH: 1011  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, District of Maryland has
issued the following news release:



  Maryland - U.S. District Judge Marvin J. Garbis sentenced former Baltimore
City Department of Public Works (DPW) employee Tamara Oliver Washington, age 56,
of Baltimore, today to 18 months in federal prison, followed by three years of
supervised release, for conspiracy and solicitation of bribes.  The charges
stemmed from a 14 year scheme in which Washington and other DPW employees sought
and accepted cash payments from commercial trash haulers in return for allowing
the commercial haulers to deposit trash at the Quarantine Road Landfill
(Landfill) without paying the required disposal fees.  Judge Garbis also entered
an order requiring Washington to pay restitution of $6 million.





 The sentence was announced by United States Attorney for the District of
Maryland Rod J. Rosenstein; Special Agent in Charge Kevin Perkins of the Federal
Bureau of Investigation; Robert H. Pearre, Jr., Inspector General, City of
Baltimore Office of Inspector General; Special Agent in Charge Thomas Jankowski
of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation, Washington, D.C. Field
Office; and Colonel William M. Pallozzi, Superintendent of the Maryland State
Police.



 The DPW's Bureau of Solid Waste is responsible for managing Baltimore City's
waste management services, including overseeing citizen drop-off centers, such
as the Northwest Transfer Station (NWTS) and the Landfill.  The waste management
system generates revenue for the City by collecting and selling recyclable scrap
metal dumped at the City's trash collection facilities.  Baltimore contracts
with private salvage companies to purchase and remove scrap metal from its trash
collection facilities. DPW employees at the Landfill and NWTS are required to
place the recyclable scrap metal in separate bins provided by the salvage
companies.  The salvage companies regularly pick up the scrap metal and, based
on predetermined prices per ton, the salvage companies pay the City for the
value of the scrap metal.



 Baltimore residents can deposit small amounts of trash and/or recyclables in
dumpsters located near the main entrance of the Landfill, free of charge.
Individuals or companies commercially hauling trash that have registered their
vehicles with the City and obtained Landfill permits, as well as Baltimore
residents with larger loads, must deposit their trash in an open area located
further within the Landfill.  Commercial haulers of trash that meet certain
vehicle weight limitations must, in addition to purchasing a Landfill permit,
pay a waste disposal fee of $67.50 per ton of trash deposited at the Landfill.



 According to her plea agreement, Washington was a DPW employee assigned to the
scale house at the Landfill.  DPW employees assigned as scale house operators
weigh each truck as it enters the Landfill, which is recorded on a computerized
point-of-sale system.  To activate the system and record a particular
transaction, DPW employees must enter the tag number of the truck and a
corresponding billing code.  The scale house operators reweigh each truck as it
leaves the Landfill.  The net weight of the deposited trash and the required
disposal fee is then calculated and printed on a receipt that is handed to the
driver.



 Beginning in 2001, about three months after getting hired as a scale house
operator at the Landfill, Washington started accepting bribe payments from small
haulers in lieu of charging them the full disposal fee for using the Landfill.
Beginning in 2002, about one year after being hired, Washington started
accepting bribe payments from large haulers of trash in lieu of charging them
the full disposal fee for using the Landfill.  Washington and other scale house
employees accepted $100 bribe payments from some haulers for each truckload of
trash dumped at the Landfill. Washington participated in the bribery scheme for
more than fourteen years, until her arrest in May 2015.



 Washington and others concealed the bribery scheme by not entering a truck's
registration number into the computerized scale system, which meant the
transaction was not recorded.  Consequently, the transaction would not appear on
the scale house's daily logs and the commercial hauler would not be billed for
using the Landfill on that particular occasion.  To maintain the pretense that
the trucks had been weighed and the disposal fee paid, Washington and others
would hand the truck drivers fake or blank receipts when they crossed the
outbound scale.  In return, the commercial haulers either paid the $100 bribe
through the outbound window at the scale house or met with Washington or another
scale house operator at an off-site location to pay a week's worth of bribes or
more.  The commercial haulers always paid the $100 bribes in cash.



 By paying the $100 bribes in lieu of the disposal fees, these haulers saved
their businesses thousands of dollars each month, which, in turn, cost the City
of Baltimore more than $6 million in revenue.  From July 1, 2014 through May 1,
2015 alone, Washington accepted on her own behalf, and on behalf of other DPW
employees, more than $40,000 in bribe payments from one individual in return for
not charging the individual or his company the required waste disposal fees,
which totaled approximately $120,000 during that period of time.



 Six Baltimore Department of Public Works (DPW) employees and six commercial
trash haulers have been convicted in federal court for this scheme, and/or a
second scheme in which DPW employees stole scrap metal from the Landfill for
personal gain.



 United States Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein praised the FBI, IRS-CI, Baltimore
Office of Inspector General, and Maryland State Police for their work in the
investigation.  Mr. Rosenstein thanked Assistant United States Attorneys Martin
J. Clarke and Leo J. Wise, who prosecuted the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             740 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             October 2, 2009 Friday

MOB SWEEP NETS CITY INSPECTORS

BYLINE: LAURA ITALIANO and MURRAY WEISS

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 517 words


Three Luchese crime-family associates infiltrated the city Department of
Buildings, climbing to mid-level inspection jobs and pocketing tens of thousands
of dollars a pop in bribes -  even as they continued their underworld trade in
guns, drugs and gambling, officials said yesterday.

"They had developed a small beachfront into this agency," Manhattan DA Robert
Morgenthau said in announcing 29 arrests -  most of them of reputed Luchese
gangsters, including two of the organization's top three men.

Luchese "ruling panel" honchos Matthew Madonna and Joseph DiNapoli were the
biggest trophies.

Lawmen spent two years, conducted 64 phone taps and executed 54 search warrants
in netting their prey.

They also bugged the Elvis Diner in the Pelham Bay section of The Bronx, where
Madonna and DiNapoli often met to discuss mob business, sources said.

But most startling among the arrests are those of the three accused mobsters who
rose to supervisory positions in the scandal-plagued department: brothers Frank
and Carmine Francomano and Thomas Masucci.

Also arrested were three building inspectors accused of taking bribes.
Investigators said it was unclear whether the three Luchese-linked inspectors
recruited the three non-gangster inspectors or vice versa, or whether they all
just found each other on the job.

The Post uncovered the alleged mob connection several weeks ago, with a story
about building inspectors who were videotaped taking bribes at construction
sites.

City Department of Investigation officials insisted that all 19 bribe-tainted
sites in Manhattan and The Bronx have been reinspected and are safe.

Buildings Commissioner Robert Limandri said that by next week, the on-duty
locations of every inspector would be tracked through GPS in department-issued
cellphones.

The investigation began in New Jersey, where agents were listening in on the
phones of an alleged Luchese-run, Internet-based sports- gambling ring that
authorities believe has netted $400 million for the crime family in the last two
years.

When information about New York-based mobsters and buildings inspectors started
turning up on the New Jersey wiretaps, authorities there passed the information
to New York, prosecutors said.

So far, investigators have seized drugs, firearms, $430,000 in cash, and boxes
of gambling records. The 29 arrested were arraigned yesterday on various
charges, including bribery, extortion, illegal gambling and firearms
trafficking.

Authorities also rounded up 18 reputed mobsters on federal charges connected to
gambling and loan-sharking for the Luchese crime family -  a case that began
when one of them offered cops bribes to turn a blind eye to his illegal poker
room in New York and to raid competing games.

The vice-squad cops -  who collected $220,000 from defendant Steven Mayer after
the initial bribe offer allegedly was made in April 2006 -  actually were
working undercover and ended up gathering evidence against him.

Deputy Chief Brian Conroy yesterday said one of Mayer's card rooms charged
people $10 per hour to play, and earned up to $14,000 a day.

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UNLUCKY LUCHESE: Crime family "ruling panel" big shot Joseph DiNapoli,
in glasses, is hauled in yesterday. The DA also accused three Luchese
"associates" of infiltrating the Buildings Department. (Robert Kalfus)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             741 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             June 7, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

N.Y. crane inspector charged with taking bribes; Allegations follow two fatal
collapses

BYLINE: Michael Frazier, Newsday

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 307  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK - A veteran New York City crane inspector was charged with pocketing
thousands of dollars in bribes in the past eight years in exchange for fake
reports, authorities said Friday.

James Delayo, acting chief inspector with the Department of Buildings, was
arrested on charges of falsifying business records, offering false instruments
for filing, tampering with public records and receiving unlawful gratuities,
according to the Manhattan district attorney's office.

After being released without bond at his arraignment in Manhattan criminal
court, Delayo, 60, of the Bronx, hopped into a cab without comment.

Prosecutors said Delayo met the owner of a Long Island-based crane company,
which officials didn't name, accepting numerous bribes between 2002 and 2007.
Depending on the illegal favour, bribes would range from $200 to $3,000.

Investigation Department Commissioner Rose Gill Hearn said in a statement
Delayo's acts were "profoundly disturbing" and that he sold out "his own
integrity in a way that compromised public safety."

Delayo has been with the department since 1982. He worked in the department's
Division of Cranes and Derricks.

No evidence was found connecting him to two recent crane collapses that killed
nine people, authorities said.

News of the investigation comes at a time many New Yorkers are looking skyward,
nervously anticipating another crane collapse like the two fatal incidents of
the past three months. A tower crane toppled March 15 in midtown Manhattan,
killing seven people. Two construction workers died May 30 when another tower
crane collapsed on the Upper East Side of Manhattan.

The 16 construction-related fatalities this year in the city have already
surpassed the toll for all of 2007 -- 12 -- according to the Department of
Buildings. The city attributed the increase to an ongoing construction boom.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Crime

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             742 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Top LPCiminelli execs leave posts

BYLINE: Rick Pfeiffer, Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 654 words


Feb. 07--A shake-up at LPCiminelli will see three top executives facing federal
corruption charges stepping aside from their posts.

Chief Executive Officer Louis P. Ciminelli, Michael Laipple, Ciminelli's
Infrastructure Division president and Pendleton resident and Ciminelli Senior
Vice President Kevin Schuler have all departed from the the company.

Published reports indicated that the trio had resigned their positions, but
sources close to the corruption case told the Gazette on Monday that the three
men "are not unemployed" and may have moved to a different corporate entity.

Control of the company has moved to its president, Frank Ciminelli II, Louis'
son. He will now become the CEO.

Efforts to reach Frank Ciminelli II were not immediately successful.

The shuffle in the executive suite comes as the corruption case against Louis
Ciminelli, Schuler and Laipple moves forward in a a federal district court in
Manhattan.

Lawyers involved in the case tell the Gazette that prosecutors have begun
turning over what they described as "millions of pages of documents" in
connection with a wide-ranging public corruption probe involving former state
officials and executives of a pair of Syracuse companies.

A 14 count indictment charges Louis Ciminelli, Laipple and Schuler with multiple
counts of wire fraud and bribery

Also charged in the indictment were Alain Kaloyeros, the former president of
SUNY Polytechnic Institute, Joseph Percoco, the former executive deputy
secretary to Gov. Andrew Cuomo, Syracuse energy company executive Peter
Galbraith Kelly Jr., and Syracuse developers Steven Aiello and Joseph Gerardi.

Those defendants face multiple counts of extortion, honest services fraud,
solicitation of bribes, payment of bribes, wire fraud and lying to the FBI.

All eight men were arrested in late September on a criminal complaint that
contained the same charges as the indictment.

Defense attorneys for Ciminelli, Laipple and Schuler have previously told the
Gazette that their clients were prepared to go to trial over the accusations.

Ciminelli, a high-profile developer and political power player in Western New
York, along with Laipple, and Schuler, stands accused of paying an Albany
lobbyist $100,000 to rig the bidding process for the $750 million Solar City
complex construction project, a part of the Buffalo Billion program.

U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara has said that
the investigation into Ciminelli and the others, "sheds a light on the sordid
'Show me the money' culture in Albany. (It was) hundreds of thousands of dollars
in bribes for hundreds of millions of dollars in business."

Agents in the FBI's Buffalo Field Office, along with investigators from
Bharara's office, spent more than a year conducting their investigation.

Ciminelli, Schuler and Laipple are specifically accused of paying bribes to Todd
Howe, who had been hired by Kaloyeros to help administer the Buffalo Billion
initiative and related programs. Oversight of the Buffalo Billion had been
placed under the direction of Kaloyeros and others, like Howe, at SUNY Poly.

Howe and Kaloyeros are accused of secretly rigging the bids on lucrative
state-funded contracts to ensure that LPCiminelli and a Syracuse-based developer
would win the contracts.

Percoco, the former key Cuomo aide, is accused of soliciting and accepting more
than $315,000 in bribes.

Howe has already pleaded guilty for his role in the public corruption schemes.
He entered his plea to an eight-count criminal information that included charges
of honest services fraud, extortion, wire fraud, conspiracy to commit bribery
and tax evasion.

The lobbyist has agreed to cooperate with prosecutors and forfeit any cash or
property he acquired from Ciminelli and others.

___ (c)2017 the Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170207-NF-Top-LPCiminelli-execs-leave-posts-0207-20170207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2017 Niagara Gazette


                             743 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Sudan News Agency (SUNA)

                           February 22, 2014 Saturday

California lawmaker indicted on bribery, corruption charges

LENGTH: 635  words


LOS ANGELES Fri Feb 21, 2014 (Reuters) - A California state senator has been
indicted on federal charges that he took $100,000 in bribes from a businessman
and from undercover FBI agents posing as Hollywood movie executives in exchange
for steering legislation in their favor, prosecutors said on Friday.

Democrat Ron Calderon, 56, has agreed to turn himself in on Monday to face two
dozen counts of bribery, fraud, money laundering and other charges, U.S.
Attorney Andre Birotte said at a news conference to announce the charges.

"Senator Calderon is accused of accepting tens of thousands of dollars in bribes
and using the powers of his elected office to enrich himself and his brother
Tom, rather than for the benefit of the public he was sworn to serve," Birotte
said.

State senate leader Darrell Steinberg called on Calderon, a veteran legislator
and member of a political dynasty going back several decades in California, to
resign or take a leave of absence.

"At a minimum, he should take a complete leave of absence until the criminal
proceedings are finished," Steinberg said. "If he does not resign, or take that
leave of absence voluntarily, the Senate will seek to suspend him."

Phone calls made to Ron Calderon's offices in the Los Angeles area and in
Sacramento were not answered on Friday.

According to a 28-page indictment handed down in U.S. District Court in Los
Angeles on Thursday, Calderon is accused of taking some $100,000 in cash bribes,
along with plane trips, golf outings and jobs for his children, in exchange for
influencing legislation.

Prosecutors say the lawmaker accepted bribes from Long Beach, California,
hospital owner Michael Drobot to preserve a legislative loophole that allowed
Drobot to defraud the state's healthcare system out of hundreds of millions of
dollars.

The senator's brother, Tom Calderon, a former member of the California State
Assembly, was also named in the indictment and charged with conspiracy and seven
counts of money laundering.

Drobot has agreed to plead guilty to separate federal charges and is cooperating
in the case against the Calderon brothers, prosecutors say.

Ron Calderon is also accused of accepting money from undercover FBI agents who
he thought worked for an independent Hollywood movie studio in exchange for
supporting an expansion of film tax credits in California.

Both Calderons are accused of laundering the bribe money by funneling it through
Tom Calderon's consulting firm, Californians for Diversity.

Tom Calderon, 59, pleaded not guilty during a brief hearing in U.S. District
Court in Los Angeles on Friday. His defense attorney, Shepard Kopp, said that he
"categorically denies" the charges against him.

"This is direct payback by the government for Ron Calderon refusing to wear a
wire and cooperate with the government's investigation," Kopp said. He declined
to elaborate.

In June, FBI agents raided the Sacramento offices of the senator and the
California legislature's Latino Caucus, where he was a member of the executive
board.

At the time, high-profile Los Angeles attorney Mark Geragos told the Sacramento
Bee newspaper that prosecutors had no case against Calderon and should be
"ashamed of themselves" because, he believed, they had leaked word of the raid
to the media.

Geragos could not be reached for comment on Friday and his office declined to
say if he was still representing Calderon.

In November, Calderon was removed from the board of the Latino Caucus and from
his legislative committee assignments by his colleagues because of the
investigation.

If convicted at trial, Ron Calderon, who also faces tax fraud charges, could
face a statutory maximum of nearly 400 years in prison, although federal
sentencing guidelines typically call for much less time. Tom Calderon could face
a maximum of 160 years behind bars.
HU

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 391


                        Copyright 2014 Sudan News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             744 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 12, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: United States Returns $1.5 Million in Forfeited Proceeds from Sale
of Property Purchased with Alleged Bribes Paid to Family of Former President of
Taiwan

LENGTH: 733  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The Department of Justice announced today that it is returning approximately
$1.5 million to Taiwan, the proceeds of the sale of a forfeited New York
condominium and a Virginia residence that the United States alleged in its
complaint were purchased with the proceeds of bribes paid to the family of
Taiwan's former President Chen Shui-Bian.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge of U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (HSI)
made the announcement.



 According to the civil forfeiture complaints filed in this case, Yuanta
Securities Co. Ltd. paid a bribe of 200 million New Taiwan dollars (equivalent
to approximately $6 million USD) to former First Lady Wu Shu-Jen in 2004, during
former President Chen Shui-Bian's administration.  The bribe was allegedly paid
to ensure that the president would use his power so that the Taiwan authorities
would not oppose Yuanta's bid to acquire a financial holding company.  The
former first family used Hong Kong and Swiss bank accounts, shell companies and
a St. Kitts and Nevis trust to transfer the bribe proceeds needed to purchase
the properties in Keswick, Virginia, and New York.  The properties were owned by
the former first family of Taiwan through two limited liability companies.  In
October 2012, U.S. District Courts in Virginia and in New York entered final
forfeiture judgments against these two properties without opposition by the
record owners.  The United States then sold these two properties and obtained
approximately $1.5 million in proceeds, which is being returned to Taiwan.



 "The Kleptocracy Initiative was established to prevent corrupt leaders from
using the United States as a safe haven for their ill-gotten gains," said
Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "We are committed to rooting out foreign
official corruption and preventing corrupt officials from enjoying their spoils
in the United States.  We appreciate the cooperation of Taiwan law enforcement
in this matter."



 "After many years of collaborative work, we are happy to return these funds to
their rightful owners," said Executive Associate Director Edge.  "This is part
of an ongoing effort by HSI to identify and seize illegal assets in the United
States obtained by corrupt foreign leaders who abuse our financial systems in
order to conceal the illicit proceeds of their crimes.  HSI special agents in
our 62 offices in 43 countries will continue to work with our domestic offices
and international law enforcement partners to hold these individuals
accountable."



 ICE-HSI investigated the case, with assistance from the agency's attaché in
Hong Kong, HSI Miami's Foreign Corruption Investigation Group and the Taiwan
Supreme Prosecutors Office's Special Investigations Division.  Trial Attorney
Jennifer Wallis and former Deputy Chief Linda Samuel of the Criminal Division's
Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section (AFMLS) prosecuted the case.  The
Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided valuable
assistance.



 The Justice Department's Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative is carried out
by a dedicated team of prosecutors in AFMLS, working in partnership with federal
law enforcement agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption
and, where appropriate, return those proceeds to benefit those harmed.
Individuals with information about possible proceeds of foreign corruption
located in or laundered through institutions in the United States should contact
federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

 Email links icon

 .



 HSI 's Foreign Corruption Investigations Group targets corrupt foreign
officials around the world who attempt to utilize U.S. financial institutions to
launder illicit funds.  The group conducts investigations into the laundering of
proceeds emanating from foreign public corruption, bribery or embezzlement.  The
objective is to prevent foreign derived ill-gotten gains from entering the U.S.
financial infrastructure, to seize identified assets in the United States and
repatriate these funds on behalf of those affected.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             745 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

United States Returns $1.5 Million in Forfeited Proceeds from Sale of Property
Purchased with Alleged Bribes Paid to Family of Former President of Taiwan

LENGTH: 735  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:



  The Department of Justice announced today that it is returning approximately
$1.5 million to Taiwan, the proceeds of the sale of a forfeited New York
condominium and a Virginia residence that the United States alleged in its
complaint were purchased with the proceeds of bribes paid to the family of
Taiwan's former President Chen Shui-Bian.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge of U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (HSI)
made the announcement.



 According to the civil forfeiture complaints filed in this case, Yuanta
Securities Co. Ltd. paid a bribe of 200 million New Taiwan dollars (equivalent
to approximately $6 million USD) to former First Lady Wu Shu-Jen in 2004, during
former President Chen Shui-Bian's administration.  The bribe was allegedly paid
to ensure that the president would use his power so that the Taiwan authorities
would not oppose Yuanta's bid to acquire a financial holding company.  The
former first family used Hong Kong and Swiss bank accounts, shell companies and
a St. Kitts and Nevis trust to transfer the bribe proceeds needed to purchase
the properties in Keswick, Virginia, and New York.  The properties were owned by
the former first family of Taiwan through two limited liability companies.  In
October 2012, U.S. District Courts in Virginia and in New York entered final
forfeiture judgments against these two properties without opposition by the
record owners.  The United States then sold these two properties and obtained
approximately $1.5 million in proceeds, which is being returned to Taiwan.



 "The Kleptocracy Initiative was established to prevent corrupt leaders from
using the United States as a safe haven for their ill-gotten gains," said
Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "We are committed to rooting out foreign
official corruption and preventing corrupt officials from enjoying their spoils
in the United States.  We appreciate the cooperation of Taiwan law enforcement
in this matter."



 "After many years of collaborative work, we are happy to return these funds to
their rightful owners," said Executive Associate Director Edge.  "This is part
of an ongoing effort by HSI to identify and seize illegal assets in the United
States obtained by corrupt foreign leaders who abuse our financial systems in
order to conceal the illicit proceeds of their crimes.  HSI special agents in
our 62 offices in 43 countries will continue to work with our domestic offices
and international law enforcement partners to hold these individuals
accountable."



 ICE-HSI investigated the case, with assistance from the agency's attaché in
Hong Kong, HSI Miami's Foreign Corruption Investigation Group and the Taiwan
Supreme Prosecutors Office's Special Investigations Division.  Trial Attorney
Jennifer Wallis and former Deputy Chief Linda Samuel of the Criminal Division's
Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section (AFMLS) prosecuted the case.  The
Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided valuable
assistance.



 The Justice Department's Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative is carried out
by a dedicated team of prosecutors in AFMLS, working in partnership with federal
law enforcement agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption
and, where appropriate, return those proceeds to benefit those harmed.
Individuals with information about possible proceeds of foreign corruption
located in or laundered through institutions in the United States should contact
federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

 Email links icon

 .



 HSI 's Foreign Corruption Investigations Group targets corrupt foreign
officials around the world who attempt to utilize U.S. financial institutions to
launder illicit funds.  The group conducts investigations into the laundering of
proceeds emanating from foreign public corruption, bribery or embezzlement.  The
objective is to prevent foreign derived ill-gotten gains from entering the U.S.
financial infrastructure, to seize identified assets in the United States and
repatriate these funds on behalf of those affected.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             746 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday

United States Returns $1.5 Million in Forfeited Proceeds from Sale of Property
Purchased with Alleged Bribes Paid to Family of Former President of Taiwan

LENGTH: 735  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office of Public Affairs Department of Justice has issued the following news
release:



  The Department of Justice announced today that it is returning approximately
$1.5 million to Taiwan, the proceeds of the sale of a forfeited New York
condominium and a Virginia residence that the United States alleged in its
complaint were purchased with the proceeds of bribes paid to the family of
Taiwan's former President Chen Shui-Bian.





 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division and Executive Associate Director Peter T. Edge of U.S.
Immigration and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (HSI)
made the announcement.



 According to the civil forfeiture complaints filed in this case, Yuanta
Securities Co. Ltd. paid a bribe of 200 million New Taiwan dollars (equivalent
to approximately $6 million USD) to former First Lady Wu Shu-Jen in 2004, during
former President Chen Shui-Bian's administration.  The bribe was allegedly paid
to ensure that the president would use his power so that the Taiwan authorities
would not oppose Yuanta's bid to acquire a financial holding company.  The
former first family used Hong Kong and Swiss bank accounts, shell companies and
a St. Kitts and Nevis trust to transfer the bribe proceeds needed to purchase
the properties in Keswick, Virginia, and New York.  The properties were owned by
the former first family of Taiwan through two limited liability companies.  In
October 2012, U.S. District Courts in Virginia and in New York entered final
forfeiture judgments against these two properties without opposition by the
record owners.  The United States then sold these two properties and obtained
approximately $1.5 million in proceeds, which is being returned to Taiwan.



 "The Kleptocracy Initiative was established to prevent corrupt leaders from
using the United States as a safe haven for their ill-gotten gains," said
Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.  "We are committed to rooting out foreign
official corruption and preventing corrupt officials from enjoying their spoils
in the United States.  We appreciate the cooperation of Taiwan law enforcement
in this matter."



 "After many years of collaborative work, we are happy to return these funds to
their rightful owners," said Executive Associate Director Edge.  "This is part
of an ongoing effort by HSI to identify and seize illegal assets in the United
States obtained by corrupt foreign leaders who abuse our financial systems in
order to conceal the illicit proceeds of their crimes.  HSI special agents in
our 62 offices in 43 countries will continue to work with our domestic offices
and international law enforcement partners to hold these individuals
accountable."



 ICE-HSI investigated the case, with assistance from the agency's attaché in
Hong Kong, HSI Miami's Foreign Corruption Investigation Group and the Taiwan
Supreme Prosecutors Office's Special Investigations Division.  Trial Attorney
Jennifer Wallis and former Deputy Chief Linda Samuel of the Criminal Division's
Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Section (AFMLS) prosecuted the case.  The
Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs also provided valuable
assistance.



 The Justice Department's Kleptocracy Asset Recovery Initiative is carried out
by a dedicated team of prosecutors in AFMLS, working in partnership with federal
law enforcement agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption
and, where appropriate, return those proceeds to benefit those harmed.
Individuals with information about possible proceeds of foreign corruption
located in or laundered through institutions in the United States should contact
federal law enforcement or send an email to kleptocracy@usdoj.gov

 Email links icon

 .



 HSI 's Foreign Corruption Investigations Group targets corrupt foreign
officials around the world who attempt to utilize U.S. financial institutions to
launder illicit funds.  The group conducts investigations into the laundering of
proceeds emanating from foreign public corruption, bribery or embezzlement.  The
objective is to prevent foreign derived ill-gotten gains from entering the U.S.
financial infrastructure, to seize identified assets in the United States and
repatriate these funds on behalf of those affected.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             747 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Bergen County, New Jersey Democratic Chairman Convicted on
Racketeering Charges

LENGTH: 582  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

NEWARK, NJ--A jury today convicted Joseph A. Ferriero, the former chairman of
the Bergen County Democratic Organization (BCDO), in connection with a
racketeering scheme involving fraud and soliciting and accepting bribes as a
party official, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Ferriero, 57, was found guilty following an eight-week trial before U.S.
District Judge Esther B. Salas in Newark federal court. The jury deliberated
four days before finding Ferriero guilty of conducting the BCDO's affairs
through a pattern of racketeering activity (Count One), using the mail and
facilities in interstate commerce to promote bribery and distribute bribe
proceeds (Count Three) and wire fraud (Count Five).

"Joseph Ferriero was convicted today of running a local political organization
as a criminal enterprise, using his power and position to line his pockets,"
U.S. Attorney Fishman said. "The evidence we presented at trial described a
racketeering operation that ran on influence peddling, bribes and kickbacks.
Rooting out and prosecuting this kind of political corruption is a constant
priority for this office. The people of New Jersey are entitled to honest public
service."

"Today's conviction of Joseph A. Ferriero reaffirms the FBI's commitment to
combat public corruption in New Jersey and serves as a reminder that those
individuals who violate the public's trust will be held accountable," Richard M.
Frankel, the FBI's Special Agent in Charge, Newark, said.

According to documents filed in this case and the evidence at trial:

Ferriero served as the chairman of the BCDO from 1998 until January 2009 and was
the sole member of SJC Consulting LLC. The jury found Ferriero accepted bribes
in his capacity as BCDO chairman in the course of a scheme involving SJC.
Ferriero agreed with John Carrino, a Nutley, New Jersey-based attorney and
software developer that Ferriero would recommend and provide a favorable opinion
of the software developer and his companies to various public officials in
Bergen County with whom Ferriero had influence. The software developer agreed to
pay Ferriero one-quarter to one-third of the gross receipts from any contract
obtained as a result of Ferriero's efforts. Ferriero's financial interest in the
software developer's public contracts was completely hidden using two shell
companies, one of which was created and incorporated in Nevada for the sole
purpose of contracting with and accepting payments from another shell company
controlled by the software developer.

The racketeering charge carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in
prison; the Travel Act charge carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison;
and the wire fraud charge carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in
prison. Each count of the indictment also carries a maximum $250,000 fine.
Sentencing is scheduled for July 27, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Frankel, and investigators from the U.S. Attorney's
Office, under the direction of Supervisory Criminal Investigator Thomas Mahoney,
with the investigation leading to today's conviction.

The government is represented by Counsel to the U.S. Attorney Rachael A. Honig
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Llanes of the Special Prosecutions Division
in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             748 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: South Jersey MRI Facility Owners Admit Paying Tens of Thousands in Cash
Bribes for Patient Referrals

LENGTH: 420  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

CAMDEN, NJ--The owners of two South Jersey MRI facilities today admitted paying
more than $30,000 in cash bribes to a doctor for patient referrals, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced. Norman Brettler, a/k/a "Norbert," 67, of
Cherry Hill, New Jersey, and Lee Getson, 62, of Southampton, New Jersey, pleaded
guilty before U.S. District Judge Joseph E. Irenas in Camden federal court to
separate informations charging them each with one count of conspiracy to pay
kickbacks.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Brettler and Getson owned Positional Imaging Associates LLC, d/b/a Ocean Upright
MRI, in Toms River, New Jersey, and Tilton Dynamic Imaging LLC, in Northfield,
New Jersey. From January 2012 through June 2014, Brettler and Getson agreed with
others to pay cash bribes to a doctor in exchange for patient referrals.
Brettler and Getson paid the doctor more than $30,000 for referrals, resulting
in more than $115,000 in Medicare payments to their MRI companies.

The conspiracy charge to which Brettler and Getson pleaded guilty carries a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or
twice the gross gain or loss resulting from the offense. Sentencing for both
defendants is scheduled for June 29, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert, with the investigation leading to
today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jane H. Yoon and Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven of the U.S. Attorney's Office Health Care and
Government Fraud Unit in Newark. U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health
care fraud practice at the New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after
taking office, including creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud
Unit to handle both criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health
care fraud offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million
in health care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines,
restitution and forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             749 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             April 2, 2013 Tuesday

'Bribing' his way onto the ballot [Exclusive] *  Sen. Smith in 'plot' for mayor
race * Dem schemed to run as GOPer * Faces rap with Republican Halloran

BYLINE: Josh Margolin

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 790 words


State Sen. Malcolm Smith and city Councilman Dan Halloran will be slapped with
federal charges today in a stunning bribery scheme to rig this year's mayoral
election, The Post has learned.

The pols allegedly formed an alliance built on cash payments and fraud to get
Smith - one of the state's top Democrats - placed on the Republican ballot,
sources said.

FBI agents planned to arrest both men this morning.

Smith was trying to buy off Republican leaders because he needed the party's
support in at least three boroughs in order to run as a GOP candidate without
even changing his own party affiliation, the sources said.

"It's incredible," a source said of the alleged plot.

To get on the GOP ballot, Smith allegedly enlisted Halloran, a Republican, to
set up meetings with party leaders and negotiate thousands of dollars in bribes.
The money was masked as payments for legal and accounting services, sources
said.

Halloran allegedly collected thousands in bribes for himself along the way, the
sources said.

He is separately charged with taking bribes from a consultant in return for up
to $80,000 in City Council discretionary funding.

The feds were already investigating Halloran when they got wind of the alleged
ballot-manipulating plan in November, the sources said. Smith met with his
alleged co-conspirators as recently as February.

FBI spokesman Martin Feely, reached late last night, declined to comment.

Noramie Jasmin, the mayor of Spring Valley in Rockland County, and her deputy
mayor, Joseph Desmaret, are also expected to be taken into custody today as part
of the probe - although it was unclear how it relates to Smith.

The Rockland pair is accused of taking bribes in return for approving the sale
of village land to a private concern. In addition to cash bribes, Jasmin is
accused by the feds of demanding a secret ownership stake in the company that
bought the property from her community.

That scheme dates to August 2011, the feds charge.

The four elected officials - and others being rounded up today - are expected to
appear in White Plains federal court.

Smith's arrest is a remarkable turn in what was once viewed as an ascendant bid
to succeed Mayor Bloomberg.

Smith, 56, spent much of the summer trying to drum up support for a campaign,
which was first reported by The Post. To bolster his effort, he met with
officials around the state, including New York GOP chief Ed Cox.

At the time, he appeared to have more of a chance than the liberal group of
candidates seeking the Democratic nomination.

Both Smith and Halloran are controversial figures.

Smith is facing heat for his ties to a shady Queens nonprofit, the New Direction
Local Development Corp., which The Post found misused charitable funds intended
for victims of Hurricane Katrina.

Smith, representing much of southeastern Queens, was also involved in an
embarrassing Aqueduct casino bid-rigging scandal, which remains under
investigation by the FBI.

Never missing a chance to make headlines, Smith last year stunned the state's
political establishment by joining forces with Republicans to form a
first-of-its-kind coalition to run the fractured state Senate.

By joining the Independent Democratic Caucus - along with four other Democratic
renegades - Smith allowed the state Republican Party to keep control of the
Legislature's upper house.

Smith also once served as the majority leader of the state Senate, after
Democrats captured control of the chamber in 2008.

Chaos reigned during Smith's tenure and, by June 2009, two members of his
conference had joined with GOP senators to oust Smith and trigger another crisis
at the Capitol.

His brief period of leadership was considered a flop, and his Democratic Party
subsequently lost control of the chamber to the Republicans.

Halloran, too, is no stranger to controversy.

During the Christmas blizzard of 2010, the first-term councilman from Bayside
claimed he had evidence that Sanitation Department plow drivers were
intentionally slowing down the cleanup as part of a wildcat job action.

But he refused to assist in the feds' probe, citing attorney-client privilege.

The city's Department of Investigation later released a report that found "no
actual evidence about a possible slowdown."

Halloran, a 42-year-old lawyer and former city cop, ran for Congress last year.

During that campaign, The Post reported the state Board of Elections had
referred his campaign to the Albany DA for investigation and possible
prosecution because he had not filed state campaign-finance reports for more
than two years.

Halloran later filed the appropriate forms, but lost to then-Assemblywoman Grace
Meng

josh.margolin@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -No stranger to scandal: State Sen. Malcolm Smith is already under fire
for his links to a shady charity that misused funds intended for Hurricane
Katrina victims, according to a series of Post exposés.-Dirty biz: Councilman
Dan Halloran (above), a Republican, and Dem state Sen. Malcolm Smith were to be
charged by the feds today in an alleged plot to get Smith on the GOP mayoral
ballot. [NY Post: Spencer Burnett; Riyad Hassan]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             750 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             April 17, 1994, Sunday

WEEKEND REPORT Sentencings don't end airport corruption saga

BYLINE: By Douglas A. Blackmon STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section H; Page 2

LENGTH: 337 words


With the sentencing last week of two central figures in Atlanta's airport
corruption case, the first round of prosecutions related to the scandal came to
a close.

But still to come are the trials of former City Councilman D.L. "Buddy" Fowlkes
and a Mississippi businessman accused of paying bribes to city officials and
kickbacks to other airport concessionaires.

And the 2-year-old investigation into payoffs to Atlanta officials is still
alive and threatening to reach deeper into City Hall's political elite.

Former City Councilman Ira Jackson and airport gift-shop magnate Dan Paradies
were sentenced to federal prison terms Friday, and the company implicated in the
case was fined $ 1.5 million.

Jury selection begins May 16 for the trial of Fowlkes, who was indicted last
year for allegedly taking regular cash bribes from Harold Echols, an airport
businessman who has pleaded guilty to paying bribes and testified against
Jackson and Paradies.

Dave Gammill, the Mississippi entrepreneur, is accused of supplying bribe money
to Echols and paying off the president of the company that controlled
concessions leases at the airport. His trial, postponed for health reasons
earlier this year, is tentatively scheduled for June.

Also accused by Echols of accepting bribes were City Council President Marvin S.
Arrington, former City Councilman Morris Finley and Atlanta Mayor Bill Campbell.
Apparently, there is little or no other evidence against Finley and Campbell.
All three men vehemently deny any wrongdoing.

During the Jackson-Paradies trial, however, prosecutors showed videotapes of
Echols making cash payments to Fowlkes and Arrington. And prosecutors repeated
Friday that alleged bribes to Arrington were part of the conspiracy for which
Paradies was convicted.

Arrington later recorded the videotaped payment as a political contribution and
has not been indicted.

The U.S. attorney's office will not discuss individual targets of the inquiry,
but prosecutors say the investigation is ongoing.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941100302

GRAPHIC: A teaser box: (appeared on H/01 with reference to this H/02 story).

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             751 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 24, 1980, Thursday, Final Edition

Maryland's Dirty Linen -- A Useful Reminder

BYLINE: Richard Cohen

SECTION: Metro; Richard Cohen; C1

LENGTH: 775 words


FOR SEVERAL YEARS of my life, I covered the politics and government of the state
of Maryland.  When the legislature was in session, I watched grown men chase
little girls, burp into their microphones, mangle the English language, trade
votes, sell votes, not vote and vote for bills they neither understood nor made
any attempt to read.  This, I have to tell you, took place in the era of reform.

In the off season, I covered trials.  In my time, two governors of that state
were convicted of crimes relating to what they had done in office -- Spiro T.
Agnew and Marvin Mandel.  This was nothing.  In my experience, just being
elected executive of Baltimore County is enough to warrant indictment.

You want more?  I'll give you more.  The speaker of the Maryland house went to
jail for taking a bribe.  The U.S. senator from the state was also convicted of
taking a bribe.  In Prince George's County, so many people were convicted of
taking bribes, they could have formed a burial society.  On the Eastern Shore, a
congressman went to jail.  In Baltimore County, a prosecutor was convicted of
taking a carnal bribe.  Yuck!

More?  I'll give you more.  The governor left his wife and she barricaded
herself in the mansion.  He moved to a hotel.  A state senator was busted for
smuggling pot and bailed out by his colleagues so he could break a tie vote.
Another member of the legislature fled from the State House to avoid arrest, was
arrested anyway and was later bumped off in Baltimore.  I had to stop covering
Maryland.  I was getting older.  I couldn't take the excitement anymore.

I list these highlights in the history of the Free State because today a
committee of the Maryland legislature is sitting in judgment on the District of
Columbia.  Before it are scheduled to come two supplicants, the mayor, Marion
Barry, and the nonvoting delegate to the Congress of the United States, Walter
Fauntroy.  What these two men want from Maryland is its support of something
called the D.C. Voting Rights Amendment, which would give the District of
Columbia two members in the House of Representatives and two real senators.
Maryland, however, finds the District of Columbia morally insufficient.

I know.  It takes your breath away.  The cause of this legislative snit is
Fauntroy, himself, who is a member of Congress cum civil rights leader went off
to Beirut for his now-famous sit down with Yasser Arafat, the only man capable
of always having a week's growth of beard.  For this, Fauntroy was roundly
criticized at the time and, in my view, rightly so.  What he did was foolish and
to some people offensive, but he had every right to do it.

Leaders of the Maryland legislature beg to differ.  They found Fauntroy's trip
so offensive that they cannot vote for the D.C. Voting Rights Amendment on the
theory that Fauntroy himself will be the District's senator if and when the
amendment is ratified.  With Fauntroy leading this effort, they need not hold
their breath.

No matter.  This is a signal lesson in why the amendment needs to be passed.
What Fauntroy did he did in his capacity as a religious, political and civic
leader, and there are plenty of people who think he did the right thing.  He
ought to be accountable to them and not to the legislators of Maryland.  If the
people of Washington don't approve, they'll vote him out of office.  This is,
after all, their business.

The Maryland legislators seem well-intentioned.  They are, for the most part,
Jewish and they are offended that Fauntroy did business with a man who many Jews
see as nothing more than a killer.  But the issue is not Arafat.  It is the
right of the people of Washington to have some sort of say about their
government -- to have a vote.

Will Fauntroy have to account to abortion zealots -- pro or con -- for his stand
on this issue? Will he have to promise now to vote yes or no?  Will the
prayer-in-schools people want to get a pledge from him on this issue and will
the truckers of Maryland who have for years run roughshod over the General
Assembly want to know where he stands on the 55 m.p.h. controversy?

The position of the Maryland legislators is something of an insult to the people
of Washington.  They want Washingtonians to be punished for the perceived
mistakes of one man, maybe turning him out of office until a man more to their
liking is elected.  If the rest of the country applied the same rules to
Maryland, the state would have been kicked out of Congress years ago and the
people stripped of their right to vote.  Look, Maryland, I know you.  You're
living in a glass house.

Don't throw stones.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                             752 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

              February 17, 1990, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

3 Canadians in Texas jail over bribe

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 158 words


   A Peterborough man and two top officials of Saskatchewan's crown-owned
transit firm are in a Texas jail charged with conspiracy to bribe public
officials.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation in Dallas says the case involves a $50,000
bribe in connection with a $2.8-million bus purchase by the Saskatchewan
Transportation Company from Eagle Bus Manufacturing Inc. of Brownsville, Texas.
The contract was for 11 buses.

The Saskatchewan company is the province's inter-city carrier, similar to
Ontario's GO Transit.

Charged with conspiracy to bribe are: transit president Don Castle, 45,
vice-president Darryl Lowery, 44, both of Saskatchewan; George Morton, 49, an
agent for Eagle Bus in Peterborough; and Vernon Tull, 60, the executive
vice-president of Eagle Bus in Texas.

FBI spokesman Woody Speck said the three Canadians were being held yesterday in
the Dallas County Jail.United; States; bribery; charge

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                             753 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              June 19, 2011 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Don't pay 'bribe' to all-pro money-grubbers

BYLINE: By Larry Felser

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 445 words


You had to know it would take someone born and bred in Western New York to
identify the NFL as the "Keep a Close Watch on Your Billfold" operation that
it's become.

The hometowner is Neil Abercrombie, governor of Hawaii, a native of
Williamsville and a graduate of Williamsville High School before the town built
Williamsville East and North. What riled him was the decision of Honolulu pols
to agree to pay the NFL $4 million for the rights to play the Pro Bowl in one of
the world's most glamorous cities.

Abercrombie correctly identified the Pro Bowl as a "scrimmage." He's right. It
is to actual pro football what chips and popcorn are to a six-course gourmet
dinner. Players and coaches love it since for them it is a paid vacation in
paradise.

The governor suggests that the $4 million would be far better spent on the
island schools rather than to fete pro bowl football players, the best and most
highly-rewarded in the league. He also suggests that the bounty being paid to
the NFL is, in effect, a "bribe," which it is.

The Pro Bowl is played in late January or early February. Why should anyone be
paid a bribe to escape a portion of the winter in one of the most pleasant
locations on this earth? Abercrombie pointed out that now that gay marriage has
been legalized by the Hawaiian legislature, the number of football fans lost as
visitors would be equaled if not surpassed by same-sex couples arriving to be
married as well as their families and friends happily showing up to fete them.

The Pro Bowl in Hawaii is just the latest in the NFL's lust-for-money era.

Enraged fans who purchased tickets for the last Super Bowl, expecting to be
seated in comfort or maybe even luxury, arrived in Dallas, site of the game, to
discover that their seats, just installed in order to squeeze a few more bucks
for Cowboys' owner Jerry Jones, had been declared too risky to occupy. Those
fans ended up watching the game outdoors on giant TV screens in unpleasant
weather.

Lawsuits were filed but Jones and the NFL are trying to mollify the disgruntled
by offering all-expense paid trips to a future Super Bowl. The catch is that
most of the displaced fans were from the areas of the two contending teams,
Green Bay and Pittsburgh. There is no guarantee that a future Super Bowl will be
attractive enough to entice fans from Western Pennsylvania and Wisconsin.

Meanwhile the Greed Bowl, being hammered out by the NFL owners and their
players, may be decided, or maybe not, in time for a 2011 season. If not maybe
the pushover pols in Hawaii can arrange for a Pro Bowl pretend game, with all
expenses paid, of course.

Larry Felser, former News columnist, appears in Sunday's editions.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             754 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             755 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE -- A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to
accepting a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal
officials say may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public
official in an undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             756 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             757 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             758 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             759 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             760 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE -- A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to
accepting a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal
officials say may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public
official in an undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             761 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            November 5, 2013 Tuesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             762 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                           November 6, 2013 Wednesday

Ex-Moreno Valley councilman charged with accepting $2.36 million bribe

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 759 words


RIVERSIDE - A former Moreno Valley councilman plans to plead guilty to accepting
a $2.36 million bribe from an undercover officer, a sum federal officials say
may be the largest bribe in the nation accepted by a public official in an
undercover operation.

Marcelo Co, 64, was charged Tuesday with bribery and submitting a false
corporate tax return.

This type of unlawful conduct by Mr. Co undermines the very fabric of good
governance that we all hope and expect from our local officials,  said Riverside
County District Attorney Paul Zellerbach, during a news conference Tuesday at
the District Attorney s Office.  Let me say this to the good citizens of Moreno
Valley. They deserve better and they should demand better leadership than this.
In conclusion, I will not rest until all of the corruption has been eradicated
from Moreno Valley and the perpetrators have been brought to justice. The city
of Moreno Valley deserves nothing less.

In a complaint filed by the U.S. Attorney s Office, Co allegedly accepted bribes
in exchange for voting in favor of land-use decisions that would benefit a
businessman and an undercover FBI agent posing as a real estate broker.

Defendent Co abdicated his promise to the people by brazenly taking a series of
bribes in exchange for his influence on the City Council,  said Timothy Delaney,
FBI special agent in charge of the Los Angeles criminal division.  He used
confidential information, his vote on land zoning decisions as a bargaining
chip. He took his oath of office as seriously as if he were playing a game of
monopoly, rather than making decisions that truly benefit the citizens of Moreno
Valley.

Co served on the Moreno Valley City Council from November 2010 until he resigned
in August in the wake of welfare fraud charges being filed against him. That
case is unrelated to the bribery case, officials said.

The two charges filed Tuesday could send Co to federal prison for 13 years. The
tax return charge is unrelated to the bribery charge, officials said.

He is scheduled to appear in court on the federal charges next month.

According to the federal complaint filed Tuesday, Co met with a businessman, an
FBI informant, and a real estate broker, who was an undercover operative with
the FBI in the fall of 2012, to propose the sale of a 30-acre parcel of property
he owned, promising he would use his voting  control  on the City Council to
change the zoning of the property to increase the land value.

He proposed a purchase price of $5.36 million for the property, which was
appraised for $710,000, and said he would list a $3 million sale price on public
documents and accept $2.36 million in cash.

Co accepted the cash bribe during a meeting on Jan. 30, which was videotaped and
photographed.

Co also took $5,000 and $10,000 in campaign contributions from the operatives,
promising the money would be used to fund campaigns of councilmembers who would
vote with him on land use issues.

The case against Mr. Co is part of an ongoing investigation,  said U.S. Attorney
Andre Birotte Jr, at the news conference.  Mr. Co is the first person to be
charged in that investigation. No one else has been charged at this time nor
will I say if any other individual will be charged.

Authorities also served search warrants at the homes of Moreno Valley
councilmembers Jesse Molina, Victoria Baca, and Mayor Tom Owings, said John
Hall, spokesman for the Riverside County District Attorney s Office. Hall said
searches have also been conducted in the past year at city hall.

The case was investigated by the Inland Regional Corruption Task Force, which
includes personnel from numerous county and federal law enforcement agencies.
The group, led by the FBI, investigates corruption among Inland Empire public
officials.

The team has investigated cases such as corruption at the San Bernardino
International Airport Authority, a case that resulted in charges being filed
against former airport developer Scot Spencer.

It also investigated alleged corruption by former Upland City Manager Robb
Quincey, who has been charged with misappropriation of public funds and other
crimes. Other former Upland officials are tied to that case, including former
Upland Mayor John Pomierski, who was sentenced in August 2012 to two years in
federal prison on a bribery charge.

In an unrelated charge, Co admitted his corporation, Qwick Pack Systems,
received $112,098 of gross business receipts that were unreported on the
corporate tax return for the fiscal year 2010, according to the plea agreement
filed Tuesday in Federal court.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             763 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            January 17, 1999, Sunday

CITY TAKES DEAD AIM AT HEALTH DEPT. BRIBE SCAM

BYLINE: AL GUART

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 032

LENGTH: 634 words


City investigators are digging into charges that Health Department workers have
been demanding bribes from undertakers who want death certificates issued
speedily and hassle-free, The Post has learned.

The alleged scam involves a number of Health Department employees who work the
night shift at the 24-hour Vital Records Death Registration Bureau, according to
court documents and sources familiar with the investigation.

Sources said funeral directors fork over the bribes to avoid return trips to
Health Department headquarters at 125 Worth St. over real or imagined technical
problems raised by corrupt workers.

"Some who work for the City of New York want to have the wheel greased," one
local funeral director told The Post. "They can make things difficult and not do
their jobs fairly and accurately."

Some bribes are cash - as low as $20 for each death certificate - and others are
gifts such as bottles of liquor, the sources said.

Morticians need death certificates to conduct funerals and bury the deceased;
family members need them to collect on life-insurance policies and settle
estates.

"If you pay a $5 bribe or $500, it's still a bribe," said John Krtil, who runs a
long-established funeral home on the Upper East Side. "It makes the business
seem dirty.

"Who needs it, especially when your [state] license is at stake?" Krtil said.

Krtil said he applies for death certificates only during daytime business hours
when the Vital Records office is fully staffed and closely supervised.

"I'd rather deal with the No. 1 team during the day," Krtil said. "That
precludes any hanky-panky."

Industry sources said the Vital Records unit became ripe for corruption when it
closed its borough offices, centralized death-certificate processing in
Manhattan and expanded its hours of service.

The changes forced funeral parlors around the city to go to 125 Worth St. to get
death certificates - which many undertakers choose to do at night when traffic
is lighter and parking easier, sources said.

Allegations from an unnamed informant about under-the-table payments prompted
the city Department of Investigation to begin its probe last February, court
documents obtained by The Post reveal.

Based on the informant's claims, Health Department employee Michael Coleman of
The Bronx was charged with corruption two months later.

DOI claimed Coleman admitted taking bribes from funeral directors.

But Coleman, in a unlawful-arrest suit filed against the city in Manhattan
federal court, contends that DOI arrested him after he refused to take bribes,
tape-record the transactions and report daily to investigators.

The charges against him were dismissed last September after DOI failed to
provide evidence to back them up.

Coleman, who was fired last May and claims to have suffered psychological
trauma, is seeking damages and legal fees in his suit against the city.

The current investigation is not the first to center on Vital Statistics workers
and death certificates. In 1994, Health Department supervisor Delia Brown was
busted for taking nine bribes in an undercover sting.

Brown, a 20-year Health Department employee, pleaded guilty to accepting
unlawful gratuities and was sentenced to three years' probation.

In Brown's case, cash payments were paid to speed up the issuance of certified
or corrected copies of death certificates, which normally take from three weeks
to three months to process and cost $15 each. In exchange for the bribes, Brown
cut waiting time to within two days.

The city plans to bypass the corruption by instituting an electronic
death-certificate filing system sometime this year.


LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HIDDEN COST: Undertakers file forms at 125 Worth St., where some say
workers took cash and booze. NY Post: Spencer A. Burnett

           Copyright 1999 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             764 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Kentucky: VimpelCom Limited and Unitel LLC Enter into Global Foreign Bribery
Resolution of More Than $795 Million; United States Seeks $850 Million
Forfeiture in Corrupt Proceeds of Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 2038 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 Amsterdam-based VimpelCom Limited, the world's sixth-largest telecommunications
company and an issuer of publicly traded securities in the United States, and
its wholly owned Uzbek subsidiary, Unitel LLC, entered into resolutions with the
Department of Justice today in which they admitted to a conspiracy to make more
than $114 million in bribery payments to a government official in Uzbekistan
between 2006 and 2012 to enable them to enter and continue operating in the
Uzbek telecommunications market.





 In a related action, the department also filed a civil complaint today seeking
the forfeiture of more than $550 million held in Swiss bank accounts, which
constitute bribe payments made by VimpelCom and two separate telecommunications
companies, or funds involved in the laundering of those payments, to the Uzbek
official.  The forfeiture complaint follows an earlier civil complaint filed on
June 29, 2015, which seeks forfeiture of more than $300 million in bank and
investment accounts held in Belgium, Luxembourg and Ireland that also constitute
funds traceable to bribes, or funds involved in the laundering of the bribes,
paid by VimpelCom and another telecommunications company to the same Uzbek
official.



 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New
York, Chief Richard Weber of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI) and Special Agent in Charge Clark E. Settles of the U.S. Immigration
and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) Washington,
D.C., Field Office.



 "These cases combine a landmark FCPA resolution for corporate bribery with one
of the largest forfeiture actions we have ever brought to recover bribe proceeds
from a corrupt government official," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.
"The Criminal Division's FCPA enforcement program and our Kleptocracy Initiative
are two sides of the same anti-corruption coin.  The FCPA resolution in this
case is also one of the most significant coordinated international and
multi-agency resolutions in the history of the FCPA, and demonstrates our
commitment both to pursuing justice and to bringing about corporate reform."



 "Today we mark the resolution of criminal charges and civil proceedings against
corrupt corporate entities that made bribery a foundation of their business
model," said U.S. Attorney Bharara.  "As they have admitted in court filings,
VimpelCom, the world's sixth largest telecommunications company, with securities
traded in New York, and its subsidiary, Unitel, built their business in
Uzbekistan on over $114 million in bribes funneled to a government official.
Those payments, falsely recorded in the company's books and records, were then
laundered through bank accounts and assets around the world, including through
accounts in New York."



 "Today's admission of guilt by VimpelCom and Unitel to paying bribes to
government officials is a victory for all who fight corruption at all levels,"
said Chief Weber.  "It also demonstrates the skill and tenacity of IRS Criminal
Investigation special agents when it comes to delving underneath layers of
financial transactions designed to conceal illegal payments for gain.  The
global economy demands a level playing field for all.  When certain VimpelCom
and Unitel executives chose to use deception in order to continue this scheme
and take advantage of insider knowledge, they also chose to become criminals.
IRS-CI pledges to continue our efforts on the international stage to stop
corrupt financial schemes such as this one."



 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign officials," said
Special Agent in Charge Settles.  "We will not permit ill-gotten gains to be
laundered through U.S. financial markets."



 The Criminal Resolution



 In the criminal case, Unitel pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a one-count
criminal information filed today in the Southern District of New York and
assigned to U.S. District Judge Edgardo Ramos of the Southern District of New
York, charging the company with a conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery
provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA).



 VimpelCom entered into a deferred prosecution agreement in connection with a
criminal information charging the company with conspiracy to violate the
anti-bribery and books and records provisions of the FCPA, and a separate count
of violating the internal controls provisions of the FCPA.  Pursuant to its
agreement with the department, VimpelCom agreed to pay a total criminal penalty
of $230,163,199.20 to the United States, including $40 million in criminal
forfeiture.  VimpelCom also agreed to implement rigorous internal controls,
retain a compliance monitor for a term of three years and cooperate fully with
the department's ongoing investigation, including its investigation of
individuals.



 In related proceedings, VimpelCom settled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) and the Public Prosecution Service of the Netherlands (Openbaar
Ministrie, or OM).  Under the terms of its resolution with the SEC, VimpelCom
agreed to a total of $375 million in disgorgement of profits and prejudgment
interest, to be divided between the SEC and OM.  VimpelCom agreed to pay the OM
a criminal penalty of $230,163,199.20, for a total criminal penalty of
$460,326,398.40, and a total resolution amount of more than $835 million.  The
department agreed to credit the criminal penalty paid to the OM as part of its
agreement with the company.  The SEC agreed to credit the forfeiture paid to the
department as part of its agreement with the company.  Thus, the combined total
amount of U.S. and Dutch criminal and regulatory penalties paid by VimpelCom
will be $795,326,398.40, making it one of the largest global foreign bribery
resolutions ever.



 According to the companies' admissions, VimpelCom and Unitel, through various
executives and employees, paid bribes to an Uzbek government official, who was a
close relative of a high-ranking government official and had influence over the
Uzbek governmental body that regulated the telecom industry.  The companies
structured and concealed the bribes through various payments to a shell company
that certain VimpelCom and Unitel management knew was beneficially owned by the
foreign official.  The bribes were paid on multiple occasions between
approximately 2006 and 2012 so that VimpelCom could enter the Uzbek market and
Unitel could gain valuable telecom assets and continue operating in Uzbekistan.
VimpelCom and Unitel contemplated additional bribes in 2013, but those bribes
were not completed before VimpelCom opened an internal investigation.



 In addition, VimpelCom admitted that it falsified its books and records and
attempted to conceal and disguise the bribery scheme by classifying payments as
equity transactions, consulting and repudiation agreements and reseller
transactions.  VimpelCom also failed to implement and enforce adequate internal
accounting controls, which allowed the bribe payments to occur without detection
or remediation.  Moreover, when the board of directors sought an FCPA legal
opinion assessing corruption risks involved in the transactions, certain
VimpelCom management withheld crucial information from outside counsel
performing the review that restricted the scope of FCPA opinions, rendering them
worthless.  Rather than implement and enforce a strong anti-corruption ethic,
certain VimpelCom executives sought ways to give the company plausible
deniability of illegality while knowingly proceeding with corrupt business
transactions.



 A number of significant factors contributed to the department's criminal
resolution with the companies.  Among these, the companies received significant
credit for their prompt acknowledgement of wrongdoing after being informed of
the department's investigation, for their willingness to promptly resolve their
criminal liability on an expedited basis and for their extensive cooperation
with the department's investigation.  Specifically, the criminal penalty
reflects a 45 percent reduction off of the bottom of the U.S. Sentencing
Guidelines fine range.  However, the companies did not receive more significant
mitigation credit, either in the penalty or the form of resolution, because the
companies did not voluntarily self-disclose their misconduct to the department
after an internal investigation uncovered wrongdoing.



 The Forfeiture Complaints



 The department has also filed two civil complaints seeking a total of $850
million in forfeiture.  A complaint filed today seeks forfeiture of
approximately $550 million in proceeds of illegal bribes paid, or property
involved in the laundering of those payments, to the Uzbek official by VimpelCom
and two other telecommunications companies operating in Uzbekistan.  The $550
million is currently located in Swiss bank accounts.  The department also filed
a prior complaint seeking forfeiture of an additional $300 million in proceeds
of illegal bribes paid, or property involved in the laundering of those
payments, to the same Uzbek official.  The assets sought to be forfeited in that
complaint are restrained in Belgium, Luxembourg and Ireland.  In that case, on
Jan. 11, 2016, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
entered a partial default judgment against all potential claimants other than
the Republic of Uzbekistan.



 As alleged in the complaints and as is part of the criminal resolutions
announced today, the telecom companies paid a total of more than $800 million in
bribes so that the Uzbek official would assist VimpelCom and other
telecommunications companies in obtaining and retaining business in Uzbekistan.
Thereafter, the official's associates laundered the corruption proceeds through
accounts held in Latvia, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Ireland, Belgium,
Luxembourg and Switzerland.  The illicit funds were transmitted through
financial institutions in the United States before they were deposited into
accounts in these countries, thereby subjecting them to U.S. jurisdiction.



 The department brought these forfeiture actions under the Kleptocracy Asset
Recovery Initiative in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section (AFMLS), working in partnership with federal law enforcement
agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where
appropriate, to use those recovered assets to benefit the people harmed by
corruption and abuse of office.



 *          *          *



 These cases represent the department's commitment to both prosecute those who
pay bribes and to ensure that the corrupt government officials who receive the
bribes cannot use the U.S. financial system to launder their illicit gains.  The
IRS-CI and ICE-HSI are investigating the cases, along with the IRS Global
Illicit Financial Team in Washington, D.C.  Senior Litigation Counsel Nicola J.
Mrazek and Trial Attorney Ephraim Wernick of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Edward Imperatore of the Southern District
of New York are prosecuting the criminal case, with substantial assistance from
AFMLS.  AFMLS Trial Attorney Marie M. Dalton is prosecuting the forfeiture case
with substantial assistance from the Fraud Section.



 Law enforcement colleagues within the OM, the Swedish Prosecution Authority,
the Office of the Attorney General in Switzerland and the Corruption Prevention
and Combating Bureau in Latvia provided significant cooperation and assistance
in this matter.  Law enforcement colleagues in Belgium, France, Ireland,
Luxembourg and the United Kingdom have also provided valuable assistance.  The
Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs provided significant
assistance in this matter.  The SEC referred the matter to the department and
provided extensive cooperation and assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             765 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Kentucky: VimpelCom Limited and Unitel LLC Enter into Global Foreign Bribery
Resolution of More Than $795 Million; United States Seeks $850 Million
Forfeiture in Corrupt Proceeds of Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 2038 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 Amsterdam-based VimpelCom Limited, the world's sixth-largest telecommunications
company and an issuer of publicly traded securities in the United States, and
its wholly owned Uzbek subsidiary, Unitel LLC, entered into resolutions with the
Department of Justice today in which they admitted to a conspiracy to make more
than $114 million in bribery payments to a government official in Uzbekistan
between 2006 and 2012 to enable them to enter and continue operating in the
Uzbek telecommunications market.





 In a related action, the department also filed a civil complaint today seeking
the forfeiture of more than $550 million held in Swiss bank accounts, which
constitute bribe payments made by VimpelCom and two separate telecommunications
companies, or funds involved in the laundering of those payments, to the Uzbek
official.  The forfeiture complaint follows an earlier civil complaint filed on
June 29, 2015, which seeks forfeiture of more than $300 million in bank and
investment accounts held in Belgium, Luxembourg and Ireland that also constitute
funds traceable to bribes, or funds involved in the laundering of the bribes,
paid by VimpelCom and another telecommunications company to the same Uzbek
official.



 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New
York, Chief Richard Weber of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI) and Special Agent in Charge Clark E. Settles of the U.S. Immigration
and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) Washington,
D.C., Field Office.



 "These cases combine a landmark FCPA resolution for corporate bribery with one
of the largest forfeiture actions we have ever brought to recover bribe proceeds
from a corrupt government official," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.
"The Criminal Division's FCPA enforcement program and our Kleptocracy Initiative
are two sides of the same anti-corruption coin.  The FCPA resolution in this
case is also one of the most significant coordinated international and
multi-agency resolutions in the history of the FCPA, and demonstrates our
commitment both to pursuing justice and to bringing about corporate reform."



 "Today we mark the resolution of criminal charges and civil proceedings against
corrupt corporate entities that made bribery a foundation of their business
model," said U.S. Attorney Bharara.  "As they have admitted in court filings,
VimpelCom, the world's sixth largest telecommunications company, with securities
traded in New York, and its subsidiary, Unitel, built their business in
Uzbekistan on over $114 million in bribes funneled to a government official.
Those payments, falsely recorded in the company's books and records, were then
laundered through bank accounts and assets around the world, including through
accounts in New York."



 "Today's admission of guilt by VimpelCom and Unitel to paying bribes to
government officials is a victory for all who fight corruption at all levels,"
said Chief Weber.  "It also demonstrates the skill and tenacity of IRS Criminal
Investigation special agents when it comes to delving underneath layers of
financial transactions designed to conceal illegal payments for gain.  The
global economy demands a level playing field for all.  When certain VimpelCom
and Unitel executives chose to use deception in order to continue this scheme
and take advantage of insider knowledge, they also chose to become criminals.
IRS-CI pledges to continue our efforts on the international stage to stop
corrupt financial schemes such as this one."



 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign officials," said
Special Agent in Charge Settles.  "We will not permit ill-gotten gains to be
laundered through U.S. financial markets."



 The Criminal Resolution



 In the criminal case, Unitel pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a one-count
criminal information filed today in the Southern District of New York and
assigned to U.S. District Judge Edgardo Ramos of the Southern District of New
York, charging the company with a conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery
provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA).



 VimpelCom entered into a deferred prosecution agreement in connection with a
criminal information charging the company with conspiracy to violate the
anti-bribery and books and records provisions of the FCPA, and a separate count
of violating the internal controls provisions of the FCPA.  Pursuant to its
agreement with the department, VimpelCom agreed to pay a total criminal penalty
of $230,163,199.20 to the United States, including $40 million in criminal
forfeiture.  VimpelCom also agreed to implement rigorous internal controls,
retain a compliance monitor for a term of three years and cooperate fully with
the department's ongoing investigation, including its investigation of
individuals.



 In related proceedings, VimpelCom settled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) and the Public Prosecution Service of the Netherlands (Openbaar
Ministrie, or OM).  Under the terms of its resolution with the SEC, VimpelCom
agreed to a total of $375 million in disgorgement of profits and prejudgment
interest, to be divided between the SEC and OM.  VimpelCom agreed to pay the OM
a criminal penalty of $230,163,199.20, for a total criminal penalty of
$460,326,398.40, and a total resolution amount of more than $835 million.  The
department agreed to credit the criminal penalty paid to the OM as part of its
agreement with the company.  The SEC agreed to credit the forfeiture paid to the
department as part of its agreement with the company.  Thus, the combined total
amount of U.S. and Dutch criminal and regulatory penalties paid by VimpelCom
will be $795,326,398.40, making it one of the largest global foreign bribery
resolutions ever.



 According to the companies' admissions, VimpelCom and Unitel, through various
executives and employees, paid bribes to an Uzbek government official, who was a
close relative of a high-ranking government official and had influence over the
Uzbek governmental body that regulated the telecom industry.  The companies
structured and concealed the bribes through various payments to a shell company
that certain VimpelCom and Unitel management knew was beneficially owned by the
foreign official.  The bribes were paid on multiple occasions between
approximately 2006 and 2012 so that VimpelCom could enter the Uzbek market and
Unitel could gain valuable telecom assets and continue operating in Uzbekistan.
VimpelCom and Unitel contemplated additional bribes in 2013, but those bribes
were not completed before VimpelCom opened an internal investigation.



 In addition, VimpelCom admitted that it falsified its books and records and
attempted to conceal and disguise the bribery scheme by classifying payments as
equity transactions, consulting and repudiation agreements and reseller
transactions.  VimpelCom also failed to implement and enforce adequate internal
accounting controls, which allowed the bribe payments to occur without detection
or remediation.  Moreover, when the board of directors sought an FCPA legal
opinion assessing corruption risks involved in the transactions, certain
VimpelCom management withheld crucial information from outside counsel
performing the review that restricted the scope of FCPA opinions, rendering them
worthless.  Rather than implement and enforce a strong anti-corruption ethic,
certain VimpelCom executives sought ways to give the company plausible
deniability of illegality while knowingly proceeding with corrupt business
transactions.



 A number of significant factors contributed to the department's criminal
resolution with the companies.  Among these, the companies received significant
credit for their prompt acknowledgement of wrongdoing after being informed of
the department's investigation, for their willingness to promptly resolve their
criminal liability on an expedited basis and for their extensive cooperation
with the department's investigation.  Specifically, the criminal penalty
reflects a 45 percent reduction off of the bottom of the U.S. Sentencing
Guidelines fine range.  However, the companies did not receive more significant
mitigation credit, either in the penalty or the form of resolution, because the
companies did not voluntarily self-disclose their misconduct to the department
after an internal investigation uncovered wrongdoing.



 The Forfeiture Complaints



 The department has also filed two civil complaints seeking a total of $850
million in forfeiture.  A complaint filed today seeks forfeiture of
approximately $550 million in proceeds of illegal bribes paid, or property
involved in the laundering of those payments, to the Uzbek official by VimpelCom
and two other telecommunications companies operating in Uzbekistan.  The $550
million is currently located in Swiss bank accounts.  The department also filed
a prior complaint seeking forfeiture of an additional $300 million in proceeds
of illegal bribes paid, or property involved in the laundering of those
payments, to the same Uzbek official.  The assets sought to be forfeited in that
complaint are restrained in Belgium, Luxembourg and Ireland.  In that case, on
Jan. 11, 2016, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
entered a partial default judgment against all potential claimants other than
the Republic of Uzbekistan.



 As alleged in the complaints and as is part of the criminal resolutions
announced today, the telecom companies paid a total of more than $800 million in
bribes so that the Uzbek official would assist VimpelCom and other
telecommunications companies in obtaining and retaining business in Uzbekistan.
Thereafter, the official's associates laundered the corruption proceeds through
accounts held in Latvia, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Ireland, Belgium,
Luxembourg and Switzerland.  The illicit funds were transmitted through
financial institutions in the United States before they were deposited into
accounts in these countries, thereby subjecting them to U.S. jurisdiction.



 The department brought these forfeiture actions under the Kleptocracy Asset
Recovery Initiative in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section (AFMLS), working in partnership with federal law enforcement
agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where
appropriate, to use those recovered assets to benefit the people harmed by
corruption and abuse of office.



 *          *          *



 These cases represent the department's commitment to both prosecute those who
pay bribes and to ensure that the corrupt government officials who receive the
bribes cannot use the U.S. financial system to launder their illicit gains.  The
IRS-CI and ICE-HSI are investigating the cases, along with the IRS Global
Illicit Financial Team in Washington, D.C.  Senior Litigation Counsel Nicola J.
Mrazek and Trial Attorney Ephraim Wernick of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Edward Imperatore of the Southern District
of New York are prosecuting the criminal case, with substantial assistance from
AFMLS.  AFMLS Trial Attorney Marie M. Dalton is prosecuting the forfeiture case
with substantial assistance from the Fraud Section.



 Law enforcement colleagues within the OM, the Swedish Prosecution Authority,
the Office of the Attorney General in Switzerland and the Corruption Prevention
and Combating Bureau in Latvia provided significant cooperation and assistance
in this matter.  Law enforcement colleagues in Belgium, France, Ireland,
Luxembourg and the United Kingdom have also provided valuable assistance.  The
Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs provided significant
assistance in this matter.  The SEC referred the matter to the department and
provided extensive cooperation and assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             766 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 18, 2016 Thursday

Kentucky: VimpelCom Limited and Unitel LLC Enter into Global Foreign Bribery
Resolution of More Than $795 Million; United States Seeks $850 Million
Forfeiture in Corrupt Proceeds of Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 2038 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Frankfort: United States Department of Justice, The State of Kentucky has
issued the following news release:



 Amsterdam-based VimpelCom Limited, the world's sixth-largest telecommunications
company and an issuer of publicly traded securities in the United States, and
its wholly owned Uzbek subsidiary, Unitel LLC, entered into resolutions with the
Department of Justice today in which they admitted to a conspiracy to make more
than $114 million in bribery payments to a government official in Uzbekistan
between 2006 and 2012 to enable them to enter and continue operating in the
Uzbek telecommunications market.





 In a related action, the department also filed a civil complaint today seeking
the forfeiture of more than $550 million held in Swiss bank accounts, which
constitute bribe payments made by VimpelCom and two separate telecommunications
companies, or funds involved in the laundering of those payments, to the Uzbek
official.  The forfeiture complaint follows an earlier civil complaint filed on
June 29, 2015, which seeks forfeiture of more than $300 million in bank and
investment accounts held in Belgium, Luxembourg and Ireland that also constitute
funds traceable to bribes, or funds involved in the laundering of the bribes,
paid by VimpelCom and another telecommunications company to the same Uzbek
official.



 Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara of the Southern District of New
York, Chief Richard Weber of Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation
(IRS-CI) and Special Agent in Charge Clark E. Settles of the U.S. Immigration
and Customs Enforcement's Homeland Security Investigations (ICE-HSI) Washington,
D.C., Field Office.



 "These cases combine a landmark FCPA resolution for corporate bribery with one
of the largest forfeiture actions we have ever brought to recover bribe proceeds
from a corrupt government official," said Assistant Attorney General Caldwell.
"The Criminal Division's FCPA enforcement program and our Kleptocracy Initiative
are two sides of the same anti-corruption coin.  The FCPA resolution in this
case is also one of the most significant coordinated international and
multi-agency resolutions in the history of the FCPA, and demonstrates our
commitment both to pursuing justice and to bringing about corporate reform."



 "Today we mark the resolution of criminal charges and civil proceedings against
corrupt corporate entities that made bribery a foundation of their business
model," said U.S. Attorney Bharara.  "As they have admitted in court filings,
VimpelCom, the world's sixth largest telecommunications company, with securities
traded in New York, and its subsidiary, Unitel, built their business in
Uzbekistan on over $114 million in bribes funneled to a government official.
Those payments, falsely recorded in the company's books and records, were then
laundered through bank accounts and assets around the world, including through
accounts in New York."



 "Today's admission of guilt by VimpelCom and Unitel to paying bribes to
government officials is a victory for all who fight corruption at all levels,"
said Chief Weber.  "It also demonstrates the skill and tenacity of IRS Criminal
Investigation special agents when it comes to delving underneath layers of
financial transactions designed to conceal illegal payments for gain.  The
global economy demands a level playing field for all.  When certain VimpelCom
and Unitel executives chose to use deception in order to continue this scheme
and take advantage of insider knowledge, they also chose to become criminals.
IRS-CI pledges to continue our efforts on the international stage to stop
corrupt financial schemes such as this one."



 "HSI special agents and our law enforcement partners will continue to
investigate financial crimes committed by corrupt foreign officials," said
Special Agent in Charge Settles.  "We will not permit ill-gotten gains to be
laundered through U.S. financial markets."



 The Criminal Resolution



 In the criminal case, Unitel pleaded guilty and was sentenced to a one-count
criminal information filed today in the Southern District of New York and
assigned to U.S. District Judge Edgardo Ramos of the Southern District of New
York, charging the company with a conspiracy to violate the anti-bribery
provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA).



 VimpelCom entered into a deferred prosecution agreement in connection with a
criminal information charging the company with conspiracy to violate the
anti-bribery and books and records provisions of the FCPA, and a separate count
of violating the internal controls provisions of the FCPA.  Pursuant to its
agreement with the department, VimpelCom agreed to pay a total criminal penalty
of $230,163,199.20 to the United States, including $40 million in criminal
forfeiture.  VimpelCom also agreed to implement rigorous internal controls,
retain a compliance monitor for a term of three years and cooperate fully with
the department's ongoing investigation, including its investigation of
individuals.



 In related proceedings, VimpelCom settled with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission (SEC) and the Public Prosecution Service of the Netherlands (Openbaar
Ministrie, or OM).  Under the terms of its resolution with the SEC, VimpelCom
agreed to a total of $375 million in disgorgement of profits and prejudgment
interest, to be divided between the SEC and OM.  VimpelCom agreed to pay the OM
a criminal penalty of $230,163,199.20, for a total criminal penalty of
$460,326,398.40, and a total resolution amount of more than $835 million.  The
department agreed to credit the criminal penalty paid to the OM as part of its
agreement with the company.  The SEC agreed to credit the forfeiture paid to the
department as part of its agreement with the company.  Thus, the combined total
amount of U.S. and Dutch criminal and regulatory penalties paid by VimpelCom
will be $795,326,398.40, making it one of the largest global foreign bribery
resolutions ever.



 According to the companies' admissions, VimpelCom and Unitel, through various
executives and employees, paid bribes to an Uzbek government official, who was a
close relative of a high-ranking government official and had influence over the
Uzbek governmental body that regulated the telecom industry.  The companies
structured and concealed the bribes through various payments to a shell company
that certain VimpelCom and Unitel management knew was beneficially owned by the
foreign official.  The bribes were paid on multiple occasions between
approximately 2006 and 2012 so that VimpelCom could enter the Uzbek market and
Unitel could gain valuable telecom assets and continue operating in Uzbekistan.
VimpelCom and Unitel contemplated additional bribes in 2013, but those bribes
were not completed before VimpelCom opened an internal investigation.



 In addition, VimpelCom admitted that it falsified its books and records and
attempted to conceal and disguise the bribery scheme by classifying payments as
equity transactions, consulting and repudiation agreements and reseller
transactions.  VimpelCom also failed to implement and enforce adequate internal
accounting controls, which allowed the bribe payments to occur without detection
or remediation.  Moreover, when the board of directors sought an FCPA legal
opinion assessing corruption risks involved in the transactions, certain
VimpelCom management withheld crucial information from outside counsel
performing the review that restricted the scope of FCPA opinions, rendering them
worthless.  Rather than implement and enforce a strong anti-corruption ethic,
certain VimpelCom executives sought ways to give the company plausible
deniability of illegality while knowingly proceeding with corrupt business
transactions.



 A number of significant factors contributed to the department's criminal
resolution with the companies.  Among these, the companies received significant
credit for their prompt acknowledgement of wrongdoing after being informed of
the department's investigation, for their willingness to promptly resolve their
criminal liability on an expedited basis and for their extensive cooperation
with the department's investigation.  Specifically, the criminal penalty
reflects a 45 percent reduction off of the bottom of the U.S. Sentencing
Guidelines fine range.  However, the companies did not receive more significant
mitigation credit, either in the penalty or the form of resolution, because the
companies did not voluntarily self-disclose their misconduct to the department
after an internal investigation uncovered wrongdoing.



 The Forfeiture Complaints



 The department has also filed two civil complaints seeking a total of $850
million in forfeiture.  A complaint filed today seeks forfeiture of
approximately $550 million in proceeds of illegal bribes paid, or property
involved in the laundering of those payments, to the Uzbek official by VimpelCom
and two other telecommunications companies operating in Uzbekistan.  The $550
million is currently located in Swiss bank accounts.  The department also filed
a prior complaint seeking forfeiture of an additional $300 million in proceeds
of illegal bribes paid, or property involved in the laundering of those
payments, to the same Uzbek official.  The assets sought to be forfeited in that
complaint are restrained in Belgium, Luxembourg and Ireland.  In that case, on
Jan. 11, 2016, the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York
entered a partial default judgment against all potential claimants other than
the Republic of Uzbekistan.



 As alleged in the complaints and as is part of the criminal resolutions
announced today, the telecom companies paid a total of more than $800 million in
bribes so that the Uzbek official would assist VimpelCom and other
telecommunications companies in obtaining and retaining business in Uzbekistan.
Thereafter, the official's associates laundered the corruption proceeds through
accounts held in Latvia, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Ireland, Belgium,
Luxembourg and Switzerland.  The illicit funds were transmitted through
financial institutions in the United States before they were deposited into
accounts in these countries, thereby subjecting them to U.S. jurisdiction.



 The department brought these forfeiture actions under the Kleptocracy Asset
Recovery Initiative in the Criminal Division's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Section (AFMLS), working in partnership with federal law enforcement
agencies to forfeit the proceeds of foreign official corruption and, where
appropriate, to use those recovered assets to benefit the people harmed by
corruption and abuse of office.



 *          *          *



 These cases represent the department's commitment to both prosecute those who
pay bribes and to ensure that the corrupt government officials who receive the
bribes cannot use the U.S. financial system to launder their illicit gains.  The
IRS-CI and ICE-HSI are investigating the cases, along with the IRS Global
Illicit Financial Team in Washington, D.C.  Senior Litigation Counsel Nicola J.
Mrazek and Trial Attorney Ephraim Wernick of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney Edward Imperatore of the Southern District
of New York are prosecuting the criminal case, with substantial assistance from
AFMLS.  AFMLS Trial Attorney Marie M. Dalton is prosecuting the forfeiture case
with substantial assistance from the Fraud Section.



 Law enforcement colleagues within the OM, the Swedish Prosecution Authority,
the Office of the Attorney General in Switzerland and the Corruption Prevention
and Combating Bureau in Latvia provided significant cooperation and assistance
in this matter.  Law enforcement colleagues in Belgium, France, Ireland,
Luxembourg and the United Kingdom have also provided valuable assistance.  The
Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs provided significant
assistance in this matter.  The SEC referred the matter to the department and
provided extensive cooperation and assistance.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             767 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            April 11, 2007 Wednesday

Did ex-cop try to bribe Oakland city planner?

BYLINE: By Heather MacDonald, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 538 words


OAKLAND -- Federal officials are investigating whether a disgraced former San
Francisco police officer tried to bribe a senior city planner, law enforcement
sources said Tuesday.

Arkady Zlobinsky of San Francisco is suspected of trying to bribe Eric Angstadt,
strategic planning manager for the city of Oakland, with an envelope full of
$100 bills April 2 over lunch at a Vietnamese restaurant on City Hall Plaza,
authorities said.

Zlobinsky, 35, who resigned from the San Francisco Police Department last year
before pleading no contest to charges he gave teenage girls alcohol while on
duty, said by phone Tuesday that the claims were completely untrue before
denying he had lunch with Angstadt and hanging up.

A spokeswoman for the FBIs San Francisco office said she could neither confirm
nor deny that Zlobinsky was being investigated, citing department policy.

Zlobinsky has not been arrested or charged in the case, originally reported to
police.

An eight-year veteran of the San Francisco Police Department, Zlobinsky was
charged with giving vodka, beer and illegal fireworks to three teenage girls,
one of whom he met in a liquor store and urged to date his partner.

Zlobinsky, a former Taraval district officer, also faced departmental discipline
charges for failing to arrest a domestic violence suspect for violating a
restraining order in 2004 and was disciplined a year earlier for picking up
women at a party and driving them around on patrol.

Angstadt declined to discuss Zlobinsky. Karen Boyd, a city spokeswoman, also
declined to comment.

Zlobinsky and Angstadt had lunch to discuss a proposal from Zlobinskys company
-- AZ Land Development Corp. -- to redevelop blighted properties in Oakland.

Before Zlobinsky handed Angstadt a binder of development proposals, he slipped
in a bank envelope containing several $100 bills, believed to total more than
$1,000, law enforcement sources said.

Angstadt took the envelope out of the binder, telling Zlobinsky he would not
accept the money, but promising to forward his proposal to the appropriate
people.

Zlobinsky apparently presented the same proposal to another planner a year ago,
but nothing came of them.

The money was just a thank you, Zlobinsky told Angstadt, and was not trying to
entrap him as part of a larger investigation. Zlobinsky then made a call from
his cell phone, saying only operation Angstadt is off, according to law
enforcement sources.

City records reflect two pending applications from Zlobinsky, both to build new
homes in West Oakland, and several completed projects.

Another planner told authorities Zlobinsky gave him a bottle of liquor after
working with him on another project in West Oakland. Zlobinsky was told to take
back the gift, law enforcement sources said.

For seven months, federal authorities have been quietly investigating whether
city officials traded contracts for favors. Patti Hansen, a spokeswoman for the
FBI, said there was nothing new to report on the investigation.

The investigation was sparked by the arrest of Maurice Himy, a San Rafael man
with close ties to several current and former city officials. Himy is due back
in court April 18 to hear whether prosecutors will pursue extortion charges
after their key witness died.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             768 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Townsville Bulletin (Australia)

                            October 6, 2011 Thursday
                                  1 - Edition

world snapshot speed read

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 343  words


Tutu slams visa dispute

ARCHBISHOP Desmond Tutu Tuesday blasted South Africa's government as
``disgraceful'' and worse than the apartheid regime in a dispute over a visa for
the Dalai Lama. He also accused it of caving in to Chinese pressure and said he
may pray for the party's downfall. Anti-apartheid crusader Tutu had invited his
friend and fellow Nobel Peace laureate to give an inaugural peace lecture as
part of Tutu's 80th birthday celebrations in Cape Town this week. But the Dalai
Lama's office said the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader, who was due to leave for
South Africa on Thursday, has cancelled the trip because he had not yet received
a visa. In response, Tutu called a news conference and lambasted President Jacob
Zuma, warning he may pray for the downfall of the ruling African National
Congress as he did for the white minority regime.

Aussie's guilty bribe plea

AUSTRALIAN Neil Campbell has pleaded guilty to accepting bribes for steering
US-funded contracts in Afghanistan. The US Justice Department said Campbell, 61,
from Mooloolaba on the Sunshine Coast, pleaded guilty in a federal court in
Washington DC to one count of accepting a $US10,000 ($A10,500) bribe as an agent
of an organisation receiving federal funds. Campbell worked in Afghanistan in
2009-2010 as an agent for the International Organisation on Migration, a group
that has received more than $US260 million in US funds since 2002 to build
hospitals, schools and other facilities.

Hand caught in cookie jar

THE former finance director for the Girl Scout Council of Greater New York was
busted Tuesday on charges she embezzled $310,000 over the course of two years.
Yaasmin Hooey, 35, of Manhattan, stole the money by cashing or depositing into
her personal bank account a series of 65 checks written off the Girl Scout
payroll account, according to the indictment against her. Each time, she would
forge the signature of council bigwigs, prosecutors say. Then she would splurge
on such perks as a lesbian cruise with her girlfriend, according to one law
enforcement source.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BUL


                   Copyright 2011 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             769 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 4, 1987, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

CABLE EXECUTIVE SAYS CONSULTANT SOLICITED A BRIBE

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 447 words


A cable television executive testified yesterday that a public relations
consultant close to Donald R. Manes had told him that his company could receive
a Queens franchise ''for $250,000 payable to'' Mr. Manes, then the Borough
President.

The executive, Al Simon, president of Orth-O-Vision Inc., said the consultant,
Michael A. Nussbaum, told him the bribe money could ''be placed in a paper bag
or an attache case, or placed in a locker or Swiss bank account.'' Mr. Simon
said he turned down the deal.

Mr. Simon testified in State Supreme Court in Queens in the trial of Mr.
Nussbaum, who is accused of acting ''in concert'' with Mr. Manes to solicit a
$250,000 bribe from Mr. Simon in 1981. Orth-O-Vision was then competing for a
cable franchise in Queens, a bid in which it ultimately failed.

The trial is the latest stemming from the New York City corruption scandals,
which led Mr. Manes to commit suicide last year as he was implicated as a key
figure in bribery schemes.

Mr. Nussbaum has denied that he solicited a bribe, and under questioning by a
defense lawyer yesterday, Mr. Simon acknowledged that he had not told anybody,
including his wife or his lawyer, about the purported bribe request for five
years - until last year.

'Dead and Buried'

It was then, Mr. Simon said, that he told the office of District Attorney John
J. Santucci, which sought his cooperation in a general investigation into the
cable franchising process in Queens.

''Isn't the fact that Donald Manes is dead and buried and can't deny it the
reason why you came foward now?'' Mr. Nussbaum's lawyer, Stanley Arkin, said.

''I still would not have come forward if the District Attorney's office had not
contacted me,'' Mr. Simon replied.

Earlier, under questioning by Paul Pickelle, an assistant district attorney, Mr.
Simon said he hired Mr. Nussbaum in 1980 to do public relations and other work
for him. He said that others seeking a Queens franchise were engaging
''well-connected people'' and that parties, whom he did not identify, had told
him that Mr. Nussbaum met his criteria for someone who was ''knowledgeable, who
knew Donald Manes.''

Mr. Simon said Mr. Nussbaum told him during a walk they took near Mr. Simon's
Long Island City office that it would cost $250,000 to get the franchise.

Mr. Arkin, who told the jury last week that Mr. Simon made up the bribe story
out of resentment over not being granted a Queens franchise, sought to reinforce
this argument yesterday.

''And you are angry, right?'' Mr. Arkin said of Mr. Simon's reaction to the city
rejecting his company's bid. ''Disappointed,'' the witness said.  ''And you are
bitter, right?''

''Disappointed.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             770 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 16, 2004 Monday

BRUNO OKS EXTRA 10G FOR JAILBIRD VELELLA

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER  State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 494 words


ALBANY - Disgraced former Bronx state Sen. Guy Velella got an extra $10,000
sweetheart "lulu" payment late last week - even though he's serving a year on
Rikers Island for soliciting a bribe, The Post has learned.

The jailhouse bonus was quietly approved by Senate Majority Leader Joseph Bruno
(R-Rensselaer), who repeatedly claimed - before Velella admitted his guilt -
that Manhattan DA Robert Morgenthau was prosecuting Velella for political
reasons.

Velella, the former Bronx GOP chairman, received $20,625, or 75 percent of the
annual $27,500 lulu - or special stipend - for serving as deputy majority
leader.

Velella resigned in disgrace May 14, just 37 percent into the calendar year.
This halted his annual $79,500 salary - and also made him eligible to receive
only $10,175 of the $27,500 lulu.

But instead, he got $20,625.

Bruno spokesman John McArdle explained the extra $10,000 payment "was consistent
with what was paid to other members" after lawmakers - who hadn't received their
salaries since April 1 - completed work on a new budget last week.

However, all the other senators receiving payments are still in the Senate and
on the state payroll, and none of them have pleaded guilty to soliciting bribes.

McArdle said he didn't know if the special lulu payment was sent to Velella at
Rikers Island or to another address.

Velella was sentenced to a year in jail in a deal with prosecutors under which
he pleaded guilty to a single felony of soliciting bribes.

Velella, his ailing 90-year-old father, Vincent, and two others were originally
charged in May 2002 in a 25-count indictment that alleged he had accepted at
least $137,000 for steering public-works contracts to people who paid bribes.

Prosecutors said the bribes were paid through two law firms controlled by the
Velellas.

Though Velella at least temporarily lost his law license as a result of the
plea, he was still permitted to receive a state pension of about $80,000 a year
- which he is believed to be collecting at Rikers.

As part of the deal, influence-peddling charges were dropped against Velella's
dad.

The former senator was not charged with taking any money directly.

Instead, he would use intermediaries to instruct favor-seeking contractors to
hire the father and son's Bronx law firms, or make donations that totaled
$60,000 to the Republican state campaign coffers.

After the fees were paid, Velella would then lean on his network of cronies -
alternately threatening jobs and calling in favors - to grease the wheels of
state on the contractors' behalf, prosecutors charged.

Crime pays

What Guy Velella got while in prison:

Special stipend he was entitled to as deputy majority leader: $10,175

Special stipend he just received: $20,625

Charge against him: Felony conspiracy to commit bribery

What he did: Landed at least $137,000 in bribes to steer public-works contracts

His jail stint: One year at Rikers Island, starting this past June

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GUY VELELLA. (NY Post: Bolivar Arellano)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             771 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            April 11, 2007 Wednesday

Feds investigating attempted bribe in S.F.

BYLINE: By Heather MacDonald, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: ARGUS

LENGTH: 557 words


OAKLAND -- Federal officials are investigating whether a disgraced former San
Francisco police officer tried to bribe a senior city planner, law enforcement
sources said Tuesday.

Arkady Zlobinsky of San Francisco is suspected of trying to bribe Eric Angstadt,
strategic planning manager for the city of Oakland, with an envelope full of
$100 bills April 2 over lunch at a Vietnamese restaurant on City Hall Plaza,
authorities said.

Zlobinsky, 35, who resigned from the San Francisco Police Department last year
before pleading no contest to charges he gave teenage girls alcohol while on
duty, said by phone Tuesday that the claims were "completely untrue" before
denying he had lunch with Angstadt and hanging up.

A spokeswoman for the FBI's San Francisco office said she could neither confirm
nor deny that Zlobinsky was being investigated, citing department policy.

Zlobinsky has not been arrested or charged in the case, which originally was
reported to Oakland police.

An eight-year veteran of the San Francisco Police Department, Zlobinsky was
charged with giving vodka, beer and illegal fireworks to three teenage girls,
one of whom he met in a liquor store and urged to date his partner, officials
said.

Zlobinsky, a former Taraval district officer, also faced departmental discipline
charges for failing to arrest a domestic violence suspect for violating a
restraining order in 2004 and was disciplined a year earlier for picking up
women at a party and driving them around while he was on patrol.

Angstadt declined to discuss Zlobinsky.

Karen Boyd, a city spokeswoman, also declined to comment.

Zlobinsky and Angstadt had lunch to discuss a proposal from Zlobinsky's company
-- AZ Land Development Corp. -- to redevelop blighted properties in Oakland.

Before Zlobinsky handed Angstadt a binder of development proposals, he slipped
in a bank envelope containing several $100 bills, believed to total more than
$1,000, law enforcement sources said.

Angstadt took the envelope out of the binder, telling Zlobinsky he would not
accept the money, but promising to forward his proposal to the appropriate
people.

Zlobinsky apparently presented the same proposals to another planner a year ago,
but nothing ever came of them.

The money was "just a thank you," Zlobinsky told Angstadt, and was not trying to
entrap him as part of a larger investigation. Zlobinsky then made a call from
his cell phone, saying only "operation Angstadt is off," according to law
enforcement sources.

City records reflect two pending applications from Zlobinsky, both to build new
homes in West Oakland, and several completed projects.

Another planner told authorities Zlobinsky gave him a bottle of liquor after
working with him on another project in West Oakland. Zlobinsky was told to take
back the gift, law enforcement sources said.

For seven months, federal authorities have been quietly investigating whether
city officials traded contracts for favors. Patti Hansen, a spokeswoman for the
FBI, said there was nothing new to report on the investigation.

The investigation was sparked by the arrest of Maurice Himy, a San Rafael man
with close ties to several current and former city officials. Himy is due back
in court April 18 to hear whether prosecutors will pursue extortion charges
after their key witness died.

E-mail Heather MacDonald at hmacdonald@oaklandtribune.com

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             772 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            April 11, 2007 Wednesday

Did ex-cop attempt to bribe city planner?

BYLINE: By Heather MacDonald, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 542 words


OAKLAND -- Federal officials are investigating whether a disgraced former San
Francisco police officer tried to bribe a senior city planner, law enforcement
sources said Tuesday.

Arkady Zlobinsky of San Francisco is suspected of trying to bribe Eric Angstadt,
strategic planning manager for the city of Oakland, with an envelope full of
$100 bills April 2 over lunch at a Vietnamese restaurant in City Hall Plaza,
authorities said.

Zlobinsky, 35, who resigned from the San Francisco Police Department last year
before pleading no contest to charges he gave teenage girls alcohol while on
duty, said by phone Tuesday that the claims were "completely untrue" before
denying he had lunch with Angstadt and hanging up.

A spokeswoman for the FBI's San Francisco office said she could neither confirm
nor deny that Zlobinsky was being investigated, citing department policy.

Zlobinsky has not been arrested or charged in the case, originally reported to
Oakland police.

An eight-year veteran of the San Francisco Police Department, Zlobinsky was
charged withgiving vodka, beer and illegal fireworks to three teenage girls, one
of whom he met in a liquor store and urged to date his partner.

Zlobinsky, a former Taraval district officer, also faced departmental discipline
charges for failing to arrest a domestic violence suspect for violating a
restraining order in 2004 and was disciplined a year earlier for picking up
women at a party and driving them around on patrol.

Angstadt declined to discuss Zlobinsky.

Karen Boyd, a city spokeswoman, also declined to comment.

Zlobinsky and Angstadt allegedly had lunch to discuss a proposal from
Zlobinsky's company -- AZ Land Development Corp. -- to redevelop blighted
properties in Oakland.

Before Zlobinsky handed Angstadt a binder of development proposals, he slipped
in a bank envelope containing several $100 bills, believed to total more than
$1,000, law enforcement sources said.

Angstadt took the envelope out of the binder, telling Zlobinsky he would not
accept the money, but promising to forward his proposal to the appropriate
people.

Zlobinsky apparently presented the same proposals to another planner a year ago,
but nothing came of them.

The money was "just a thank you," Zlobinsky told Angstadt, and was not trying to
entrap him as part of a larger investigation. Zlobinsky then made a call from
his cell phone, saying only "operation Angstadt is off," according to law
enforcement sources.

City records reflect two pending applications from Zlobinsky, both to build new
homes in West Oakland, and several completed projects.

Another planner told authorities Zlobinsky gave him a bottle of liquor after
working with him on another project in West Oakland. Zlobinsky was told to take
back the gift, law enforcement sources said.

For seven months, federal authorities have been quietly investigating whether
city officials traded contracts for favors. Patti Hansen, a spokeswoman for the
FBI, said there was nothing new to report on the investigation.

The investigation was sparked by the arrest of Maurice Himy, a San Rafael man
with close ties to several current and former city officials. Himy is due back
in court April 18 to hear whether prosecutors will pursue extortion charges
after their key witness died.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                             773 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            June 13, 1974, Thursday

BYLINE: BY JUDITH CUMMINGS

SECTION: Page 47, Column 7

LENGTH: 177 words

Massive Econ Neighborhood Development (East Harlem) Exec Dir William Del Toro
and real estate broker William Kaufman have been convicted of conspiracy to
defraud Fed Govt for their part in $70,000 bribe scheme involving almost
$2-million in Model Cities contracts.  Conviction closes Govt's case against 8
persons in what NYC Investigation Comr Nicholas Scoppetta has called largest
bribe scheme involving city officials.  2 men have been convicted of offering
$15,000 bribe to Harlem-East Harlem Model Cities Deputy Dir Pedro Morales in
return for approval of $1-million lease on bldg owned by Acme Hamilton Mfg,
whose part in bribe was represented by co pres asst Ralph Ruocco.  Morales and
Ruocco earlier pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges.  Judge Whitman Knapp sets
sentencing date for Del Toro for July 24.  Other persons who were indicted in
case are Harlem-East Harlem Model Cities Acting Dir John Sanders, office's
sanitation coordinator Kingdon DeWitt, Caveman Construction Co pres Andrew
Storms and Raskin's Carpet Inc owner Anthony Loschiavo (M).

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: 164-7

              Copyright 1974 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             774 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 12, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

THE REGION ;
'C.S.-1' NabsG.S.A. Deputy

BYLINE: By Alan Finder

SECTION: Section 4; Page 6, Column 2; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 222 words


The deputy director of the regional office of the Federal agency that obtains
supplies for other Federal agencies was charged last week with taking $64,000 in
bribes from a private supplier. United States Attorney Raymond J. Dearie said
that the bribes, paid by a manufacturer identified only as ''C.S.-1'' or
''Confidential Source-1,'' went to Edward H. Wyatt Jr., deputy regional
administrator of the General Services Administration, in exchange for making the
businessman's dealings with the government ''hassle-free.''

The bribes did not appear to involve efforts to rig bids on contracts, Mr.
Dearie said, but were paid to insure that no questions were raised about the
quality and quantity of the product sold by the businessman to the government.
Law enforcement officials, who said the contractor was cooperating with them,
would not disclose what product he manufactured. Federal agents said they
videotaped a meeting in Manhattan between Mr. Wyatt and the contractor and then
arrested the Federal official after he accepted a $4,000 bribe.

Mr. Wyatt was named in February to his $61,292-a-year post at the G.S.A., which
also builds, rents and maintains office space for Federal agencies. In that
position, Mr. Wyatt was responsible for overseeing about $350 million in
government contracts annually.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             775 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            June 24, 2015 Wednesday

Passaic County, New Jersey Doctor Sentenced to 37 Months in Prison for Taking
Bribes in Test-Referrals Scheme with New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 504  words


NEWARK, NJ-A doctor with a practice in Hawthorne, New Jersey, was sentenced
today to 37 months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals
as part of a long-running and elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic
Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and
numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.


Douglas Bienstock, 48, of Wayne, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one
count of accepting bribes. Judge Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark
federal court.
Including Bienstock, 38 people-26 of them doctors-have pleaded guilty in
connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have admitted involved
millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100 million in payments
to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance companies. The investigation
has so far recovered more than $11 million to date through forfeiture.
According to documents filed in this and related cases and statements made in
court:
Bienstock admitted that from February 2008 through October 2009, he was paid
more than $2,500 per month under a sham service contract in return for patient
blood specimen referrals to BLS. BLS also paid Bienstock $100 in cash for each
of a certain type of blood test that he ordered. As a result of Bienstock's
referrals, BLS received approximately $640,000 in lab business.
In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler ordered Bienstock to serve one
year of supervised release, pay a $75,000 fine and forfeit $79, 695.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel; the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special
Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; IRS- Criminal Investigation, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and inspectors of the
U.S. Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria
L. Kelokates, with the ongoing investigation.
The government is represented by Senior Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven;
Assistant
U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish; Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark; and Assistant U.S.
Attorney Barbara Ward, Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money
Laundering Unit.
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey  U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             776 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Manager of Clothing Factory Indicted for Offering Bribe to Federal Labor
Investigator in Exchange for Closing Wage Investigation

LENGTH: 506  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


United States Attorney's Office for the Central District of California has
issued the following press release:

A federal grand jury today indicted the general manager of a La Puente garment
factory on charges of offering to pay bribes to an investigator with the United
States Department of Labor in exchange for the investigator closing an
investigation into wage violations.

Howard Quoc Trinh, 41, of Arcadia, the manager of Seven-Bros Enterprises, is
accused in the indictment of bribery of a public official.

The indictment charges Trinh with offering to pay $10,000 in bribes to a
Department of Labor Wage and Hour investigator.

The indictment also alleges that Trinh offered the bribe last month to secure
the release of a hold known as a "Hot Goods" objection that had been placed on a
shipment by the investigator.

As part of the bribery scheme, Trinh actually paid the investigator $3,000,
according to a criminal complaint previously filed in this case.

According to the affidavit in support of that complaint, the investigator was
investigating Seven-Bros for violating the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA),
which sets standards for minimum wage and overtime pay. The Labor Department
Wage and Hour investigator led a team that conducted an unannounced visit to
Seven-Bros on March 10. The investigation into wage violations covered a period
from May 2012 through March 10, 2015, and found that Seven-Bros owed
approximately $100,000 to compensate employees for FLSA violations over that
period. According to the affidavit, the investigator returned to Seven-Bros on
March 18, at which time Trinh said he did not owe his employees any back wages
and that he wanted to "take care" of the investigator.

In response to Trinh's statements, the Labor Department's Office of Investigator
General (OIG) initiated an investigation and outfitted the investigator with
recording equipment. On the evening of March 18, during a recorded meeting,
Trinh allegedly offered the investigator $10,000 to close out the investigation
without finding any violations and to life the Hot Goods objection.

The next day, during another recorded meeting, Trinh gave the investigator an
initial payment of $3,000 in a manila envelope, according to the affidavit.

The criminal complaint was filed on March 20, and Trinh was arrested by OIG
special agents. At his initial court appearance, Trinh was ordered released on a
$200,000 bond and was ordered to appear for an arraignment on April 17.

An indictment contains allegations that a defendant has committed a crime. Every
defendant is presumed to be innocent until proven guilty in court.

If he is convicted of the bribery count in the indictment, Trinh would face a
statutory maximum sentence of 15 years in federal prison.

The investigation in this case was conducted by the United States Department of
Labor, Office of Investigator General, Office of Labor Racketeering and Fraud
Investigations.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             777 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            November 11, 2012 Sunday
                                 Drive Edition

Prosecutors calling lobbyist's actions bribery

BYLINE: NOLAN CLAY, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 620 words


Longtime lobbyist Barry K. Moore told the FBI he hired a state senator for legal
services but federal prosecutors now are alleging the monthly payments actually
were bribes.

Moore, 51, of Edmond, has not been charged.

The allegations about him, though, have surfaced in the federal case against
former state Senate leader Mike Morgan.

Morgan, a Stillwater attorney, is set to be sentenced in January in Oklahoma
City federal court. A jury convicted Morgan in March of accepting $12,000 in
bribes from an Edmond company that operated assisted-living centers.

Prosecutors now are asking U.S. District Judge Robin Cauthron to consider other
payments to Morgan as bribes when she decides his sentence.

"The people of Oklahoma need to be able to trust that their legislators are
motivated by the public interest, rather than by bribes disguised as legal
fees," prosecutors wrote in a sentencing memo to the judge Nov. 2. "Mr. Morgan
had at least five corrupt bribery schemes operating at once."

Prosecutors specifically want the judge to consider the $33,500 the lobbyist's
company, The BKM Group, paid Morgan. Prosecutors gave the judge 36 pages of
Morgan's bills to The BKM Group.

"In reality, The BKM Group was paying Mr. Morgan for his legislative influence,"
prosecutors wrote.

Moore, a lobbyist for a number of rural telephone companies, declined to
comment. He also is chairman of the Edmond Planning Commission.

His attorney, Joe White, confirmed Moore still claims the payments were for
legal services. White declined further comment.

Maintains innocence

Morgan, a Democrat, maintains that he is innocent. He testified at trial that he
never sold his Senate seat.

His new attorney, Jack Fisher, said prosecutors only presented one side in their
memo. "The court is going to decide whether there was corruption involved or
not," Fisher said.

Morgan was Senate president pro tem in 2005 and 2006. He was Senate co-president
pro tem in 2007 and 2008. He left the Legislature at the end of 2008 because of
term limits.

Prosecutors reported Morgan began billing the lobbyist's company $1,000 a month
in late 2006.

The bills increased to $1,500 a month in 2007.

The bills were reduced to $500 a month in 2009 shortly after Morgan left the
Senate. Prosecutors told the judge Morgan knew by that time he was under
investigation.

The bills stopped all together later in 2009.

"Mike Morgan is a lawyer that I use for a lot of different things," Moore told
the FBI in 2009, according to a secret FBI report.

FBI agents reported that Moore explained "there is stuff that goes on in other
states and he can consult with Morgan."

FBI agents reported Moore said he also consulted with Morgan on questions
involving the OKC Metro Alliance, which provides alcohol rehab services. Moore
was once president of the alliance's board of directors.

Email sent

Prosecutors reported that in January 2007, after he began paying Morgan, Moore
sent an email to leaders in Oklahoma's rural telephone industry about a bill
supported by Cox Communications and opposed by AT&T.

Moore wrote in the email, "Senator Morgan called and indicated he would not meet
with them until he hears from us regarding our position on this legislation."

Prosecutors told the judge that the lobbyist was known for trying to stop AT&T
legislative projects.

They told the judge that Morgan in 2008 had assured the president of AT&T
Oklahoma he would support a bill that would ease AT&T's tax burden. Prosecutors
reported that Morgan later said he would not support it.

Prosecutors reported the AT&T Oklahoma president said he often saw the lobbyist
"in or near Mr. Morgan's office and believes that Mr. Morgan succumbed to
improper influence in connection with this bill."


LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Barry Moore

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             778 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday

Second British man sentenced over Nigerian government bribes

BYLINE: Rob Evansguardian.co.uk

LENGTH: 379 words

ABSTRACT

Lawyer Jeffrey Tesler has been jailed for 21 months by a Texas courtroom for
conspiring to channel bribes

FULL TEXT

A British man has been jailed for 21 months by a Texas courtroom for conspiring
to channel bribes totalling $180m (£115m) to politicians and officials in an
international corruption scandal.

Lawyer Jeffrey Tesler, 63 also received two years' probation and agreed to
forfeit more than $148m (£94m) from accounts in 12 Swiss banks and four from
Israel. Prosecutors said the money was traceable proceeds from the bribery.

Tesler, a dual citizen of Britain and Israel, is the second man to have been
sentenced for his part in paying bribes to secure huge engineering contracts in
Nigeria.

On Wednesday, Wojciech Chodan, a 74-year-old retired sales executive from
Somerset, was sentenced to a year's probation and fined $20,000 for his part in
the bribery scheme. He has agreed to forfeit $726,000 (£461,325) as part of his
punishment.

The prosecutions of the pair have been controversial as both were extradited
from Britain under contentious legal arrangements between the UK and the US.

Chodan and Tesler were extradited to Texas after losing legal battles in the UK.
Once in Houston, they pleaded guilty to conspiring covertly to bribing
top-ranking Nigerian politicians and officials.

Both worked for an international consortium of construction firms seeking
contracts worth $6bn to build a gas plant on Bonny Island off the coast of
Nigeria.

Tesler, 63, who operated from run-down offices in Tottenham, north London,
admitted that he acted as a middleman for the consortium and routed the payments
through bank accounts in Monaco and Switzerland between 1994 and 2004.

US prosecutors discovered that Tesler arranged for $1m in $100 notes to be
loaded into a pilot's briefcase and then passed on to a politician's hotel room
to finance a political party in Nigeria.

The UK Serious Fraud Office decided to step aside from investigating the
corruption allegations, which surfaced more than eight years ago, and let the US
government prosecute the two Britons.

The Guardian is fighting a legal battle to gain access to official documents
which were used to justify the extradition of the pair, but this move has been
resisted by the British and American governments.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             779 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Correctional Officer and Spouse Plead Guilty to Bribery and
Conspiracy

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Joel Gonzalez, a former U.S. Bureau of Prisons correctional officer, and Lisa
Gonzalez, his wife, have admitted to accepting bribes from the family of an
inmate in exchange for introducing contraband into the Federal Correctional
Institution (FCI) in Three Rivers, announced U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

Joel Gonzalez admitted that from December 2012 through April 2014, he made
arrangements to smuggle tobacco and other contraband into the FCI for an inmate
in exchange for cash bribes. His wife assisted him in arranging times and
locations for receiving the contraband and bribe payments. She also traveled
with him from their residence in Beeville to Laredo in order to accept the
items. Joel Gonzalez would then smuggle the items into the FCI on his body.

The investigation further revealed Lisa Gonzalez was employed by the Texas
Department of Criminal Justice during the orchestration of this scheme.

Sentencing has been set for Nov. 19, 2014. They were permitted to remain on bond
pending that hearing.

This case was investigated by the U.S. Department of Justice - Office of the
Inspector General and the FBI with assistance from Customs and Border
Protection, Beeville Police Department and the Texas Rangers. Assistant U.S.
Attorney Mark Patterson is prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             780 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 7, 2014 Thursday

New Jersey: Former Atlantic City Inspector Pleads Guilty to Taking Bribes from
Operators of Taxi Cabs and Massage Parlors

LENGTH: 557  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Office of Attorney General, The State of New Jersey has issued the following
news release:

Acting Attorney General John J. Hoffman announced that a former Atlantic City
inspector pleaded guilty today to accepting cash bribes from a taxi operator and
operators of massage parlors and "stress therapy centers."

Logan F. Holt Jr., 55, of Galloway Township, pleaded guilty to a second-degree
charge of official misconduct before Superior Court Judge Mark H. Sandson in
Atlantic County. Under the plea agreement, the state will recommend that Holt be
sentenced to five years in state prison, including two years and three months of
parole ineligibility. He will be permanently barred from public employment in
New Jersey. Judge Sandson scheduled sentencing for Holt for Nov. 21.

Deputy Attorney General Peter W. Lee, Deputy Chief of the Division of Criminal
Justice Corruption Bureau, and Deputy Attorney General Jonathan Gilmore took the
guilty plea. Holt was indicted in November as the result of an investigation by
the New Jersey State Police Official Corruption Bureau and the Division of
Criminal Justice Corruption Bureau.

Holt was an inspector with the Atlantic City Department of Licenses and
Inspections, Mercantile Department, from 2002 until February 2012. In pleading
guilty, Holt admitted that on April 1, 2010, he accepted an $800 cash bribe from
a taxi operator, and in return, appeared in municipal court that same day to
request that the court dismiss two tickets that had been issued to the taxi
operator by another inspector for violations involving the condition of his
vehicle. The count of the indictment to which Holt pleaded guilty also charges
that on May 11, 2010, he accepted a $250 payment from the same taxi operator for
allowing his cab to pass its annual city vehicle inspection.

"It's always a serious crime when an official betrays his duties for a bribe,
but it's even more egregious when it involves ignoring rules that protect public
health and safety," said Acting Attorney General Hoffman. "Holt selfishly and
callously put his wallet ahead of the public's safety by allowing taxi operators
to skirt requirements regarding the operating condition of their cabs."

"Holt had the official authority to impose significant fines and repair costs on
licensed operators in Atlantic City, but instead he used that power to solicit
bribes," said Director Elie Honig of the Division of Criminal Justice. "We will
continue to aggressively prosecute this type of abuse of public office."

The state's investigation revealed that, in addition to the incidents to which
he pleaded guilty, Holt accepted cash bribes from owners and operators of
several "stress therapy" and massage businesses on Atlantic and Pacific Avenues
in return for refraining from enforcing ordinances and regulations governing the
operation of those businesses.

The investigation was conducted for the New Jersey State Police Official
Corruption Bureau by Detective Matthew Peeke, Detective Sgt. 1st Class David
Caracciolo, Detective Anthony Carugno, retired Detective John Redkoles and
retired Detective Karl Ulbrich.

The investigation began with a referral from the Atlantic City Department of
Licenses and Inspections, which allegedly received a complaint that Holt had
been soliciting bribes.

For further information please visit: http://www.state.nj.us/

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             781 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 21, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Hudson County Contractor Arrested, Charged with Paying Bribes to
Fire Official

LENGTH: 328  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The owner of a general contracting company in West New York, New Jersey, was
arrested at home in North Bergen, New Jersey, this morning by special agents of
the FBI and charged with bribing a fire official to eliminate more than $8
million in outstanding fines on buildings with fire code violations, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Victor Coca, 48, of North Bergen, is charged by criminal complaint with one
count of paying a bribe to a local government agent. He is scheduled to appear
before U.S. Magistrate Judge Joseph A. Dickson this afternoon in Newark federal
court.

According to the complaint filed today:

Two West New York buildings--one owned by Coca and one owned by a friend of
his--had outstanding fines for fire code violations. Coca's friend's
building--called "Building 1" in the complaint--had approximately $14,500 in
fines, and Coca's building--called "Building 2" in the complaint--had
approximately $8.73 million in outstanding fines and penalties.

Coca paid a West New York Bureau of Fire Prevention official--who is cooperating
with the government--cash bribes to reduce or eliminate the outstanding fines,
paying $2,000 to eliminate the $14,500 debt on Building one. For Building 2,
Coca paid a $5,000 cash bribe to the official, making the amount due to the West
New York Bureau of Fire Prevention only the initial fine amount of $5,000.

The charge carries maximum potential penalty of 10 years in prison and a
$250,000 fine or twice the gain or loss from the offense.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford in Newark, with the ongoing investigation
leading to today's arrest.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             782 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Correctional Officer and Spouse Plead Guilty to Bribery and
Conspiracy

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Joel Gonzalez, a former U.S. Bureau of Prisons correctional officer, and Lisa
Gonzalez, his wife, have admitted to accepting bribes from the family of an
inmate in exchange for introducing contraband into the Federal Correctional
Institution (FCI) in Three Rivers, announced U.S. Attorney Kenneth Magidson.

Joel Gonzalez admitted that from December 2012 through April 2014, he made
arrangements to smuggle tobacco and other contraband into the FCI for an inmate
in exchange for cash bribes. His wife assisted him in arranging times and
locations for receiving the contraband and bribe payments. She also traveled
with him from their residence in Beeville to Laredo in oder to accept the items.
Joel Gonzalez would then smuggle the items into the FCI on his body.

The investigation further revealed Lisa Gonzalez was employed by the Texas
Department of Criminal Justice during the orchestration of this scheme.

Sentencing has been set for Nov. 19, 2014. They were permitted to remain on bond
pending that hearing.

This case was investigated by the U.S. Department of Justice--Office of the
Inspector General and the FBI with assistance from Customs and Border
Protection, Beeville Police Department and the Texas Rangers. Assistant U.S.
Attorney Mark Patterson is prosecuting.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             783 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

Thai drug duo offer $ 2.2 m in bribes

                                October 30, 1996


Attempt to avoid extradition to US sees a tightening of police security

BANGKOK -Police have tightened surveillance around two men, whose arrest was
described as a major blow to drug smuggling in the Golden Triangle, because they
had offered huge bribes to the Thai authorities to escape extradition to the
United States.

The Nation newspaper on Monday quoted a senior police officer as saying that Li
Yun-chung, or Phongsak Rojjanasakkul, and Cha Chung-chang, alias Praphan
Thongchaisawang, offered up to 40 million baht (S$ 2.2 million) in bribes to
avoid extradition.

US Customs officers in Oakland, California, seized 486 kg of heroin in May 1991
following an investigation codenamed "Operation Double Take".

Anti-narcotics agents later made several arrests and traced the origin of the
drug shipment to Thailand.

The US authorities, with the help of Thai police, secured a court indictment
against Li and Cha, who were living in Thailand, and requested their arrest and
extradition subsequently.

Li, aged about 50, and Cha, 44, were arrested in the Thonburi area on July 23.

Since their arrest, the two men, both of Chinese origin, had tried to bribe the
authorities to either assist them to escape, to swop prisoners or to influence
the court decision on their extradition, said the officer, who the newspaper
said asked not to be named.

"They have tried very hard to escape. We know that they tried to contact
authorities in various government agencies involved in the case," the officer
said.

"They offered 30 million baht to 40 million baht to be allowed to escape.
Hopefully, no officer will collude with them in their conspiracy," he added.

Li and Cha are also prime suspects in the smuggling of 35 kg of heroin seized in
New Jersey in 1992, another 168 kg in New Orleans, Louisiana, in August 1993,
and 72 kg in Singapore on March 31 of this year.

"We believed they have often smuggled heroin out of the country, but there have
been only a few instances where we intercepted information, verified and
eventually seized the drugs," he said.

Despite the existence of a law against conspiracy to commit a crime, police who
had been tracking Li and Cha for years could not touch them unless they were
caught with drugs in their possession.

"Their trafficking was very complicated. Although we have a conspiracy law,
unless there is an overt act that can prove their direct involvement, we cannot
arrest them, " the officer added.

Top police officers said the heroin seizure in Singapore in March provided the
crucial evidence against Li and Cha and led to the US indictment.

The arrest of the two men was considered a major blow to the Golden Triangle
trafficking network, The Nation said.

It followed a joint Thai-US effort in late 1994, "Operation Tiger Trap", which
disrupted the trafficking business of opium warlord Khun Sa through the capture
of 13 of his chief lieutenants.

Authorities in Kunming, the capital of China's southern Yunnan province,
arrested a 14th suspect recently.

The remaining six of the 20 traffickers on the wanted list, including Khun Sa,
who gave himself up to Yangon authorities in January, were believed to be in
Myanmar.

Thailand has allowed the extradition to the US of two of the "Tiger Trap
suspects", in May and August. The rest are either awaiting a final court ruling
or appealing against an extradition order.

Khun Sa's surrender and the tightening of controls along the Thai border with
Myanmar's southern Shan State has resulted in a heroin shortage and a drastic
rise in the price of the drug in Thailand.

But, according to the senior police source, the situation had since deteriorated
and heroin was again beginning to come out of the area controlled traditionally
by Khun Sa, opposite Mae Hong Son province.

"The indication comes from the increase in the amount of drugs seized in the
area," he was quoted as saying.


SECTION: South-East Asia; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 920 words

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Li: US Customs seized 486 kg of heroin in 1991 and secured an
indictment against him and Cha.; Cha: His arrest and that of Li is believed to
be a major blow to drug smuggling in the Golden Triangle.

                 Copyright 1996 The Straits Times Press Limited


                             784 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      Courier Mail (Queensland, Australia)

                           January 30, 1999, Saturday

WHEN IS A BRIBE NOT A BRIBE?

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: CHARLTON P

SECTION: MONITOR; Pg. 23

LENGTH: 1462 words


WHEN IS A BRIBE

NOT A BRIBE?

TARGETING . . . Mauritian archer Jacques Percy Harry will benefit from
Australia's generosity.MICHAEL JONES

The revelation that Australia's Olympics boss offered $100,000 to two African
International Olympic Committee delegates has thrown a shadow over the Sydney
2000 Games.

National affairs editor Peter Charlton reports

"These are not poorly educated or ignorant people. They all know how to spell
the word 'steal' " T

HE caller to Sydney talkback radio this week seemed to say it all. He wanted to
know whether IOC stood for "I'm On Commission" _ and not the well-known
International Olympic Committee.

That call, and others like it, brought a few laughs to residents of Australia's
oldest and, arguably, most cynical city.

A place where, from the days of the convicts and the Rum Corps, rorts and
corruption have been a way of life.

But even tough, cynical Sydneysiders have been shocked to discover that their
city's successful bid for the 2000 Olympics has been characterised by the same
bribery and vote-buying that marked the Japanese bid for the Nagano winter
Olympics and Salt Lake City's bid for the next winter games.

"It couldn't happen here" was the attitude before last weekend.

Now it is clear that it did, indeed, happen here.

Not that the $100,000 paid by Australian Olympic Committee president John Coates
is being seen within the Olympics hierarchy as a bribe.

The $50,000 each paid to two African delegates has been described in euphemistic
terms and defended at length by Coates in these pages on Thursday.

"Inducements" is a word frequently resorted to. But the powerful AOC president
also spelt out the reality of the Olympic bidding process.

Without such inducements, Sydney would not have got the Games. Beijing was the
favourite.

Whether the payments did, in fact, swing the bid for Sydney will never be known.

The Olympic voting process is, and remains, secret. Just as the detailed
spending of the Sydney bid remains secret.

After the Salt Lake City details started to leak out, attention was turned to
other successful bidders. Not that much was forthcoming about the Nagano bid.
Its accounting records were burnt, but estimates of the spending start at $20
million and climb quickly.

Now, in the wake of the Coates revelations last weekend, pressure is building on
the Sydney bid committee to release its records. This is not likely to happen
for a number of reasons.

The Sydney bid was put together by a private company which, subject to the usual
reporting requirements, has released only the bare minimum of details.

A more significant reason against full disclosure is the implacable opposition
of John Coates himself; as AOC president he has, and wields, enormous power.

This week, Coates made it clear that he would not support the release of any
more detailed information of bid expenditure.

Here, Coates has the support of Olympics Minister Michael Knight.

"If there are any allegations, we'll investigate them," Knight said.

But, with the NSW Government already in election mode for the March poll, the
expectations of more information about the bid making its way into the public
domain are low indeed.

And, because the Sydney bid was put together and won by a former Liberal
government, the penchant for secrecy is bipartisan _ up to a point.

The attitude of Knight and the current Labor Government is fascinating. Knight
has repeatedly said any further disclosure of the spending details would be a
"witchhunt" of previous governments.

Such concern might be understandable if Knight were protecting Labor mates but,
in fact, the protection applies to governments led by Nick Greiner and John
Fahey, now Finance Minister in the Howard Government.

But one crack has appeared, with the promise by Opposition spokesman for the
Olympics, Ron Phillips, that a Liberal government would "do everything" to
ensure total transparency.

"It's the only way to retain credibility," he said.

It's a fine sentiment to express, particularly in the warmth of the election
campaign. But a Liberal government would still have to deal with the powerful
Coates and his close associate Kevan Gosper.

Gosper, the senior IOC member, went to Lausanne last weekend, ostensibly on a
mission to "save" the Sydney Games. Sources inside the Sydney Organising
Committee have made it clear that it was most unlikely that Sydney would have
lost the Games.

Time and size were in the city's favour, irrespective of whatever tactics had
been used.

But equally it was clear that Gosper was surprised by the Coates revelations
last weekend.

Journalists in Lausanne reported that, for about 12 hours after the Coates
statement, Gosper was nonplussed. It was not until the two close associates
spoke that Gosper calmed down.

Gosper's position is complicated because of his own ambitions. The former runner
and Shell executive covets the presidency now held by Juan Antonio Samaranch.

Gosper is regarded as a mover and shaker in the international Olympic movement
but it is Coates who wields the real power in Australia.

Explaining his reasons for making the offer to the African delegates, Coates
adopted an "the ends justifies the means" approach.

Indeed, this has been the widespread attitude of many Olympic insiders. And the
spending spreads well beyond the bidding organisation.

For example, yesterday it was revealed that a NSW zoo, taxpayer-funded of
course, spent nearly $240,000 transporting seven rare Mongolian takhi horses to
the Gobi desert.

The project, originally estimated to cost about $100,000, resulted from a visit
to the zoo by the Mongolian IOC delegate.

As the allegations of bribery have been swirling around for the past month, IOC
president Samaranch has attempted to remain serenely above the fray, promising a
full investigation. But it is clear that Samaranch's personal style is copied
and adopted by other delegates.

That style is imperious, arrogant and powerful.

Samaranch insists on being called "Your Excellency", a hangover from the time he
was the Spanish ambassador to Moscow for the Franco fascist government. Although
his defenders say he is modest and retiring, that's not the impression gathered
from his spending.

This week, the London Daily Telegraph reported that in May 1991, when Nagano was
bidding for the winter Games, Samaranch insisted on staying at the Hotel Kokusai
21 and in its most expensive suite, at a cost of about $4000 a night. Nagano
also gave Samaranch a samurai sword, worth more than $20,000.

All such gifts are supposed to go into the IOC's museum; no trace of this sword,
however, has yet been found and Samaranch refuses to answer questions on its
whereabouts.

Nagano, of course, staged the Games. Samaranch came back to the city; his hotel
bill topped $100,000. Salt Lake City, it is reported, has budgeted $60,000 for
Samaranch's hotel bill _ and that's on top of the $200 a night paid by the IOC
as a matter of course for its members.

In Sydney, Samaranch likes to stay at the Park Hyatt, although the hotel would
not confirm this yesterday. It's situated on the harbour, underneath the famous
bridge, and hotel of choice for the late Princess of Wales and visiting rock
stars.

The top suites are about $5000 a night.

Andrew Jennings, the British writer who first blew the whistle on Olympic
rorting in his book Lord of the Rings pins much of the blame on Samaranch.

According to Jennings and other close observers, it was Samaranch who oversaw
the modern commercial games, with their huge sponsorship contracts and
television deals.

"Those who defend the IOC will say they are not guilty of corruption, that their
members have been naive and do not realise the significance of accepting gifts
or favours, that this has been caused by cultural differences," he said this
week.

"But that is rubbish. These are not poorly educated or ignorant people. They all
know how to spell the word 'steal'."

Jennings believes Samaranch's time has come. Sooner, rather than later, he will
be forced out.

"It's all over for the IOC whichever way they play it," he said. "And it's not
before time."

Jennings has a point. At 79, Samaranch must step down soon; the retirement age
for an IOC president is 80 and it has already been extended once, from 75, to
accommodate him.

But the revelations of the last month, Sydney included, make odd reading against
the Olympics' stated ideals: "The goal of the Olympic movement is to contribute
to building a peaceful and better world by educating youth through sport
practised without discrimination of any kind and in the Olympic spirit, which
requires mutual understanding with a spirit of friendship, solidarity and fair
play."

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: CML

                   Copyright 1999 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                             785 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 MX (Australia)

                           October 4, 2006 Wednesday
                               Melbourne Edition

WHAT IN THE WEIRD

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 290  words


TREE PROTEST SAPS POLICE POWER

INDONESIAN police put a cordon around a huge landmark Banyan tree in the capital
after members of a Muslim youth group attacked it to prove it had no special
mystical powers.

''The city government tried hard not to cut the tree when we built a new bus
lane. It is more than 100 years old and it is important for the environment,''
said Susi Marsitawati of Jakarta's parks agency.

''Later, rumours spread that the Government was unable to fell the tree because
it has supernatural powers.''


OH BABY, WHAT A NICE CATCH

A WOMAN caught a baby as it fell from a third-floor balcony.

Mary Bussey and son Brandon were walking to a football game in Denver, Colorado,
when they heard crying and saw the eight-month-old hanging on by one hand.

Bussey positioned herself and an instant later the baby landed in her arms.

''I just got right underneath her,'' Bussey said, ''Then, boom. She landed right
in my arms.''


DON'T BRIBE YOUR WAY TO HELL

THE Russian Government is warning that people who give or take bribes will
''burn in the flames of hell''.

The drastic warning comes in a mass leaflet scheme aimed at rooting out
widespread corruption.

Officials in Russia admit billions of dollars change hands in bribes every year
across all sectors, including education, health and police.

The Government sent out a leaflet to every home in Russia advising what to do if
asked for a bribe.

It quotes a text from the Koran which reads: ''Both the giver and taker of a
bribe will burn in the flames of hell.''


TIGHTROPE MAN HIGH ON RECORD

A TIGHTROPE walker has broken a world record by balancing on a cable car wire
430m above an alpine valley.

German Falko Traber, 46, walked 160m on the cable car wire above the Saukaser
valley in Austria.

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEL


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             786 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             March 23, 2014 Sunday

Bribes for dates? Old idea with a new app twist;
That's Life

BYLINE: D.L. Stewart

SECTION: LIFE & ARTS; Pg. E8

LENGTH: 404 words


As any guy who ever walked a dog probably knows, it's a great way to meet women.
All you have to do is buy or borrow a puppy, take it for a walk and, before it
has time to lift its leg, a woman will come along and make a fuss over it.

"Oh, what a cute little puppy," she'll say. "What's its name?"

"Fluffy," you'll reply. "Wanna come back to my place and drink beer?"

But now there's a way to use a puppy for hooking up without all that
time-consuming dog walking and smooth taking.

Offer one as a bribe.

The concept of bribing women for dates is the brainstorm, if that's the proper
term, of an MIT graduate named Brandon Wade. Last November, using the formula
"gift=dates," he used all that valuable education to introduce a mobile app
called Carrot Dating.

"Messaging may get her interested," his Web site declared, "but bribery will get
you a date.

From flowers to jewelry, there's a bribe for everyone's budget ... all you have
to do is dangle the right carrot.

Whether it is a special gift or a unique activity, the Carrot Dating app gives
you the power to prove your worth and date the man or woman of your dreams."

In addition to flowers and jewelry, the app helps men prove their worth by
offering women a variety of other bribes, including plastic surgery, vacations
and shopping sprees.

So far, the app has a reported 30,000 users. According to Boston Magazine, 400
women in that city have accepted dating bribes this year - including 87 who went
out on dates in exchange for a free tank of gas and a dozen who settled for free
desserts.

But, not content with implying that women are like rabbits who will go out with
you if you dangle a carrot in front of them (pause here until the sound of
feminist screaming subsides) Wade's latest concept compares them to dogs.

"Women love presents like dogs love treats," proclaimed a press release I
received this week from CarrotDating.com. "And many women just love dogs! In
honor of National Puppy Day, the Carrot Dating app is offering a new bribe for
finding first dates - an adorable puppy."

Fortunately, the press release arrived just in time for me to pass along this
wisdom, because National Puppy Day is today. So if you've already struck out on
Zoosk, Match and eHarmony, it's not too late to offer a Yorkie on Carrot Dating
to find the woman of your dreams.

Of course, if she has any brains at all, she'll keep the dog and dump you.

Contact this columnist at dlstew_2000@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             787 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             April 2, 2011 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS GEORGIA

SECTION: METRO; Pg. C03

LENGTH: 266 words


More than 100 fugitives captured by authorities

ATLANTA - Authorities say law officers from several agencies arrested more than
100 fugitives during three "warrant round-ups" in the past week.

The Southeast Regional Fugitive Task Force and the U.S. Marshals Service said
the fugitives were arrested on charges that included murder, armed robbery,
kidnapping and aggravated assault.

Authorities said one of the significant suspects arrested was Leon Dewon Curtis
in Gadsden, Ala.

He is accused of severely beating his girlfriend's 3-year-old daughter, who
remains in critical condition.

Authorities also highlighted the arrest of Chad Cohen in metro Atlanta's DeKalb
County.

He is accused of being involved in the slaying of a man in North Charleston,
S.C., in February.

Ex-deputy police chief admits taking bribes

ATLANTA - Authorities say a former DeKalb County deputy police chief pleaded
guilty Friday to charges of accepting bribes.

Prosecutors say Donald E. Frank, 47, of Monroe, pleaded guilty in federal
district court to conspiring to take bribes while a deputy police chief in
DeKalb County.

U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said officers are sworn to uphold the law but
that Frank acted as a private citizen's "personal enforcer" in exchange for
cash.

Prosecutors say a local businessman paid Frank $10,000 to threaten and
intimidate one of his business partners.

Author-ities say Frank also helped the businessman end an affair with his
mistress by making threatening calls and intimidated the woman into ending the
relationship.

Frank could not immediately be reached late Friday.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             788 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              August 13, 1980, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

MAYOR OF CAMDEN LINKED TO TAPE OF ABSCAM BRIBE

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 976 words


The jury in the first Abscam trial heard tape recordings yesterday in which a
voice identified as that of Mayor Angelo J. Errichetti of Camden, N.J., is heard
acknowledging to Federal undercover operatives that he was participating with
them in arranging to bribe representative Michael O. Myers of Pennsylvania.

''He's all set, he's all set,'' the voice is heard to say in what the
prosecution described as a conversation with the undercover men who later paid
the money.

Mr. Errichetti, Mr. Myers - a Democrat who is a second-term United States
Representative from Philadelphia - and two lawyers from that city were in the
second day of their trial in Federal District Court in Brooklyn. The first two
of various voice recordings expected to be introduced by the prosecution were
played starting at 4:30 P.M.  Videotapes, also surreptitiously made by Federal
agents, are to be introduced in evidence as well.

Investigation's Objective

The defendants are charged with a scheme in which 37-year-old Representative
Myers allegedly took $50,000 in bribe money and shared it with the three other
men, in return for promising to aid wealthy Middle East businessmen on
immigration matters.

The money was allegedly paid by an undercover agent of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and a paid informer for the F.B.I. who were posing as
representatives of the Middle Easterners, who in fact did not exist.

The pose was part of the overall Abscam - for ''Arab scam'' - operation, which
sought to determine if there was corruption among public officials in the United
States. In the ruse, rich Arabs were said to be willing to pay bribes in return
for political favors.

Payment Not Disputed

Mr. Myers is one of six members of the House of Representatives who have been
indicted on bribery and conspiracy charges resulting from the investigation.
Aside from the 52-year-old Mr. Errichetti, the codefendants in the trial are
Louis C. Johanson, 51, a lawyer who is also a Philadelphia City Councilman, and
Howard L. Criden, Mr.  Johanson's former law partner.

Before the tapes were played yesterday, attorneys for the defendants conceded,
in their opening statements to the jury, that the $50,000 had been paid by the
undercover men to Mr. Myers. But they held that no criminal act had been
committed by any of the defendants because Mr. Myers and the other men were
''never influenced'' in their official duties by having taken the money.

Plato Cacheris, Mr. Myers's attorney, said: ''The mere acceptance of money is
not criminal conduct in this case.'' Richard Ben-Veniste, Mr. Criden's attorney,
told the jurors: ''The only thing that was ever done by these defendants was to
take this fat Arab's money. They never used their offices, they never did one
thing on his behalf.''

The defense also argued that the investigation was a fraud in which the
defendants had been victimized, that it was an unethical scheme perpetrated by
the Government in cooperation with a ''con man par excellence.'' This was a
reference to Melvin Weinberg, a convicted swindler who helped the F.B.I. agents
carry out the investigation.

Undercover Agent Testifies

Mr. Myers, according to his attorney, was instructed to ''put on a
performance,'' in return for the money, about ''what he could do,'' but he was
''never intending to do it.''

In opening his case - in which he charged all the defendants with knowing
participation in a bribery scheme -Thomas P. Puccio, the chief prosecutor, put
on the witness stand Anthony Amoroso Jr., the Federal undercover agent who, with
Mr. Weinberg, allegedly paid the $50,000 to Mr. Myers.

The recording in which Mr. Errichetti allegedly said he had participated in the
deal was said to have bben made at a Cherry Hill, N.J., hotel last Aug. 6, and
to have involved the Mayor, Mr. Weinberg and Mr. Amoroso, who was then using the
name Tony DeVito.

Some of the Dialogue

A taping of another meeting, said to have been held by the three men the day
before in a lounge at Kennedy International Airport, was also played as Judge
George C. Pratt allowed the trial to go into the early evening. The recording,
sprinkled with obscenities, included the following exchange, according to voice
identifications by the prosecution:

Mr. Weinberg: ''Hey, you know who he can get for us?'' Mr. DeVito: ''Hah?'' Mr.
Weinberg: ''He can get Senator Talmadge.'' Mr. Errichetti: ''I'm working on that
so far, O.K.? Congressman Ozzie Myers, O.K.?'' Mr. DeVito: ''O.K.'' Mr.
Errichetti: ''I met with him already and I talked to him like I am talking to
you ... O.K., so you understand.'' Senator Herman E. Talmadge of Georgia has not
been accused of any involvement in alleged crimes uncovered by the Federal
investigation and his name has not previously been mentioned in connection with
it.

Gordon J. Roberts, Mr. Talmadge's press spokesman, said last night that the
Senator received from Deputy Attorney General Charles B.  Renfrew yesterday a
letter saying the Justice Department had found no evidence to suggest any
illegality by Mr. Talmadge. Mr. Roberts added that the Senator had never met
with or been in contact with any of the people involved in the corruption
investigation.

Earlier yesterday Judge Pratt, disturbed because photographers had sought to
take pictures of jurors as they left the courthouse Monday night, said: ''I have
some severe reservations about the future of the First Amendment in this country
if the excesses of the press are not curbed with some self-restraint.''

He also warned the many reporters covering the trial of the possibility of
criminal proceedings against them if any of them tried to talk to jurors during
the trial. But he changed his position of the previous day and agreed that the
reporters could be given transcripts of prosecution recordings at the end of
each day's session.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                             789 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Vendor Admits Paying Bribes to Agent of New Jersey Transit

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A New Jersey Transit vendor today admitted paying bribes to a New Jersey Transit
employee to obtain landscaping contracts, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced. Raymond Rapuano, 47, of New Providence, New Jersey, pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls in Newark federal court to an
information charging him with one count of bribery. According to documents in
this case and statements made in court:

Prior to March 2012, Rapuano had provided an individual who worked for New
Jersey Transit (NJ Transit) $3,500 in bribe payments for the purpose of
obtaining work for a landscape company, RA Landscape & Design (RA), for which
Rapuano worked. Around April 2012, Rapuano agreed to give NJ Transit employees
13 percent of the value of any work awarded by NJ Transit to RA. Rapuano paid an
NJ Transit employee a total of $2,000 for $22,000 worth of work awarded to RA by
NJ Transit.

The bribery charge to which Rapuano pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
March 18, 2015. U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under
the direction of Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; and the N.J. State
Police, under the direction of Col. Joseph R. Fuentes, Superintendent, with the
investigation leading to today's guilty plea. He also thanked the N.J. Attorney
General's Office, under the direction of Acting Attorney General John Hoffman,
and Eli Honig, Director of the N.J. Division of Criminal Justice, for their work
in the investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Amy Luria of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark, and Special Assistant
U.S. Attorney Michael A. Monahan, the Chief of the Financial and Computer Crimes
Bureau, Division of Criminal Justice, in the N.J. Attorney's General's Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             790 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Vendor Admits Paying Bribes to Agent of New Jersey Transit

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A New Jersey Transit vendor today admitted paying bribes to a New Jersey Transit
employee to obtain landscaping contracts, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced. Raymond Rapuano, 47, of New Providence, New Jersey, pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls in Newark federal court to an
information charging him with one count of bribery. According to documents in
this case and statements made in court:

Prior to March 2012, Rapuano had provided an individual who worked for New
Jersey Transit (NJ Transit) $3,500 in bribe payments for the purpose of
obtaining work for a landscape company, RA Landscape & Design (RA), for which
Rapuano worked. Around April 2012, Rapuano agreed to give NJ Transit employees
13 percent of the value of any work awarded by NJ Transit to RA. Rapuano paid an
NJ Transit employee a total of $2,000 for $22,000 worth of work awarded to RA by
NJ Transit.

The bribery charge to which Rapuano pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
March 18, 2015. U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under
the direction of Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; and the N.J. State
Police, under the direction of Col. Joseph R. Fuentes, Superintendent, with the
investigation leading to today's guilty plea. He also thanked the N.J. Attorney
General's Office, under the direction of Acting Attorney General John Hoffman,
and Eli Honig, Director of the N.J. Division of Criminal Justice, for their work
in the investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Amy Luria of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark, and Special Assistant
U.S. Attorney Michael A. Monahan, the Chief of the Financial and Computer Crimes
Bureau, Division of Criminal Justice, in the N.J. Attorney's General's Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             791 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Vendor Admits Paying Bribes to Agent of New Jersey Transit

LENGTH: 347  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A New Jersey Transit vendor today admitted paying bribes to a New Jersey Transit
employee to obtain landscaping contracts, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced. Raymond Rapuano, 47, of New Providence, New Jersey, pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge William H. Walls in Newark federal court to an
information charging him with one count of bribery. According to documents in
this case and statements made in court:

Prior to March 2012, Rapuano had provided an individual who worked for New
Jersey Transit (NJ Transit) $3,500 in bribe payments for the purpose of
obtaining work for a landscape company, RA Landscape & Design (RA), for which
Rapuano worked. Around April 2012, Rapuano agreed to give NJ Transit employees
13 percent of the value of any work awarded by NJ Transit to RA. Rapuano paid an
NJ Transit employee a total of $2,000 for $22,000 worth of work awarded to RA by
NJ Transit.

The bribery charge to which Rapuano pleaded guilty carries a maximum potential
penalty of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Sentencing is scheduled for
March 18, 2015. U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under
the direction of Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford; and the N.J. State
Police, under the direction of Col. Joseph R. Fuentes, Superintendent, with the
investigation leading to today's guilty plea. He also thanked the N.J. Attorney
General's Office, under the direction of Acting Attorney General John Hoffman,
and Eli Honig, Director of the N.J. Division of Criminal Justice, for their work
in the investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Amy Luria of the U.S.
Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division in Newark, and Special Assistant
U.S. Attorney Michael A. Monahan, the Chief of the Financial and Computer Crimes
Bureau, Division of Criminal Justice, in the N.J. Attorney's General's Office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             792 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                            April 21, 1970, Tuesday

SECTION: Page 45, Column 8

LENGTH: 138 words

Criminal atty D Gilbert and transit policeman M Homan charged with trying to
shake down businessman whom Homan had arrested on June 17 '69 on morals charge
in mens toilet at 51st St station of Lexington Av IRT; pair allegedly devised
plan whereby Homan would arrest man and suggest he see Gilbert for legal advice;
Gilbert would then ask man for money with which to bribe Homan to testify in ct
that arrest was faulty; Manhattan Dist Atty's office sources say that scheme
failed when arrested man went to Dist Atty and disclosed offers made to him; say
that man had been asked to pay $1,500, part of which would be used to bribe
Homan; Homan is charged with receiving bribe and Gilbert with offering bribe;
both are also indicted for conspiracy and criminal solicitation, with Homan
given additional charge of official misconduct

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

              Copyright 1970 The New York Times Company: Abstracts


                             793 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 8, 2016 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Bribe hit for cops New charges in gifts scandal

BYLINE: BY VICTORIA BEKIEMPIS NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 465 words


SEVERAL NYPD officials accused of working as "cops on call" for two well-heeled
Mayor de Blasio donors in exchange for lavish gifts, travel and hookers have
been hit with additional charges.

Deputy Chief Michael Harrington, Deputy Inspector James Grant, and Sgt. David
Villanueva were arrested on June 20, accused of acting as a "private police
force" for wealthy businessmen in exchange for more than $100,000 in gifts and
bribes, Manhattan U.S. Preet Bharara has alleged.

Jeremy Reichberg, an "NYPD liaison" who was also arrested, lavished the cash and
perks on Harrington and Grant for their off-the-books work, Bharara said.

Grant, Harrison, and Reichberg had previously been charged with one count each
of conspiracy to commit wire fraud.

All three now face wire fraud charges as well as charges of conspiracy to pay
and receive bribes.

Grant, 43, and Harrington, 50, were also hit with additional charges of
receiving bribes.

Reichberg, 42, and another businessman - whom sources have identified as
financier Jona Rechnitz - dressed up as elves on Christmas Day 2013 and
delivered a video game system to Grant's home, as well as a $1,000 piece of
jewelry to his wife.

Reichberg and Rechnitz, who already pleaded guilty and is helping the feds,
drove to Harrington's house afterward and gave his children a video game system,
Bharara alleges.

When the two major donors to de Blasio's campaign were AWOL in 2014, Grant
griped the "two elves didn't come for f---ing Christmas," according to a taped
call.

Grant was also recorded on a wiretap in January 2015 telling Reichberg to
instruct a friend who wanted a gun license to falsely claim he was a diamond
distributor, the feds claim.

Reichberg even flew Grant and an NYPD detective to Las Vegas in January 2013 for
Super Bowl weekend, court papers charge - bringing a high-end hooker on the
trip. The hooker told the feds that "Grant and others took advantage of her
services," according to court papers.

Asked about the additional charges, Grant's lawyer, John Meringolo, told the
Daily News: "We don't believe that allegations of police disciplinary issues
rise to the level of a federal crime."

Andrew Weinstein, who's representing Harrington, slammed the additional
allegations, saying that Rechnitz is an unreliable witness.

"I await with bated breath the opportunity to confront and cross-examine Mr.
Rechnitz at trial," he told The News.

"Once a jury sees who Mr. Rechnitz is and learns what he is all about, I am very
confident that Chief Harrington will be swiftly cleared of all of the charges
that have been levied against him."

Reichberg's lawyer declined to comment.

The arrests are part of a broad corruption investigation that has also
implicated correction union boss Norman Seabrook, who was also indicted on
corruption charges Thursday.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: From top left, NYPD Deputy Chief Michael Harrington, Deputy Inspector
James Grant and Sgt. David Villanueva - accused of acting as "private police
force" for Brooklyn bizman Jeremy Reichberg (r.) and Jona Rechnitz - were hit
with federal bribery charges Tuesday. JAMES KEIVOM/DAILY NEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                             794 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            September 3, 2010 Friday

About the players: 11 indicted worked to 'Poison the system'

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 301 words


The players


     ·    Guillermo "Willie" Gandara, mayor of Socorro and former Socorro ISD
          trustee. He allegedly took a $1,000 bribe from Marc Schwartz.



     ·    Charles Garcia, former Socorro trustee, allegedly took a $1,000 bribe
          in 2005 in exchange for his vote to give Access a contract.



     ·    Raymundo "Ray" Rodriguez, former Socorro trustee, allegedly voted for
          Access when officials there agreed to buy a hospital bed from the
          company that employed him.



     ·    Larry Medina, former El Paso County commissioner, allegedly solicited
          "a lot of money" for his campaign. Schwartz offered to raise $10,000
          in exchange for Medina's vote.



     ·    Gilbert Sanchez, district clerk, allegedly received a $1,000 bribe
          from Schwartz for his help in persuading his father, former Ysleta ISD
          Trustee Jesus Sanchez, to vote in favor of hiring a new law firm for
          the school district.



     ·    Lawyer Luther Jones helped several candidates run political campaigns
          and allegedly used his influence over them to secure contracts for
          Access and a law firm.



     ·    Lawyer David Escobar allegedly helped set up some of the bribes in the
          Ysleta school district and benefited through kickbacks.



     ·    Frank Apodaca Jr., former president of Access, allegedly conspired
          with several other people to obtain contracts through bribery and
          kickbacks of elected officials.



     ·    Marc Schwartz, political consultant, allegedly played a role in
          setting up many of the bribes and kickback schemes on behalf of
          Access.



     ·    Linda Chavez, Ysleta trustee, voted in favor of the Access contract.
          She's charged with conspiracy to commit mail and wire fraud. She
          allegedly withheld information from the district about Access.



     ·    Milton "Mickey"Duntley, former Ysleta trustee, allegedly took $2,000
          as sponsorship for his classic car as kickback for his vote. He also
          asked Schwartz to secure jobs for his son and other relatives.


LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2010 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             795 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                             May 30, 2015 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

The spurious sponsor deals directly linked to Russia and Qatar World Cups

BYLINE: Claire Newell; Edward Malnick

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 416 words


SPONSORSHIP deals linked to the Russia and Qatar World Cup tournaments are being
investigated by the FBI, The Daily Telegraph can disclose.

An indictment released by the US authorities describes how a businessman
"negotiate[d] a contract to acquire the media and marketing rights to the 2018
and 2022 World Cup qualifier matches" and agreed a $3million (£1.96million)
bribe in exchange for the deal. Costas Takkas, a British citizen who has been
accused of using his global network of bank accounts to funnel bribes for
another football official, was involved in negotiating the payments.

The disclosure is likely to increase pressure on Sepp Blatter, the president of
Fifa, to stand down, as it illustrates the widespread corruption during his
tenure.

Officers from the City of London are in contact with the FBI regarding the
inquiry into World Cup corruption and have been "assisting" since the "early
stages" of the investigation, sources confirmed.

The revelation about bribes to secure contracts is the first evidence that
business deals surrounding the two tournaments could be corrupt.

Earlier this week, the Swiss authorities announced that they had opened a
criminal inquiry into the 2018 and 2022 World Cup decisions.

Mr Blatter, and other officials who awarded Russia and Qatar the tournaments,
could be interviewed by authorities.

Fourteen football officials and executives have been arrested this week as part
of an FBI investigation into corruption.

During a press conference, James Comey, the director of the FBI, said that
"undisclosed and illegal payments, kickbacks and bribes became a way of doing
business at Fifa".

The 164-page indictment sets out the case against the individuals who have been
arrested.

The document describes how "co-conspirator 4 [an unnamed businessman]
participated, on behalf of Traffic USA [a sports marketing company], in the
negotiation of a contract to acquire the media and marketing rights to the 2018
and 2022 World Cup qualifier matches from the CFU [Caribbean Football Union]
member associations".

During a meeting in Hungary, Mr Takkas, said that his colleague, Jeffrey Webb -
who has also been arrested by police "wanted a $3million bribe in exchange for
[the] contract to be awarded to Traffic USA". The bribe was agreed, according to
US authorities.

The indictment continues: "On or about August 28, 2012, the parties entered into
a $23million contract for the exclusive worldwide commercial rights for CFU's
2018 and 2022 World Cup qualifier matches".

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             796 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 13, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

7 I.N.S. Employees and 26 Others Are Charged With Selling False Immigration
Papers

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 889 words


Federal prosecutors in Manhattan announced yesterday that seven employees of the
United States Immigration and Naturalization Service and 26 others had been
charged with selling fraudulent immigration papers for more than $100,000 in
bribes.

The case, the third similar scheme in recent years, continues to raise questions
about how well the agency is addressing its vulnerability to corruption. The
scheme grew so brazen, prosecutors said, that some cash bribes were exchanged
right inside the I.N.S. offices at 26 Federal Plaza in downtown Manhattan.

The immigration employees accused in the case included five officers who
interview immigrants and have the power to approve applications for green cards,
which confer permanent legal status as a United States resident and are granted
only in limited circumstances. Two lower-level employees were also arrested.

Others accused included brokers who charged the immigrants for their services,
using some of their money for the bribes.

"This is a corruption case based on the simple concept of greenbacks for green
cards," said Louis D. Schiliro, assistant director of the F.B.I. in charge of
the New York office, which investigated the scheme for about a year, using
wiretaps and I.N.S. employees who worked undercover.

Edward J. McElroy, district director of the immigration service in Manhattan,
said this was the largest number of I.N.S. employees arrested in such a scheme
in New York, although similar schemes have been uncovered in Manhattan and
elsewhere in recent years.

The Commissioner of the I.N.S., Doris M. Meissner, acknowledged in an interview
in 1994, shortly after taking office, that the agency's low pay, antiquated
computer systems, and broad power over immigrants' lives set up the potential
for abuse by dishonest employees. There was "a climate for abuse" that did not
exist in other agencies, she said.

Mary Jo White, the United States Attorney in Manhattan, who announced the
charges, said that in exchange for the bribes, one immigration employee removed
an applicant's criminal record from the official file. In other cases, she said,
officers agreed not to verify claims made by applicants seeking to qualify for
green cards, including whether their marriages to American citizens were
legitimate or not.

The bribes averaged about $1,000, and ranged from $300 to $12,000, Ms. White
said. The salaries of the accused immigration workers were $25,000 to $50,000 a
year, she said.

It was unclear yesterday how many of the immigrants knew that bribes were being
paid for them, or how many of them would have legally qualified for residency
status.  Ms. White said that the investigation was continuing. Officials did not
say yesterday whether they would charge any of the immigrants or seek to deport
them.

Prosecutors also described the murky world of immigration brokers in New York,
and the indictment noted that at least three of them operated out of travel
agencies.

The brokers even arranged sham marriages to secure eligibility for green cards,
Ms. White said, and used code words like "skirts" and "pants" to refer to the
men and women involved. In January, one man in a sham marriage called his broker
to ask for the name of his "wife," the indictment said.

Yesterday, 23 defendants were arrested and taken to Federal District Court in
Manhattan on charges including conspiracy, bribery, and immigration fraud. Two
of the immigration employees named in the indictment, which was unsealed
yesterday, had pleaded guilty earlier, officials said, while five defendants had
not yet been taken into custody.

One broker, Maria Diaz, who operated out of Gemma Travel in the Bronx, was
accused of paying about $60,000 in bribes on nine separate occasions, officials
said.

Ms. Diaz did not return a phone call seeking comment early in the day. In court,
she did not make bail and could not be reached.

The indictment also charged an immigration lawyer, Francois Au of Manhattan,
with bribery. Mr. Au, who was released on bond, did not return a call for
comment.

Nelson A. Boxer, an assistant United States attorney, said that some of the
brokers were overheard on wiretaps making threats about an immigration employee
whom they believed was cooperating with Federal investigators.

Mr. McElroy said the case began after co-workers reported suspicious activity at
the agency -- people coming in without appointments, being bumped ahead of other
applicants and other irregularities.

Officials said that yesterday's case was not connected to one in 1995 in which
four immigration clerks in the Manhattan office were charged with taking
hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to issue employment authorization
cards to thousands of illegal immigrants.

Some time earlier, eight employees of the Washington district office were
convicted in a scheme to accept bribes to sell legal residency to 1,000
immigrants who did qualify and to give another 4,000 people permission to work,
according to news reports.

Yesterday, a spokesman for Ms. Meissner, Eric C. Andrus, said the agency was
continuing to improve internal auditing and computer systems to prevent such
abuse. He said the fact that co-workers had made the initial reports showed that
"progress is being made and recognized within our own work force."

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                             797 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             March 5, 2015 Thursday

Former New York City Council Member Daniel Halloran Sentenced in White Plains
Federal Court to 10 Years in Prison for Role in Bribery and Fraud Schemes

LENGTH: 1005  words


Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that former New York City Council Member DANIEL HALLORAN was sentenced
today in White Plains federal court to 10 years in prison in connection with his
role in arranging the bribery of New York City Republican leaders to allow New
York State Senator Malcolm Smith, a Democrat, to run as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, and accepting a $15,000 cash bribe in exchange
for designating up to $80,000 in New York City funds to a non-profit entity that
would allow the money to be embezzled through a no-show job. HALLORAN was
sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kenneth M. Karas, who presided over the
two-month trial that resulted in Halloran's conviction in August 2014.


U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "When elected officials, like Daniel Halloran,
not only corrupt themselves but, unseen, corrupt the body politic from within
they undermine the public's confidence in a representative form of government. I
would like to thank our law enforcement partners at the FBI and the Rockland
County District Attorney's Office for working with us to ensure that the
defendant was pursued, prosecuted, and faced justice."
According to the Complaint and the Indictment filed in federal court, the
evidence admitted at trial, and statements made at various proceedings in this
case, including today's sentencing:
HALLORAN was elected to the New York City Council in 2009, representing a
district in Queens, New York. While a member of the city council, HALLORAN
participated in two overlapping criminal schemes that involved the payment of
bribes to obtain official action. First, HALLORAN arranged for $110,000 in cash
bribes to be paid to leaders of the Republican Party so that they would allow
Smith to run for mayor on the Republican Party's ballot line. Second, HALLORAN
accepted an up-front kickback of $15,000 for designating up to $80,000 of New
York City Council discretionary funding to a company he believed was controlled
by those who paid him the bribes.
The Bribery of Republican Party Leaders
From November 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN agreed with Smith,
an undercover FBI agent posing as a wealthy real estate developer (the "UC"),
and a cooperating witness ("CW") to bribe New York City Republican Party leaders
in exchange for their authorization of Smith to appear as a Republican candidate
for New York City Mayor in 2013, even though Smith is a registered Democrat.  In
furtherance of the scheme, HALLORAN arranged for the UC and the CW to meet
Vincent Tabone, the Vice Chairman of the Queens County Republican Party, Joseph
Savino, the Chairman of the Bronx County Republican Party, and other party
leaders. HALLORAN also negotiated the size of bribes that the party leaders
required in order to authorize Smith to run on the Republican ballot line.
During a meeting with the UC, Tabone accepted a $25,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $25,000 after his committee authorized Smith to compete in the
Republican primary. Savino similarly accepted a $15,000 cash bribe and agreed to
accept another $15,000 after he voted to authorize Smith to compete for the
Republican ballot line. In return for his efforts, HALLORAN accepted $15,500 as
a down payment on a "broker's" fee of at least $75,000 and expected to be
appointed First Deputy Mayor if Smith was elected mayor.
Bribery for City Council Discretionary Funding
From August 2012 until his arrest in April 2013, HALLORAN accepted an up-front
kickback of $15,000 cash from the UC and the CW in exchange for agreeing to
steer up to $80,000 in New York City Council discretionary funding to a
consulting company he believed was controlled by the UC and the CW (the
"Company").
At a meeting on September 7, 2012, at which HALLORAN and the UC discussed
HALLORAN's need to raise money for his congressional campaign, HALLORAN agreed
to hire someone of the CW's choosing for a congressional staff or some
equivalent position, and to help him raise money for his campaign. During the
discussion, HALLORAN said: "That's politics, that's politics, it's all about how
much. Not whether or will, it's about how much, and that's our politicians in
New York, they're all like that...And they get like that because of the drive
that the money does for everything else. You can't do anything without the
f***ing money." During the meeting, the CW paid HALLORAN $7,500. And near the
end of the meeting, HALLORAN remarked: "Money is what greases the wheels - good
bad, or indifferent."
In furtherance of this scheme, HALLORAN wrote two letters on New York City
Council letterhead about this funding, one to civic organizations and the other
to the Company. Despite suggesting in these letters that work would be done by
the Company to support the allotment of taxpayer money, HALLORAN agreed with the
UC and the CW that the Company would provide no services.
In addition to the prison term, HALLORAN, 42, of Queens, New York, was also
sentenced to two years of supervised release, and ordered to forfeit $45,300.
HALLORAN's co-conspirators, Smith and Tabone, were convicted for their roles in
the bribery conspiracy in January 2015 and are currently scheduled to be
sentenced by Judge Karas on July 1, 2015.
In the sentencing of HALLORAN, Judge Karas remarked, "This was a very serious
crime. When a public official gets into cars and takes wads of cash or promises
public money in return for cash to the politician, it is so troubling. It causes
us all to be cynical about our leaders. It causes us to doubt that our leaders
are looking after us. And it's a very serious matter."
Mr. Bharara praised the outstanding investigative work of the Federal Bureau of
Investigation and Rockland County District Attorney's Office.
This case is being handled by the Office's White Plains Division and Public
Corruption Unit. Assistant United States Attorneys Douglas B. Bloom and Justin
Anderson are in charge of the prosecution. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             798 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

New Jersey: Corrections Officer Admits Accepting Cash Bribes In Exchange For
Smuggling Marijuana And Cell Phones Into Federal Pretrial Detention Facility

LENGTH: 431  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

An Essex County corrections officer today admitted his involvement in a scheme
to smuggle marijuana, cell phones and tobacco into the Essex County Jail, a
federal pretrial detention facility, in exchange for cash bribe payments, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Stephon Solomon, 26, of Irvington, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Mary L. Cooper in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of conspiring to commit extortion under color of
official right.

According to the documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:

On multiple occasions between October 2013 and May 2014, Solomon, a corrections
officer at the Essex County Jail, smuggled contraband - including cell phones,
tobacco, and marijuana - to Quasim Nichols, 29, a federal pretrial detainee at
the Essex County Jail, in exchange for cash bribes. Darsell Davis, 29, and
Dwayne Harper, 30, friends of Nichols, aided in the smuggling scheme by
collecting the contraband to be smuggled into the jail. Solomon received the
contraband and cash bribes from Davis and then smuggled the contraband to
Nichols, who ultimately sold some of the marijuana and cell phones to other
inmates. The inmates purchasing marijuana and cell phones from Nichols had their
friends and family pay for the items by sending Western Union money transfers to
Nichols, who enlisted Davis and others to retrieve those payments for him.
Charges against Nichols, Davis and Harper are still pending.

The charge for conspiring to commit extortion under color of official right to
which Solomon pleaded guilty carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison and
a maximum fine of $250,000. Under terms of the plea agreement, Solomon will
forfeit $4,000, representing his proceeds from the conspiracy. Sentencing is
scheduled for Jan. 21, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Aaron T. Ford in Newark, and investigators with the
Internal Affairs Division of Essex County Jail, under the leadership of Warden
Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorney's Office Special Prosecutions Division and Rob Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             799 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           January 25, 2014 Saturday

City officials: No bribes were offered by Redflex

BYLINE: By Steve Ramirez sramirez@lcsun-news.com @SteveRamirez6 on Twitter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 596 words


LAS CRUCES >> City officials said they are troubled by reports that a former
Redflex Traffic Systems employee allegedly offered bribes and gifts in some
cities where the company had contracts to operate red light enforcement cameras.

Last week, a Chicago Tribune story claimed bribes and gifts could have been
offered to government officials in 14 states, possibly including New Mexico.
Redflex Traffic Systems has operated red light enforcement cameras in
Albuquerque and Santa Fe, but those cities have terminated their contracts with
the company.

Redflex still operates the cameras in Las Cruces and Rio Rancho.

City Manager Robert Garza and Mayor Ken Miyagishima said they are not aware of
any such deals offered to anyone in Las Cruces.

"Very troubling that such things have happened," said Garza, of the allegations.
"I'm certain no such offers have come our way."

Miyagishima agreed, adding Las Cruces' five-year contract with Redflex was
structured so that the city receives 25 percent of fines collected, the state of
New Mexico gets 25 percent and Redflex, which owns and maintains the enforcement
cameras, gets 50 percent of collected fines.

"The city hasn't collected much. I'd guess it's somewhere around $750,000,"
Miyagishima said. "It was never meant to be a money maker for the city, the
emphasis was on safety. The city has taken what money it has received from (red
light enforcement camera) fines and put all of it back into public safety and
education."

Garza said updated figures of what has been assessed and collected in red light
enforcement camera fines wasn't immediately available. However, almost a year
ago, in early February 2013, city officials estimated more than $3 million in
fines had been assessed, with more than $1 million unpaid.

Red light enforcement cameras are currently in place at the intersections of
Lohman Avenue and Walnut Street, Lohman and Telshor Boulevard, and northbound
Valley Drive at Avenida de Mesilla. Enforcement cameras were also used briefly
at north Main Street and Solano Drive and southbound Valley Drive at Avenida de
Mesilla, but the state ordered those turned off when it was discovered the
cameras were installed on state rights of way.

The accusations come at a time when city officials are about to begin
deliberations on whether the enforcement cameras will continue to be used in Las
Cruces. The cameras have been a point of public controversy since they went into
operation in April 2009.

"Coincidentally, we have a City Council work session scheduled for February 10th
to discuss our contract with (Redflex)," Garza said. "There is a provision
within our agreement that would allow us to end the relationship this summer. If
we continue, our contract would extend two more years. We plan to share
information with the City Council relating to financial impacts, safety impacts
and other program related elements."

Miyagishima said the recent claims against Redflex could factor into the
council's decision on a new contract.

"Obviously, what's happened will have some kind of bearing," Miyagishima said.
"We want to make sure we're dealing with someone we can trust. What's happened
is big, really big."

Miyagishima has been a vocal supporter of red light enforcement cameras, and he
still believes they provide a valuable service.

"I still believe red light cameras have helped reduce accidents," he said.
"Really, the question to council is do they want to deal with Redflex or do they
want to deal with one of the other companies that offer red light camera
enforcement."

Steve Ramirez may be reached at 575-541-5452.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                             800 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 11, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

More Charges Of Bribery For a Judge

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B;  Page 4;  Column 6;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 293 words


A Manhattan Housing Court judge who was arrested last December on charges that
he accepted bribes to influence his decisions was hit yesterday with new charges
of bribe-taking and official misconduct arising from 25 landlord-tenant cases.

The judge, Arthur R. Scott Jr., was arraigned yesterday on an 85-count
superseding indictment in State Supreme Court in Manhattan, where he pleaded not
guilty.

In March, Mr. Scott, 48, a Housing Court judge for 13 years, was indicted on
charges of taking more than $14,000 to fix six cases involving disputes between
landlords and tenants, all of which were included in the indictment unsealed
yesterday.  The new indictment gave few specifics about the new cases and how
much in bribes Judge Scott, who lives in Kew Gardens, Queens, is accused of
taking.

The indictment also charges that Euclid Watson, 58, of Flushing, Queens, who was
previously accused of soliciting and collecting bribe money for Judge Scott,
appeared before the judge in four cases in which he pretended to be a lawyer.
The authorities said Mr. Watson, a former building manager in Queens, had no law
degree and was not qualified to practice law.

Frank J. Loverro, Judge Scott's lawyer, said the judge "vehemently denies" the
charges.

Mr. Scott and Mr. Watson each face a maximum of 15 years in prison if convicted
of the most serious charge, grand larceny by extortion in the second degree.

Justice Joan Carey continued Mr. Scott's $25,000 bail and Mr. Watson's $3,500
bail.

The indictment also charged two landlords, Jonathan Jacobs, 51, of 65-48 174th
Street in Flushing, Queens, and Sampson Ward, 49, of Miami, with bribery in the
third degree and rewarding official misconduct. They were released on their own
recognizance.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             801 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Goodyear Agrees to Settle Bribery Case

BYLINE: By AARON M. KESSLER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 550 words


WASHINGTON --  Goodyear, one of the world's largest tire manufacturers, has
agreed to pay more than $16 million to settle charges that it violated federal
antibribery laws tied to tire sales by its subsidiaries in Kenya and Angola.

The Securities and Exchange Commission announced the settlement on Tuesday, in
conjunction with charges that Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company violated the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

In settling the civil charges, Goodyear neither denied nor admitted wrongdoing,
but agreed to pay a fine of $14.1 million -- the amount of its illicit profits
-- as well as $2.1 million in prejudgment interest. It also agreed to monitoring
by federal officials for three years.

The case is unusual in that it stems from bribes paid primarily to other
companies, rather than to government officials -- a signal that the S.E.C. is
taking a more aggressive stance toward commercial bribery rather than focusing
only on improper payments to government workers.

The S.E.C. said that Goodyear failed to properly oversee its Kenyan and Angolan
subsidiaries over a four-year period, when they paid out more than $3.2 million
in bribes, mostly to companies to gain their business but also to some local
officials.

Documents filed by the S.E.C. on Monday said that the Goodyear subsidiaries
''routinely paid bribes to employees of government-owned entities and private
companies to obtain tire sales. These same subsidiaries also paid bribes to
police, tax and other local authorities.''

The commission added, ''All of these bribery payments were falsely recorded as
legitimate business expenses in the books and records of these subsidiaries,
which were consolidated into Goodyear's books and records.''

A lawyer representing Goodyear did not return a phone call seeking comment on
Tuesday.

Goodyear, which is based in Akron, Ohio, has factories in 22 countries and sells
tires globally. In announcing the settlement, the S.E.C. said that the company
had self-reported the violations and subsequently cooperated with federal
investigators.

Scott W. Friestad, associate director of the S.E.C.'s enforcement division, said
in a statement that ''Goodyear's lax compliance controls enabled a routine of
corrupt payments by African subsidiaries that were hidden in their books.''

Officials at Goodyear's Kenyan subsidiary, known as Treadsetters, made the
bribes mostly by approving payments for phony promotional products and then
directing the finance assistant to ''write out the checks to cash,'' according
to the S.E.C. documents. That cash was then used to bribe employees of
customers, as well as local government officials.

In Angola, the bribery scheme by the Goodyear subsidiary Trentyre revolved
around fabricated charges for freight and customs clearing costs added to its
invoices for tire sales, officials said. Those phony charges were then grouped
together into an account on the company's books that it used to finance its
bribes, the S.E.C. said.

Goodyear is not the only automotive-related company to face bribery charges in
recent years. In 2010, what was then DaimlerChrysler was charged with bribing
foreign government officials to secure business in Asia, Africa, Eastern Europe
and the Middle East. The company paid $185 million to settle S.E.C. and criminal
charges.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/02/25/business/goodyear-agrees-to-settle-bribery-cas
e.html

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: A Goodyear plant in France, one of 22 countries where the
Ohio-based company does business. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ETIENNE LAURENT/EUROPEAN
PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                             802 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 30, 1994, Thursday, Final Edition

Former D.C. Housing Official Admits Taking Bribe, Will Aid Probe

Toni Locy, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE B5

LENGTH: 540 words


A former housing program specialist at the D.C. Department of Public and
Assisted Housing pleaded guilty yesterday to accepting a $ 100 bribe and agreed
to cooperate in an investigation into corruption at the agency.

Monique Lawon Green, 27, is the first former employee of the troubled department
to agree to help in the investigation, which has revealed corruption so rampant
that officials suspect that almost everyone who received housing subsidies from
1991 to 1993 got them improperly.

In April, Green was charged along with four agency employees and four others
with being part of a widespread bribery scheme. One of the defendants, Cheryl
Walker, was the official in charge of the section that distributed the
much-sought-after rent subsidies.

Although Green accepted a bribe of $ 100 in January 1993, most of the payoffs
detailed in the indictments ranged from $ 500 to $ 1,000.

Green was responsible for the modern rehabilitation subsidy program. That
program provides federal subsidies for housing units that have been remodeled
and made available to low-income people.

Authorities hope Green can provide information on her former codefendants as
well as other employees suspected of accepting bribes to provide housing
subsidies to people who were not on the agency's lengthy waiting lists.

The four other agency employees are accused of accepting bribes in exchange for
vouchers for federal Section 8 housing and the District's Tenant Assistance
Program. The others are charged with aiding in the bribery scheme.

The bribery scandal is one of several problems dogging the department.

More than half of the 9,000 families living in District public housing are three
or more months behind in rent, leaving the agency owed $ 11 million that it
probably will write off.

During the last five years, the agency has written off $ 14 million in unpaid
rent.

The agency also has come under fire for spending $ 106,000 to remodel executive
suites at its headquarters while many of its tenants in public housing
developments are forced to live in deteriorating units because of a lack of
maintenance.

The situation has become so dire for many of the District's poorest people that
a court-appointed special master last month recommended that the agency be
placed in receivership.

During yesterday's hearing before U.S. District Judge Stanley Sporkin, Assistant
U.S. Attorney Craig Iscoe said that if Green keeps her end of the deal, five
bribery charges against her will be dismissed.

She pleaded guilty to one bribery charge. She admitted that she split a $ 300
bribe paid by a tenant with an agency employee and Charlene Wilson, who the
government alleges acted as a recruiter, finding people who were seeking
subsidies and were willing to pay for them.

Iscoe said that shortly after Green met Wilson, the two women began sharing
bribes paid by people who either were not on the waiting list or were far from
the top of the list. He said Green initially learned from agency employee Mark
Deshazo that "money could be made" that way.

If people paying bribes were referred to Green by Wilson and Deshazo, the three
split the payoff, Iscoe said.

Wilson and Deshazo also have been charged in the bribery scheme.


LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: DC NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                             803 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 17, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

EX-MAYOR INDICTED IN SYRACUSE BRIBES

BYLINE: By ROBERT O. BOORSTIN, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 814 words

DATELINE: SYRACUSE, July 16


Lee Alexander, a Democrat who ruled Syracuse as Mayor for 16 years while earning
a national reputation as a spokesman for the nation's cities, was indicted today
on charges that he masterminded a scheme that brought him $1.5 million in
kickbacks from city contractors.

Mr. Alexander, who is 60 years old, was charged with 40 counts of extortion,
income tax evasion, racketeering and conspiracy to obstruct an investigation in
a long-awaited indictment handed up by a grand jury in Federal District Court
here.

Mr. Alexander, who served four terms in office here and was elected six times as
president of the National Conference of Democratic Mayors, was arraigned before
Federal Judge Thomas J. McAvoy. Mr. Alexander nodded to his lawyer, James R.
McGraw, who entered a plea of not guilty.

'A Long Time'

''From the very beginning, we've made it very clear that we're innocent of these
charges,'' the former Mayor told a crush of reporters outside the Federal
Building. ''It's taken the Government a long time to put together this volume of
fiction.''

Judge McAvoy ordered Mr. Alexander released on $200,000 bail. If convicted on
all charges, he could be sentenced to a total of 690 years in prison and $5
million in fines.

The United States Attorney for the Northern District of New York, Frederick J.
Scullin, said he expected to prosecute the case personally when it goes to
trial, probably early next year. He called the racketeering scheme, in which Mr.
Alexander is accused of having received bribes for directing city contracts to
certain companies, ''the largest and most pervasive public corruption case in
the history of this city and one of the largest in the country.''

Mr. Scullin said the investigation was continuing and might involve cities
outside New York. He called the evidence compiled by the Federal authorities
''overwhelming.'' The 60-page indictment includes charts detailing more than 100
bribes the Government contends were given to Mr. Alexander or to his associates
from 1970 to 1985.

Value of Kickbacks

For each of the suspected payments, the indictment lists the name of a
contractor involved, the approximate date of the exchange, the building project
involved, the estimated value of the kickback, and the ''bag man.''

One of those cited as bag men is Henry A. Bersani, a Syracuse Democrat and
fund-raiser who resigned last month as chairman of the State Thruway Authority.
He and seven others who cooperated with the authorities are expected to plead
guilty to extortion and bribery charges Friday.

Also indicted today, on one count of conspiring to obstruct the investigation
was a former Syracuse banker, Kenyon Bajus.

'Not an Acceptable Way'

The troubles here, added to the clamor over legislative ethics in Albany and New
York City's biggest corruption scandals in decades, have prompted some
law-enforcement officials to talk of statewide corruption.

Wayne R. Alford, the Federal Bureau of Investigation's special agent in charge
of the district that includes northern New York, said: ''I hope this
investigation sends a message to all New Yorkers. Paying bribes and giving
kickbacks is not an acceptable way to do business.''

Mr. Alford and Mr. Scullin declined to discuss details of the investigation,
which is said to have begun after one of the contractors deducted a bribe on his
income taxes. Mr. Scullin also would not discuss what happened to the money that
was said to have been extorted. But he said the Government would seek to seize
the money under Federal racketeering laws.

Trips to Bahamas

In asking for $500,000 bail at Mr. Alexander's arraignment, Mr. Scullin said Mr.
Alexander had twice taken trips to the Bahamas this year. He also said Mr.
Alexander went to Panama and Costa Rica last October.

Mr. Scullin said Mr. Alexander had made the trip despite the fact that the
former Mayor's chief attorney, Harold Boreanaz of Buffalo, had agreed to hold
Mr. Alexander's passport and to inform Mr. Scullin's office if his client
intended to go abroad. Mr. Boreanaz apparently did not comply with the
agreement, Mr. Scullin said, but no charges are planned against him.

The indictment mentions the vast majority of major building projects undertaken
in Syracuse since Mr. Alexander took office in 1970. According to the
indictment, Mr. Alexander directly received more than $350,000 in bonds and cash
from architects and contractors. Many of the companies that received contracts
were headed by friends of Mr. Alexander's from the city's Greek-American
community.

The indictment of Mr. Alexander stems from contracts handed out by the Syracuse
Board of Estimate. That board, much like New York City's, has wide power to
award millions of dollars in city contracts. In Syracuse, there are three
members - the mayor, the finance commissioner and the chairman of the city's
Common Council.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             804 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Scandal Suggests Narrower Corruption Law Still Survived

BYLINE: By BENJAMIN WEISER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 647 words


A federal law used to prosecute corrupt politicians lost some of its teeth when
the Supreme Court significantly narrowed its scope in 2010.

But in New York, the law governing theft of ''honest services'' seems to be
alive and well, if recent cases are any clue.

In the broad charges announced this week against State Senator Malcolm A. Smith,
a Democrat from Queens, and five other political figures, that law is at the
center of a number of counts alleging schemes that deprived various groups of
the defendants' honest services.

Among those groups, prosecutors said, were the citizens of New York City (in the
case of Daniel J. Halloran III, a Republican city councilman charged in the
case); the citizens of Spring Valley, N.Y. (the village's mayor and deputy mayor
were charged); and county committees of the Republican Party (two Republican
leaders from Queens and the Bronx were charged).

The charges come more than a year after the honest-services fraud convictions of
Joseph L. Bruno, the former Senate Republican majority leader, were overturned
in the wake of the Supreme Court's 2010 ruling in a case that involved Jeffrey
K. Skilling, the former Enron chief executive.

''After Skilling,'' said Albert W. Alschuler, emeritus professor of law at the
University of Chicago Law School, ''the Justice Department complained that it
had been deprived of an important tool, but in fact it remains a very powerful
instrument.'' Professor Alschuler said the charges announced this week in New
York showed that the law was useful ''for charging large conspiracies to bribe
various people in various places.''

Within the last two years, Carl Kruger, the once-powerful Democratic state
senator from Brooklyn, and Sandy Annabi, a former Yonkers councilwoman, were
each convicted and sentenced to prison in federal cases in Manhattan that
involved conspiring to commit honest-services fraud, among other counts.

In Federal District Court in Brooklyn, State Assemblyman William F. Boyland Jr.
faces trial on charges of honest services fraud, among others; he has pleaded
not guilty. In narrowing the use of the law, the Supreme Court limited it to
bribes and kickbacks and not, as had been used in cases like Senator Bruno's, to
prosecute defendants for undisclosed conflicts of interest.

Before the Skilling ruling, said Daniel C. Richman, a law professor at Columbia
University, the law's flexibility ''allowed prosecutors to pursue corruption
without nailing down who was bribed and when.''

The more recent charges, including those announced this week, take care to make
the bribery allegations explicit, which can only help the government's case,
Professor Richman added.

''The further you can let the defendant play out his scheme and take bribes and
perhaps do things in return, the more solid the case would be, both legally and
in front of a jury.''

In the complaint unsealed on Tuesday, for example, prosecutors allege various
schemes in which defendants took bribes in return for official actions.

The Spring Valley mayor, for example, Noramie F. Jasmin, was accused of
demanding a secret ownership interest in a development company to which she was
going to steer a village contract to build a community center.

The deputy mayor, Joseph A. Desmaret, was charged with accepting more than
$10,000 in bribes for his vote on the project.

Daniel L. Stein, a former chief of the public corruption unit in the United
States attorney's office in Manhattan, said he always felt that the Supreme
Court ruling helped to focus the government on corruption cases that were the
most appropriate for criminal prosecution.

''I thought the court did us -- prosecutors -- a favor, because I never thought
juries liked conflict-of-interest cases,'' Mr. Stein said. ''Juries want to see
bribes or kickbacks,'' he continued, adding that conflicts of interest ''seem
more like ethical violations than criminal.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/04/nyregion/scandal-suggests-anti-corruption-law-
survived-encounter-with-supreme-court.html

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                             805 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  November 1, 1991, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

WORLD JAPAN 2 TOUCHED BY SCANDAL CHOSEN FOR TOP POSTS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 935 words


Japan's governing party named two scandal-tainted lawmakers - one of them a
convicted bribe-taker - to top party posts Thursday.  The ruling party, the
Liberal Democrats, gave the chairmanship of its executive council to lawmaker
Koko Sato, 63, who was found guilty in 1982 of taking about $15,000 in bribes.
Former Education Minister Yoshiro Mori, 54, who was implicated in the Recruit
Co. stock scandal of 1989, was named chairman of the party's Policy Research
Council.  AP ZAMBIA Election Threatens Hold Of Nation's Founder Voting ended
Thursday in Zambia's first contested multiparty elections in 17 years, and the
outcome will determine whether founding father President Kenneth Kaunda returns
to power.  Pickups, cars and canoes ferried thousands of sealed ballot boxes to
63 counting centers after the polls closed in Zambia, the latest African country
to move toward Western-style democracy.  First results were expected to be
announced today in Lusaka.  Union leader Frederick Chiluba is the first person
to challenge Kaunda since he led Zambia to independence from Britain in 1964.
(Following sentence appeared in 3* edition.) Each said he was confident.  AP
PHILIPPINES Marcos' Son Returns Home After Six Years The son of late President
Ferdinand Marcos ended nearly six years in exile and returned on Thursday to the
Philippines, where he and his family face tax charges.  His mother, Imelda
Marcos, and the rest of the family were expected to arrive Monday from Hawaii.
Ferdinand Marcos Jr. arrived in Manila aboard a Singapore Airlines plane and was
greeted by several officials who had served under his father. On Wednesday, the
government gave landing rights to a plane to bring Imelda Marcos home, provided
the former president's remains are not allowed aboard.  AP NATION WASHINGTON
Senate Ditches Helms, Backs 'Corn For Porn' Lawmakers from Western states
abandoned Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C., in droves Thursday, accepting a ''corn for
porn'' deal that preserves grazing subsidies in exchange for keeping new
anti-obscenity restrictions off arts grants.  On a 73-25 vote, the Senate
reversed its support of Helms' measure to impose prohibitions on subsidizing
''patently offensive'' sexual exhibits or performances.  The action cleared the
way for sending the House-Senate compromise - a $12 billion appropriations bill
for the Interior Department and the National Endowment for the Arts - to the
president.  AP NASA New Director Picked To Head Space Center Signaling a change
of emphasis for staffed space flight, NASA Administrator Richard H. Truly chose
on Thursday fellow former astronaut Robert L.  Crippen as the next director of
the Kennedy Space Center, effective Jan. 1.  Crippen, 54, replaces Forrest S.
McCartney, 60, a retired Air Force lieutenant general called in by Tru ly to run
the Florida launch complex after the 1986 Challenger disaster.  McCartney
reportedly has clashed with top shuttle managers, including Crippen, over policy
decisions.  Truly noted that Crippen's job will include gearing shuttle-launch
operations to the planned construction in orbit of the Space Station Freedom, in
the mid-1990s.  Washington Post PASSIVE SMOKING Flight Attendants Sue Companies
Over Cancer Attorneys for flight attendants filed a $5 billion class-action suit
Thursday charging tobacco companies with causing cancer and other diseases in
flight attendants.  It is apparently the first major suit charging that tobacco
companies are liable for disease in non-smokers exposed to other people's
tobacco smoke, said Richard Daynard, chairman of the Tobacco Products Liability
Project at Northeastern University in Boston.  ''We're accusing the cigarette
companies of selling a cancerous addiction and then affecting innocent people,''
said Peter Schwedock, one of the lawyers who filed the suit. ''These are
non-smokers.'' The Tobacco Institute, an industry trade group, would not
comment.  The suit was filed in Dade County Circuit Court in Miami on behalf of
several flight attendants.  AP (Following appeared in 3* edition.) LIBERIA Rebel
Leader Accepts Key Peace Provision Liberian rebel leader Charles Taylor agreed
Thursday to surrender territory held by his fighters to a West African
intervention force - a breakthrough in peace plans for the war-ravaged nation.
Elections will be held in Liberia in six months under an agreement reached after
an all-night meeting of West African and Liberian leaders in the Ivory Coast
town of Yamoussoukro. The accord was signed by heads of state and
representatives of 11 West African governments, by Taylor and by Amos Sawyer,
leader of a West African-backed interim government in Monrovia, the Liberian
capital.  But Prince Johnson, a rebel leader who killed President Samuel Doe,
remains camped near Monrovia and has declared he will not be bound by the
agreement because he was not invited to the talks.  AP ZAIRE Groups See
'Bloodbath' After Troops Withdraw Opposition and human rights leaders said
Thursday they feared bloody reprisals by President Mobutu Sese Seko once the
last foreign troops leave Zaire.  French and Belgian troops were sent in
September to evacuate foreigners from the central African nation during a
violent uprising against Mobuto.  France withdrew its last 150 soldiers
Thursday, and Belgium was preparing to remove its 800 paratroopers within a few
days.  The Sacred Union of opposition parties voted late Thursday in Kinshasa to
ask the Belgian troops to stay.  ''There will be a bloodbath,'' said Buana Kabwe
of the Zairean Human Rights League. ''Mobutu's men will kill a lot of people.''
AP

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; PHOTO HEDADSHOT of Kenneth Kaunda...President of Zambia. (Photo
appeared in 3* edition.)

                  Copyright 1991 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             806 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              April 1, 2013 Monday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Smackdown Druggie bldg. inspector in bribe bust

BYLINE: BY JOHN MARZULLI NEW YORK DAILY NEWS With Robert Gearty and Vera Chinese

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 392 words


THE FEDS HAVE busted a heroin-abusing city housing inspector who took bribes in
exchange for clearing infractions, the Daily News has learned."You take care of
me, and I'll take care of the violations," Housing Preservation and Development
inspector Pedro Diaz told the manager of several Bronx buildings, according to a
complaint filed in Manhattan Federal Court.

Diaz, 45, has admitted he bought heroin with the $3,000 he took from the
manager, who wore a wire to collect evidence against him. The inspector was
indicted last month and is free on $30,000 bail. His federal defender, Sarah
Baumgartel, declined to comment.

He's charged with mail fraud because he sent letters to the building manager
indicating the violations had been resolved.

"Diaz admitted in sum and substance that he had solicited and accepted the
bribes so that he could purchase heroin," FBI Special Agent Patrick Hanna stated
in court papers.

Besides the recordings made by the manager, the FBI obtained incriminating text
messages sent from the crooked inspector's cell phone showing that he was for
sale. "You got big problems here (at the manager's apartment building). You want
me to take care of it?" Diaz allegedly stated on Sept. 12.

Diaz fraudulently cleared more than 200 violations, including lead paint
violations, according to the complaint.

Diaz earned about $59,000 as an inspector. His arrest is the latest black eye
for the HPD, which was rocked by a scandal in 2011 with the arrest of Assistant
Commissioner Wendell Walters - the highest-ranking official in the Bloomberg
administration to be criminally charged with corruption.

Walters, who was assistant commissioner for new construction, was accused of
taking hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes and kickbacks linked to
housing developments in the city.

After Walters began singing to Brooklyn federal prosecutors last year, two more
HPD officials and three contractors were busted for taking bribes.

Michael Provenzano, former director of construction services, and former
inspector Luis Adorno were arrested and charged in the probe. Both pleaded
guilty, and Provenzano confessed to selling his office for annual payments of
$10,000 and a bottle of booze.

At the time, Brooklyn U.S. Attorney Loretta Lynch said the charges revealed a
widespread scheme to bribe HPD officials for lucrative construction contracts.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EXCLUSIVE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                             807 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            July 28, 2004 Wednesday

Indictments in $2M Bribe Scheme Snare Reputed Mobsters, Union

BYLINE: By AARON SMITH, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 485 words


Two reputed mobsters, five roofers' union officials, and the union local were
indicted on racketeering charges yesterday in a scheme to extort more than $2
million in cash bribes from 20 contractors.

"The corrupt arrangements spelled out in today's indictment did incalculable
harm to Local 8's honest members, who would have had many more opportunities to
work if Local 8's officials had enforced the union's agreements uniformly and
fairly," District Attorney Robert Morgenthau said yesterday.

"This is the second time we have had to clean up this union's mess, and with the
indictment of the union itself, we intend to insure that this will be the last,"
he said.

Alleged Genovese captain John "Johnny Sausage" Barbato, 70, of 86 Johanna Lane,
Staten Island, is accused of receiving cash payments from Local 8 business
manager Anthony "Tony Muscles" Guardino, 52, of 1011 Arden Ave., Staten Island.

The cash came from monthly bribes extorted from roofing contractors, according
to Mr. Morgenthau, and the bribes ranged between $1,500 and $2,000, totaling
$2,160,000.

Mr. Morgenthau said the contractors who paid the bribes were allowed to use
cheap nonunion labor, while non complying contractors were prohibited from using
power tools, "loaded up" with costly union roofers, and threatened with having
their work sites shut down.

"There was no violence," Mr. Morgenthau said. "There were threats, mostly to
their livelihoods."

Alleged Genovese associate Michael Verdi, 33, of 888 Rockland Ave., Staten
Island, is accused of arranging the meetings between Mr. Barbato and Mr.
Guardino and acting as driver and security for his capo.

The defendants are accused of replacing two previous Local 8 business agents and
several corrupt roofing contractors who were indicted in July 2000 for similar
labor bribery schemes, Mr. Morgenthau said.

Mr. Guardino was promoted to business manager of the Local 8 in January 2003, as
the result of a rigged election, Mr. Morgenthau said.

Other indicted leaders of the Local 8 include treasurer Joseph Garito, 57, of
1571 W. 5th St., Brooklyn, and three business agents: Sabatino Russo, 61, of
1973 W. 13th St., Brooklyn; John Esposito, 40, of 2797 Amboy Rd., Staten Island;
and Michael Errante, 48, of 215-24 40th Ave., Bayside. Mr. Guardino's live-in
girlfriend, Donna Catalano, 46, was charged with handling the bribe money.

The union - the Brooklyn-based Local Union No. 8 of the United Union of Roofers,
Waterproofers, and Allied Workers - was charged with racketeering as part of the
54-count indictment.

The racketeering indictments are the result of a two-year investigation using
wiretaps, as well as the seizure in July and August, 2003 of $133,000 and two
handguns from the homes of Mr. Guardino and Ms. Catalano.

Richard Levitt, a lawyer for Mr. Verdi, said his client surrendered and pleaded
not guilty. Attorneys for Mr. Barbato, Mr. Guardino, and the union were not
available.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             808 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday

State Department employee accused of taking bribes

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: LATEST NEWS

LENGTH: 380 words


WASHINGTON (AP) -- Federal authorities have arrested a State Department employee
suspected of taking tens of thousands of dollars in bribes and kickbacks on
contracts for Iraq reconstruction work.

Court records allege that 52-year-old Richard Lopez Razo began the illicit
venture in 2005 when he was working for a company based in California with
numerous contracts in Iraq.

In August 2008, Razo began working for the State Department as a provincial
program manager overseeing rebuilding projects in southern Iraq. According to
the court filings unsealed Monday, he "continued his scheme to obtain bribes in
return for the award of U.S. government contracts to Iraqi contractors."

Razo was arrested Friday and released on personal recognizance.

A woman who answered a Fayetteville, N.C., phone number that Razo listed in a
court document said he was traveling and couldn't be reached.

The case is being handled by the office of the special inspector general for
Iraq reconstruction. The office declined to comment on the case because it is
ongoing.

But a 16-page affidavit from James Wray, a special agent with the special
inspector general's office, describes repeated instances where Razo used his
position to steer contracts to Iraqi construction companies in exchange for
payments he eventually deposited in a personal bank account.

From 2005 through 2006, Razo worked as a security and logistics manager in Iraq
for Innovative Technical Solutions, Inc., a government contractor headquartered
in Walnut Creek, Calif. According to the court records, the company, known as
ITSI, was involved in building facilities for the Iraqi army.

The court records state that Razo solicited and received money from Hayder Al
Batat, an Iraqi who was the subject of a previous federal investigation into
alleged kickbacks on construction contracts. That inquiry led investigators to
e-mails between Al Batat and Razo.

They determined that Razo received about $50,000 for helping Al Batat get hired
as a subcontractor to ITSI.

Portions of the e-mails are included in Wray's affidavit and show that Razo had
difficulty getting Al Batat to honor the terms of their deal. Even after Razo
left ITSI, investigators say he sent Al Batat dozens of e-mails demanding
$22,500 for kickbacks that hadn't been paid.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             809 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                             May 24, 2006 Wednesday

Congressman filmed accepting $100,000 bribe

BYLINE: Denis Staunton in Washington

SECTION: WORLD; Other World Stories; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 505 words


US: The FBI says it filmed him accepting $100,000 in bribe money and later found
$90,000 in cash in his apartment freezer, wrapped in aluminium foil and hidden
in food containers. But Louisiana congressman William Jefferson has no intention
of resigning his seat and expects to stand for election again in November,
insisting that he can explain everything.

"There are two sides to every story; there are certainly two sides to this
story. There will be an appropriate time and forum when that can be explained,"
he said.

Mr Jefferson, a Democrat from New Orleans, was speaking outside his Capitol Hill
office, which FBI officers raided last weekend, triggering a heated debate in
Washington over America's constitutional separation of powers between the
executive and legislative branches of government.

The Republican speaker of the House of Representatives, Dennis Hastert, issued
an angry statement about the raid, declaring that, regardless of Mr Jefferson's
alleged wrongdoing, the Justice Department should not have ordered the search.

"Insofar as I am aware, since the founding of our Republic 219 years ago, the
Justice Department has never found it necessary to do what it did Saturday
night, crossing this separation of powers line, in order to successfully
prosecute corruption by members of Congress. Nothing I have learned in the last
48 hours leads me to believe that there was any necessity to change the
precedent established over those 219 years," Mr Hastert said.

The FBI says that Mr Jefferson sought the $100,000 as part of a deal to bribe a
high-ranking Nigerian official in connection with a high-tech business deal in
that country. A woman involved in the deal agreed to record conversations with
the congressman after she started to suspect him of defrauding her of a $3.5
million investment in the project.

An affidavit claims that Mr Jefferson sought a share of the profits from the
deal for his children, and told the investor that his Nigerian contact had to
pay bribes to ensure the deal's success.

"We need him. We got to motivate him really good. He's got a lot of folks to pay
off," Mr Jefferson is quoted as telling the informant.

Mr Jefferson has not been charged and has denied any wrongdoing, but two of his
associates have pleaded guilty to bribery-related charges. Pleading guilty to
bribery-related charges in January, former congressional aide Brett Pfeffer said
Mr Jefferson demanded money in exchange for help in brokering two African
telecommunications deals.

Vernon Jackson, chief executive of iGate Inc, the Louisville, Kentucky,
telecommunications firm at the centre of the allegations, has also pleaded
guilty to bribery, saying he paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to Mr
Jefferson and his family members in exchange for help in securing business deals
in Nigeria, Ghana and Cameroon.

Congressional Democrats have distanced themselves from Mr Jefferson, fearing the
allegations against him could undermine their claim that Republicans have
introduced a "culture of corruption" to Washington.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                             810 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   New Orleans CityBusiness (New Orleans, LA)

                                February 2, 2006

Federal grand jury indicts two with soliciting FEMA bribes

BYLINE: CityBusiness Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 170  words


U.S. District Attorney Jim Letten said today a federal grand jury has returned
an indictment charging two Federal Emergency Management Agency officials with
soliciting bribes as public officials while working in New Orleans.Andrew Rose
and Loyd Holliman, Colorado residents and FEMA disaster assistance employees,
managed the Algiers FEMA base. The defendants face a maximum penalty of 15 years
imprisonment and a fine of $250,000.Rose and Holliman were arrested Jan. 27 at
the New Orleans FEMA base camp after allegedly taking two envelopes containing
$10,000 each as illegal bribe payments.The investigation began after Rose and
Holliman allegedly approached a local contractor and solicited a bribe in
exchange for inflating the headcount for a $1-million meal service contract at
the Algiers base.During a subsequent meeting Jan. 19, Rose allegedly demanded
$20,000 from the contractor to split with Holliman and allegedly indicated
Holliman would continue to intentionally inflate the occupancy number at the
base camp.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             811 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                          November 14, 2007 Wednesday

Bay oil spill probe centres on pilot

SECTION: WORLD NEWS; World News

LENGTH: 342 words


INVESTIGATORS want to know whether a ship pilot under investigation in San
Francisco Bay's biggest oil spill in nearly two decades initially played down
the damage to his vessel, Coastguard chiefs say.

Immediately after the Cosco Busan struck the Bay Bridge last week, Captain John
Cota quickly radioed authorities to report the vessel had "touched'' the bridge,
according to an official with knowledge of the investigation.

McDonald's boss on bribe charges

THE managing director of the McDonald's restaurant chain in Hong Kong has been
charged with taking bribes from a corn supplier, the territory's anti-corruption
body said.

Lau Si-sing (47) will appear in court to hear the charges, two counts of
accepting bribes and one count of trying to pervert the course of justice, the
Independent Commission Against Corruption said.

US control over Web is hot topic

US CONTROL over how internet addresses are assigned has dominated discussions as
a United Nations conference on the internet opened in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

While few participants at the Internet Governance Forum attacked the US
directly, most were well aware of the role Americans played in crafting domain
name policies.

Old movie studio gets makeover

THE film studio site where 'Some Like It Hot' and 'West Side Story' were shot
will become the home of four new office buildings, says a firm that has bought
it.

The new buildings on the old Warner Hollywood Studios site will be going up next
year.

Ancient chocolate lovers discovered

RESIDENTS of Central America were enjoying chocolate drinks more than 3,000
years ago, half a millennium earlier than previously thought, new research
shows.

Archaeologists made the discovery after studying the remains of pottery used in
the lower Ulua Valley in northern Honduras about 1100 BC.

Hillary defendsher pragmatism

US DEMOCRAT presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton says her image as a calculating
politician comes from her pragmatic focus on results.

The price for pragmatism was to sometimes be viewed as calculating, the New York
senator said.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Independent News and Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             812 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           December 4, 1980 Thursday

Democrats found guilty in bribe plot

BYLINE: REUT

LENGTH: 120 words

DATELINE: New York NY


NEW YORK  (Reuter) - A federal jury found Democratic Congressmen John
 Murphy and Frank Thompson guilty of conspiracy charges last night in the
 latest Abscam political corruption trial.

The two men were indicted following an investigation by federal agents
 posing as representatives of Arab sheiks willing to pay bribes to American
 officials for help with immigration problems.

Mr. Murphy, an 18-year member of the House representing New York City's
 borough of Staten Island, and Mr. Thompson, a 26-year representative of a
 central New Jersey district, each were charged with taking $50,000 in
 bribes.

However, the jury convicted only Mr. Thompson of the bribery charge. He
 could get up to 22 years in jail and Mr. Murphy nine.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1980 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             813 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 12, 2016 Saturday

Former Officer with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Sentenced to
nearly 3 Years in Federal Prison in Bribery Case

LENGTH: 512  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Central District of
California has issued the following news release:



  A former immigration services officer with U.S. Citizenship and Immigration
Services (USCIS) who had the power to approve applications for citizenship has
been sentenced to 33 months in federal prison for taking tens of thousands of
dollars in bribes.





             Daniel Espejo Amos, 68, of Lakewood, was sentenced late Friday
afternoon by United States District Judge Michael W. Fitzgerald.



             Amos pleaded guilty in April to one count of conspiracy and one
count of being a public official who accepted cash bribes. When he pleaded
guilty, Amos admitted that he accepted more than $53,000 in bribes from
immigration consultants on behalf of immigrants who were not eligible to become
naturalized United States citizens.



             "This defendant violated his oath to the United States by accepting
more than $53,000 in cash bribes in exchange for helping at least 60 aliens to
obtain U.S. citizenship - even though he knew the immigrants did not qualify for
this benefit," said United States Attorney Eileen M. Decker. "This defendant's
corruption also undermined our naturalization system and damaged the public's
faith in government, warranting the sentence imposed by the court."



             In a plea agreement filed in this case, Amos admitted accepting
bribes in exchange for committing official acts, including falsely certifying
that immigrants had met requirements for citizenship that include "passing" the
English competency and civics portions of the naturalization interview and
examination administered by USCIS. In at least one case, the immigrant's
English-language skills were so poor that Amos gave him copies of test answers
so the immigrant could memorize them prior to his naturalization interview.



             The case against Amos is part of an investigation by the U.S.
Department of Homeland Security's Homeland Security Investigations (HSI); the
U.S. Department of Homeland Security, Office of the Inspector General; and the
Federal Bureau of Investigation.



             "As the largest investigative arm of the Department of Homeland
Security, one of HSI's top enforcement priorities is targeting the criminals and
criminal organizations that undermine the integrity of our nation's legal
immigration system," said Joseph Macias, special agent in charge for HSI Los
Angeles. "We will continue to work with our counterparts to investigate those
who misuse their positions of authority to manipulate and exploit that system
for their own personal financial gain."



             John Roth, Department of Homeland Security Inspector General,
stated that "The Office of Inspector General is committed to working with our
law enforcement partners to aggressively investigate all allegations of
corruption by DHS employees, ensuring the integrity of DHS programs, personnel,
and operations."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             814 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

New Mexico: Angus Kelly McGinty Allegedly Solicited and Accepted Bribes in
Exchange for Issuing Favorable Judicial Rulings

LENGTH: 876  words

DATELINE: Santa Fe


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Mexico has issued the
following press release:

A federal grand jury sitting in San Antonio, Texas, has indicted Angus Kelly
McGinty, 50, a former Texas state district court judge in Bexar County, Texas,
on bribery, extortion and wire fraud charges, announced Damon P. Martinez, U.S.
Attorney for the District of New Mexico, and Christopher Combs, Special Agent in
Charge of the FBI's San Antonio Division.

The 15-count indictment, which was filed in the U.S. District Court for the
Western District of Texas late yesterday afternoon, charges McGinty with one
count of conspiracy to commit federal programs bribery, one count of federal
programs bribery, one count of extortion under color of official right, and 12
counts of honest services wire fraud.  At the time of the events underlying the
charges in the indictment, McGinty was a state district court judge in the
criminal division of the 144th Judicial District Court in Bexar County, Texas.
The indictment generally alleges that between Jan. 2013 and Sept. 2013, McGinty
solicited and accepted bribes from an attorney who appeared before him in
exchange for favorable rulings for the attorney's clients.  McGinty resigned
from the bench on Feb. 14, 2014.
In announcing the indictment, U.S. Attorney Damon P. Martinez said, "The outcome
of criminal cases should be determined by the evidence and the law, not by
paid-for bias.  When citizens cannot have faith in the very people who are sworn
to uphold the law, confidence in our judicial system is shaken.  The Justice
Department is committed to restoring that faith by rooting out corruption
wherever it may be found."

"A fair and impartial criminal justice system is one of the cornerstones of our
democracy," said FBI Special Agent in Charge Christopher Combs.  "Judges, in
particular, are expected to protect the public's trust in the fairness of the
judicial system. Investigations such as the one leading to today's indictment
are crucial to deter corrupt officials influenced by greed from breaking their
oath to uphold the rule of law.  This case should serve as a strong warning to
those who might consider similar alleged behavior.  No one is above the law, and
everyone is accountable for their misdeeds."

According to the indictment's conspiracy count, from Jan. 2013 through Sept.
2013, McGinty allegedly solicited and accepted bribes from Alberto Acevedo, Jr.,
an attorney in San Antonio, in exchange for favorable judicial rulings that
benefited Acevedo and his clients.  The indictment alleges that Acevedo's bribes
to McGinty included cash, car repairs, arranging the sale of McGinty's vehicle,
and registering a vehicle purchased by McGinty.  In exchange, McGinty allegedly
provided the favorable judicial rulings requested by Acevedo, including lenient
sentences and less restrictive conditions of release for Acevedo's clients.
McGinty allegedly received gifts, payments and other things of value totaling
more than $6,655 from Acevedo during the course of the conspiracy.

Count 2 of the indictment alleges that McGinty corruptly solicited and accepted
bribes in the form of car repairs and services to vehicles from Acevedo in
exchange for using his official position to benefit Acevedo and his clients.
Count 3 alleges that McGinty acting under color of official right in extorting
and obtaining property to which he was not entitled from Acevedo.  Counts 4
through 15 charge McGinty with engaging in a scheme to defraud the State of
Texas and Bexar County and their citizens of their right to his honest services
by soliciting and accepting bribes from Acevedo in exchange for using his
official position to benefit Acevedo and his clients.  Each of the 12 counts
alleges a specific wire communication by which McGinty allegedly perpetuated the
fraudulent scheme.

If convicted on the charges in the indictment, McGinty faces a statutory maximum
penalty of 20 years in federal prison and a $250,000 fine.  The charges against
McGinty are merely accusations and he is presumed innocent unless found guilty
in a court of law.

Acevedo pled guilty on March 17, 2014, to a felony information charging him with
bribery involving a program receiving federal funds.  In entering his guilty
plea, Acevedo admitted that he corruptly influenced a state court judge by
giving him things of value.  In his plea agreement, Acevedo admitted giving
gifts, payments and other things of value totaling more than $6,655 to the state
court judge in exchange for favorable judicial rulings that benefitted him and
his clients.  At sentencing, Acevedo faces a maximum statutory penalty of ten
years in prison and a $250,000 fine.  Acevedo is released on bond pending his
sentencing hearing, which has yet to be scheduled.

U.S. Attorney Damon P. Martinez praised the investigative work of the San
Antonio Division of the FBI, which he noted is ongoing.  The prosecution of this
case in federal court in San Antonio, Texas, is being handled by Special
Attorneys Mark A. Saltman and Brock E. Taylor of the U.S. Attorney's Office for
the District of New Mexico.  The U.S. Attorney's Office for the Western District
of Texas is recused.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/nm

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             815 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             May 5, 2004 Wednesday

Plan to make Curran a village goes to governor

BYLINE: STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 364 words


The Illinois House voted unanimously Tuesday for a proposal that would allow
unincorporated Curran to become a village.

The main House sponsor of Senate Bill 2151, Rep. Rich Brauer, R-Petersburg, said
that by incorporating, Curran would be able to seek grants to help solve its
sewage problems. Curran is just west of Springfield. At present, the law does
not allow it to incorporate.

The bill, which the Senate already approved, heads to the governor. It would
become law with his signature.

Driver bribes

On a vote of 118-0, the House sent to the governor a measure meant to impose
stricter punishment on anyone who tries to bribe a worker in an Illinois driver
testing facility.

Secretary of State Jesse White, who is in charge of those facilities, backed
Senate Bill 2167. The bill cleared the Senate in March, and the governor's
signature would make it law.

The measure would let White's office impose a 120-day suspension of driving
privileges for people who try to bribe driving examiners. White's office also
could prevent such a person from applying for a driver's license for 120 days.

Jim Burns, inspector general in the secretary of state's office, said in a news
release that the ability to suspend or deny a license is important because small
bribery attempts sometimes do not get prosecuted.

In addition, the legislation makes it a Class 2 felony to offer or give a bribe
to a driving examiner, and for a driving examiner to accept or solicit a bribe.
A Class 2 felony is punishable by a prison term of three to seven years and a
fine of up to $25,000.

The bill would apply to independently operated driving schools, as well as to
state-run driving facilities. At present, the law punishes only state officials
who solicit or accept bribes.

Movie pirates

To deter the practice of "pirating" films, the Illinois House voted 117-1 to
create a new law that would make it a felony to take a video camera into a movie
theater without permission.

"We want to protect the interests of the (film) industry," said the sponsor of
Senate Bill 2134, Rep. William Delgado, D-Chicago.

The bill already passed in the Senate, and it goes to the governor.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2004 The State Journal-Register


                             816 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 25, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Defense Attacks Credibility of Witnesses in Newark Bribery Case

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 28;  Column 1;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: NEWARK, March 24


Lawyers for two prominent Newark politicians accused of accepting tens of
thousands of dollars in bribes denounced the prosecution's case today,
maintaining that the evidence against their clients was based on innuendo,
hearsay and, sometimes, outright lies.

In closing arguments in the five-week trial in Federal District Court here, the
defense lawyers repeatedly attacked the credibility of two of the prosecution's
central witnesses, both of whom pleaded guilty and testified for the Government
after being ensnared in a scheme to seek municipal towing contracts.

The prosecution charges that the two politicians, Councilman Gary Harris, 41,
and former Councilman Ralph T. Grant Jr., 59, were also involved in the
conspiracy, contending that they connived to give the contracts to a towing
company that later turned out to be a front for an F.B.I. sting operation. The
prosecution said the company paid the bribes in 1991 and 1992.

The defense lawyers maintained that a close hearing of the audio tapes on which
the prosecution has rested its allegations showed that neither defendant sought
bribes. The lawyers said the prosecution's witnesses had lied under oath when
they said they had passed money to the defendants.

They said statements on the tapes, recorded by undercover operatives at numerous
meetings involving the defendants, prove that the witnesses were cheats who
should not to be believed.

"Would any of you give him money to go to the store to buy a loaf of bread
without fear that he wouldn't come back?" Mr. Harris's lawyer, Thomas R. Ashley,
asked the jury, referring to Bobie Cottle, one of the witnesses who pleaded
guilty and testified for the Government.

Mr. Grant's lawyer, Clarence Faines 3d, acknowledged that Mr. Grant had met with
the undercover operatives on numerous occasions, but only, Mr. Faines said,
because that was Mr. Grant's job: to encourage businesses to come to Newark. Mr.
Grant never received any money, Mr. Faines said.

"He's a legislator," Mr. Faines said of Mr. Grant. "He talks to people. He is
interested in things going on in Newark. They have not demonstrated that Ralph
did anything in terms of a bribe or in furtherance of a bribe. They want to
create the appearance of impropriety. See, if you can't get the real thing,
create the appearance. And that's what we have here."

In his rebuttal, Larry Stephen, head of corruption investigations at the United
States Attorney's office, said the defense was presenting events out of context
in an effort to prove that there was no conspiracy. But Mr. Stephen said the
evidence was overwhelming, and he ridiculed the defendants' explanations for
their dealings with the prosecution's witnesses.

He also criticized the defense lawyers for saying that the case was an example
of how the Federal Government abuses its authority. He told the jury, which is
to begin deliberations on Monday, that the defendants were the ones who had
misused their power.

"A corrupt system hurts everybody except the greedy, corrupt politician," Mr.
Stephen said. "He gets rich.

"What we are trying to do here is clean government up so people can have some
faith in it."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             817 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 4, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

LAWYERS DELIVER DIFFERING VIEW OF EX-CITY AIDE

BYLINE: By M. A. FARBER

SECTION: Section B; Page 8, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 959 words


Prosecution and defense lawyers painted widely varying portraits yesterday of
John J. McLaughlin, the former president of the city's Health and Hospitals
Corporation, in opening arguments in the first trial related to the city's
corruption scandal.

Prosecutors depicted Mr. McLaughlin as a corrupt public official and a crooked
administrator of a private trust. The defense, meanwhile, portrayed him as an
honest investor whose civil dispute with a wealthy woman he represented had been
escalated into an unjust criminal prosecution.

Mr. McLaughlin is on trial in State Supreme Court in Manhattan on charges of
accepting a $150,000 bribe to assure city contracts for Numed Inc., a
health-care consulting concern based in Encino, Calif., and on charges of
stealing more than $250,000 from Ann L. Maytag, an adopted daughter of the
founder of the washing machine company.

Thomas P. Puccio, Mr. McLaughlin's lawyer, told the jury of eight women and four
men that his client had neither accepted a bribe nor defrauded Miss Maytag and
that an indictment was ''proof of nothing.''

An Angry Objection

These days, Mr. Puccio said derisively, ''every public official's case contains
a bribery count.''

Michael McManus, an assistant district attorney, leaped to his feet to object,
his face and neck reddening deeply. Justice Rose L. Rubin sustained his
objection to Mr. Puccio's remark.

In his own opening statement, Mr. McManus said the bribe consisted of discounted
stock in Numed that had been sold to Mr. McLaughlin in 1983 by Maurice Lewitt,
the president of the health-care company.

At that time, Mr. McLaughlin was the city's Commissioner of Financial Services.
But he assisted in successful negotiations between Numed and the Health and
Hospitals Corporation, where he had been general counsel in 1981 and 1982. Mr.
McLaughlin became president of the hospitals corporation, which runs the world's
largest municipal hospital system, in early 1984.

Mr. McManus said the Numed stock was accepted in Miss Maytag's name ''but that
was merely a convenient disguise for a bribe between two knowledgeable,
sophisticated attorneys.''

'Insider Information'

Mr. Lewitt, who is also a lawyer and has denied any wrongdoing, has not been
charged with any crime.

Mr. McManus said that, in return for the bribe, Mr. McLaughlin provided Numed
officials in 1985 with ''important insider information'' on hospital projects.
The information had been gathered, he said, for Stanley Brezenoff, the city's
First Deputy Mayor and Mr. McLaughlin's predecessor as president of the
hospitals corporation.

The information, the prosecutor said, gave Numed ''an inside track on other
vendors.'' He added, ''It was a payback on his corrupt deal.''

But Mr. Puccio said that Mr. Brezenoff would testify that he himself was
responsible for the awarding of contracts to Numed and that Mr. McLaughlin had
''nothing'' to do with it. $4 Million in Contracts Lee Jones, a spokesman for
Mr. Brezenoff, said yesterday that the Deputy Mayor was almost certain to
testify but preferred not to discuss his testimony in advance.

Numed received about $4 million in city contracts between 1981 and 1985.

Mr. McLaughlin, who resigned as president of the Health and Hospitals
Corporation when he came under investigation last summer, showed no emotion
during the proceedings yesterday. The 40-year-old defendant made notes on a
yellow legal pad and occasionally rested his head on the palm of his hand.

Mr. McManus said the prosecution would call 25 to 30 witnesses, play a secretly
recorded statement Mr. McLaughlin made to the authorities and introduce a
shopping cart full of documents.

Both Mr. McManus and Mr. Puccio underscored that Mr. McLaughlin's longtime
relationship with Miss Maytag, who now lives in Santa Fe, N.M., was vital to an
understanding of the case.

'The Perfect Victim'

Mr. McManus said that, for Mr. McLaughlin, Miss Maytag had been ''the perfect
victim'' - a woman who drank too much and who was unable to handle alone the
financial arrangements that attended her wealth.

Miss Maytag, who is expected to be testify, met Mr. McLaughlin when he was in
private practice in Manhattan in the 1970's. When Miss Maytag had a falling out
over fees with a lawyer, Mr. McManus said, Mr. McLaughlin became co-trustee of
her trust and trustee of a trust for her son, John Poulos.

Mr. McManus said that, through a pattern of ''lies and deceit,'' Mr. McLaughlin
had not only abused Miss Maytag's dependence on him but, using her name in the
stock transaction with Numed, had also become a corrupt official.

The prosecutor contended that Mr. McLaughlin had Miss Maytag sign blank legal
and other documents, manipulated her money to enrich himself, forged and
double-billed her for airline trips and ''stole'' a cooperative apartment from
her.

The apartment, at 80 Warren Street, figures in the bribery aspect of the case
because Mr. McLaughlin, who exercised an option to buy it from Miss Maytag in
late 1983 for $125,000, credited himself with $50,172 as a result of the Numed
stock deal. But in his August 1985 statement, Mr. McLaughlin told prosecutors
that he bought the stock for Miss Maytag because he realized it would be a
conflict of interest with his public position to buy it himself.

Mr. Puccio told the jury that Mr. McLaughlin had a business, not merely a
fiduciary, relationship with Miss Maytag and that, until Miss Maytag complained
to the District Attorney's office in 1985, she had been content to negotiate a
financial reconciliation with Mr. McLaughlin.

Mr. Puccio described Miss Maytag as a woman who was ''used to getting her own
way'' and as ''a woman who hires and fires professionals like you and I get up
in the morning''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                             818 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                  Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 9, 2012 Monday

Zach Scruggs takes appeal to Fifth Circuit

BYLINE: Patsy R. Brumfield, Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal, Tupelo

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 792 words


July 09--NEW ORLEANS, La. --A three-judge panel listened and asked questions
Monday about issues former Oxford attorney Zach Scruggs raises in his quest to
have his 2008 conviction and sentence overturned.

"They asked all the right questions," said Scruggs attorney, Edward "Chip"
Robertson Jr., after the hour-long hearing in the Fifth Circuit Court of
Appeals' ornate En Banc Courtroom in downtown New Orleans. "They focused on the
right issues, now we'll see."

Scruggs, 38, pleaded guilty to knowing about, concealing and failing to report a
felony --in this case some else's illegal contact with a judge presiding over a
legal-fees lawsuit against his litigator father, Richard F. "Dickie" Scruggs,
and others surrounding Katrina insurance cases.

In November 2007, both Scruggses, a law partner, and two others were indicted on
multiple counts that they conspired to bribe Circuit Judge Henry L. Lackey of
Calhoun City. The government also alleged they tried to deprive the public of
Lackey's "honest services." Everyone but Zach Scruggs pleaded guilty to one
count and went to prison.

Zach Scruggs insisted he knew nothing about a bribery scheme, but pleaded guilty
to knowing about the conversations with the judge about sending their case to
arbitration.

In Oxford, Senior Judge Neal B. Biggers Jr. sentenced him to 14 months in prison
and $250,000 fine with 12 months post-release supervision.

Months later, the U.S. Supreme Court ruled in the Texas case Skilling v. USA
that only bribery or kickbacks are so-called "honest services" crimes.

Scruggs maintains he pleaded guilty to neither.

In the Fifth Circuit hearing, Robertson reminded the judges that Biggers agreed
at Scruggs' sentencing that he did not plead guilty to any part of a bribery
case.

Key to their side's issues, Robertson said, was that the document, which charged
him, charged Scruggs with misprision to something that isn't even a crime.

Assistant U.S. Attorney John Marshall Alexander insisted during the government's
30 minutes allotted that the younger Scruggs knew about the bribe.

Jackson attorney Mike Moore, the former state attorney general, was at counsel
table with Robertson. Assistant U.S. Attorney Clay Dabbs was with Alexander.

Two of the appeals court judges --Senior Judge Patrick E. Higginbotham and Judge
W. Eugene Davis --asked numerous questions of both sides, while Judge James L.
Dennis listened.

Couldn't a reasonable juror conclude that payment to co-defendant Timothy
Balducci for pre-trial work "was just a cover for a bribe?" Davis said to
Robertson.

"It's important to look at the evidence," Robertson responded, saying Balducci
admitted he never talked to Zach Scruggs about a bribe and that a Nov. 1, 2007,
conversation about edits to the judge's proposed arbitration order gave no
indication Scruggs knew.

"You can't join a conspiracy without an affirmative action," Robertson said.
"This whole case boils down to those eight minutes," referring to the secretly
recorded meeting in the Scruggs Law Firm on the Square in Oxford.

Dennis, though, suggested Scruggs might have known as Balducci talked about
"taking another load of sweet potatoes" to Lackey that it was about money, a
bribe.

"If you know he means money, yes," Robertson responded. "But I believe --if you
hear the tapes --he doesn't join the conspiracy."

Davis asked Alexander if no crime is charged in the pleading documents, would
the court have no jurisdiction, in the wake of the Skilling decision?

"Skilling did not invalidate misprision," Alexander responded.

He told the judges that Scruggs knew about the bribe and that Balducci told him
to get the arbitration order right "because we're paying for it."

But, Judge Higginbotham asked him, does his indictment or record of his plea
state an underlying felony?

Alexander said an associated document, called the factual basis, "shows it was
to corruptly influence."

Higginbotham also noted that when Scruggs pleaded guilty, he was emphatic that
he knew nothing about the bribery, and that Biggers accepted that.

While Alexander told the panel "it didn't matter at the time," Higginbotham
said, "It does here. I don't see any specific conduct being charged."

The crime was conspiracy to bribe and honest services bribery, which "are
Skilling-proof," Alexander responded.

Higginbotham and Davis, though, appeared skeptical on that point.

The panel's decision isn't likely immediately, and whoever loses may seek
further relief from the U.S. Supreme Court.

However, the nation's highest court makes its own decisions about what it will
hear.

patsy.brumfield@journalinc.com

___ (c)2012 the Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) Visit the
Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal (Tupelo, Miss.) at www.nems360.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120709-TP-Zach-Scruggs-takes-appeal-to-Fifth-Circuit-0709-20120709

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TP


               Copyright 2012 Northeast Mississippi Daily Journal


                             819 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 28, 2004 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

2 GUILTY IN UNION-BRIBE PROBE

BYLINE: By BARBARA ROSS DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 244 words


The president of the New York District Council of Carpenters and a business
agent for one of its locals were convicted yesterday of taking a bribe from a
mob-run firm to let it use nonunion workers.

After a day of deliberations, a Manhattan jury convicted council boss Michael
Forde and Local 608 agent Thomas Devereaux of accepting $10,000 in cash as part
of a $50,000 promised bribe.

The payment was made by a defunct construction company owned by Sean Richard in
connection with renovations at the Park Central Hotel in midtown.

Richard, the former son-in-law of the imprisoned boss of the New Jersey-based
DeCavalcante crime family, was the key prosecution witness.

Forde, 50, of Woodside, Queens, and Devereaux, 53, of Cresskill, N.J., face
anywhere from probation to seven years behind bars when they are sentenced by
Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Jeffrey Atlas on June 30.

They were among 38 people and 11 companies indicted on racketeering charges in
September 2000 after a three-year probe by the Manhattan district attorney's
office and the NYPD into mob-controlled contractors.

Richard, 39, said he put $10,000 cash in an envelope and gave it to Tony
Rucereto to give to the union officials over a beer in Hooters, a restaurant
across from the hotel on Seventh Ave.

Forde, who was elected head of the 25,000-member district council in 1999 after
his predecessor was convicted of corruption charges, will have to relinquish his
post because of the conviction.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                             820 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 17, 2013 Thursday

CBP bridge bribe sends Mexican national to prison

BYLINE: Jacqueline Armendariz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words


Jan. 17--A Rio Bravo man officials said bribed a U.S. Customs and Border
Protection officer at the Progreso international bridge was sentenced to a
year-and-a-half in federal prison Wednesday.

Jose Luis Huerta-Aguilar, 32, pleaded guilty to bribing a public official in
November, according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney's Office in
Houston.

Huerta established radio communication with the CBP officer in June. He
coordinated with the officer to allow him and two other illegal immigrants to
enter the country, the release said.

Two days after their first contact, Huerta met with the officer at the Progreso
bridge and paid the bribe in U.S. and Mexican currency in order to enter the
country without inspection.

Huerta is expected to face deportation proceedings following his release from
prison.

The release did not note whether the officer involved also faced charges or has
been sentenced. A request for comment from the U.S. Attorney's Office in Houston
was not returned by press time.

The investigation into the case was conducted jointly by the Department of
Homeland Security Office of Inspector General, Office of Professional
Responsibility and CBP Office of Internal Affairs. Assistant U.S. Attorney Juan
Villescas prosecuted the case.

Jacqueline Armendariz covers law enforcement, courts and general assignments for
The Monitor. She can be reached at jarmendariz@themonitor.com and (956)
683-4434.

___ (c)2013 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130117-MC-CBP-bridge-bribe
-sends-Mexican-national-to-prison-0117-20130117

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2013 The Monitor


                             821 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Corrections Officer Sentenced to 18 Months in Prison for Accepting Cash Bribes

LENGTH: 336  words


An Essex County corrections officer was sentenced today to 18 months in prison
for his involvement in a scheme to smuggle marijuana, cell phones and tobacco
into the Essex County Correctional Facility, a federal pretrial detention
facility, in exchange for cash bribe payments, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.


Stephon Solomon, 27, of Irvington, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Mary L. Cooper in Trenton federal court to an information
charging him with one count of conspiring to commit extortion under color of
official right. Judge Cooper imposed the sentence today in Trenton federal
court.
According to the documents filed in this and other cases and statements made in
court:
On multiple occasions between October 2013 and May 2014, Solomon, a corrections
officer at the Essex County Correctional Facility, smuggled contraband -
including cell phones, tobacco, and marijuana - to Quasim Nichols, 29, a federal
pretrial detainee, in exchange for cash bribes. Darsell Davis, 29, and Dwayne
Harper, 30, friends of Nichols, aided in the smuggling scheme by collecting the
contraband to be smuggled into the facility. Solomon received the contraband and
cash bribes from Davis and then smuggled the contraband to Nichols, who
ultimately sold some of the marijuana and cell phones to other inmates. The
inmates purchasing marijuana and cell phones from Nichols had their friends and
family pay for the items by sending Western Union money transfers to Nichols,
who enlisted Davis and others to retrieve those payments for him.
In addition to the prison term, Judge Cooper sentenced Solomon to three years of
supervised release.
U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and investigators with the
Internal Affairs Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the
leadership of Warden Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to today's
sentencing. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             822 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Owner of Education-Services Companies Pleads Guilty to Offering
Bribes and Kickbacks to Chicago Public Schools Chief in Exchange for Contract

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The owner of two education-services companies admitted in federal court today
that he offered bribes and kickbacks to former Chicago Public Schools chief
BARBARA BYRD-BENNETT in exchange for obtaining a $2.09 million contract to train
principals.



 GARY SOLOMON admitted in a written plea agreement that he offered bribes and
kickbacks to then-CPS chief Byrd-Bennett in exchange for her efforts to steer
the sole-source contract to Solomon's companies, THE SUPES ACADEMY LLC and
SYNESI ASSOCIATES LLC.  Byrd-Bennett had previously worked for the companies,
and her fraudulent arrangement with Solomon called for her to return there as a
consultant upon leaving CPS, according to the plea agreement.  Solomon
maintained a line item within the companies' internal financial statements to
set aside the kickback money, which would be paid to Byrd-Bennett in the form of
a one-time signing bonus on her first day back, the plea agreement states.
Solomon told Byrd-Bennett in an email, "If you only join for the day, you will
be the highest paid person on the planet for that day. Regardless, it will be
paid out on day one."

 In addition to arranging the kickbacks, Solomon also provided Byrd-Bennett with
numerous other benefits, including meals and tickets to sporting events.

 Solomon, 48, of Wilmette, pleaded guilty to one count of honest services wire
fraud.  The conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.

 The Wilmette-based SUPES and Evanston-based Synesi also pleaded guilty today as
corporate defendants to one count of honest services wire fraud.  Each company
faces a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or gross loss resulting
from the offense, whichever is greater.  The government anticipates that the
advisory guideline fine will be in the range of $3.2 million to $6.4 million.

 In addition to potential prison terms and fines, the individual and corporate
defendants also will be ordered to join in a restitution payment to CPS.  The
defendants and the government agree that the total amount of restitution is
$254,000, minus any credit for funds repaid prior to sentencing.

 A sentencing hearing for Solomon, SUPES and Synesi has been scheduled for March
24, 2017, before U.S. District Judge Edmond E. Chang.

 The guilty pleas were announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney
for the Northern District of Illinois; Michael J. Anderson, Acting Special
Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation;
and Nicholas J. Schuler, Inspector General for the Chicago Public Schools.

 All five defendants charged in the case have now been convicted.  Byrd-Bennett,
67, of Solon, Ohio, pleaded guilty last year to one count of honest services
wire fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  THOMAS
VRANAS, a co-owner of SUPES and Synesi, pleaded guilty earlier this year to one
count of conspiracy to commit federal program bribery.  Vranas, 35, of Glenview,
faces up to five years in prison.  A sentencing hearing for Byrd-Bennett and
Vranas has not yet been scheduled.

 The government is represented by Assistant United States Attorneys Megan
Cunniff Church and Lindsay Jenkins.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             823 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Owner of Education-Services Companies Pleads Guilty to Offering
Bribes and Kickbacks to Chicago Public Schools Chief in Exchange for Contract

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The owner of two education-services companies admitted in federal court today
that he offered bribes and kickbacks to former Chicago Public Schools chief
BARBARA BYRD-BENNETT in exchange for obtaining a $2.09 million contract to train
principals.



 GARY SOLOMON admitted in a written plea agreement that he offered bribes and
kickbacks to then-CPS chief Byrd-Bennett in exchange for her efforts to steer
the sole-source contract to Solomon's companies, THE SUPES ACADEMY LLC and
SYNESI ASSOCIATES LLC.  Byrd-Bennett had previously worked for the companies,
and her fraudulent arrangement with Solomon called for her to return there as a
consultant upon leaving CPS, according to the plea agreement.  Solomon
maintained a line item within the companies' internal financial statements to
set aside the kickback money, which would be paid to Byrd-Bennett in the form of
a one-time signing bonus on her first day back, the plea agreement states.
Solomon told Byrd-Bennett in an email, "If you only join for the day, you will
be the highest paid person on the planet for that day. Regardless, it will be
paid out on day one."

 In addition to arranging the kickbacks, Solomon also provided Byrd-Bennett with
numerous other benefits, including meals and tickets to sporting events.

 Solomon, 48, of Wilmette, pleaded guilty to one count of honest services wire
fraud.  The conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.

 The Wilmette-based SUPES and Evanston-based Synesi also pleaded guilty today as
corporate defendants to one count of honest services wire fraud.  Each company
faces a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or gross loss resulting
from the offense, whichever is greater.  The government anticipates that the
advisory guideline fine will be in the range of $3.2 million to $6.4 million.

 In addition to potential prison terms and fines, the individual and corporate
defendants also will be ordered to join in a restitution payment to CPS.  The
defendants and the government agree that the total amount of restitution is
$254,000, minus any credit for funds repaid prior to sentencing.

 A sentencing hearing for Solomon, SUPES and Synesi has been scheduled for March
24, 2017, before U.S. District Judge Edmond E. Chang.

 The guilty pleas were announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney
for the Northern District of Illinois; Michael J. Anderson, Acting Special
Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation;
and Nicholas J. Schuler, Inspector General for the Chicago Public Schools.

 All five defendants charged in the case have now been convicted.  Byrd-Bennett,
67, of Solon, Ohio, pleaded guilty last year to one count of honest services
wire fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  THOMAS
VRANAS, a co-owner of SUPES and Synesi, pleaded guilty earlier this year to one
count of conspiracy to commit federal program bribery.  Vranas, 35, of Glenview,
faces up to five years in prison.  A sentencing hearing for Byrd-Bennett and
Vranas has not yet been scheduled.

 The government is represented by Assistant United States Attorneys Megan
Cunniff Church and Lindsay Jenkins.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             824 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: Owner of Education-Services Companies Pleads Guilty to Offering
Bribes and Kickbacks to Chicago Public Schools Chief in Exchange for Contract

LENGTH: 561  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The owner of two education-services companies admitted in federal court today
that he offered bribes and kickbacks to former Chicago Public Schools chief
BARBARA BYRD-BENNETT in exchange for obtaining a $2.09 million contract to train
principals.



 GARY SOLOMON admitted in a written plea agreement that he offered bribes and
kickbacks to then-CPS chief Byrd-Bennett in exchange for her efforts to steer
the sole-source contract to Solomon's companies, THE SUPES ACADEMY LLC and
SYNESI ASSOCIATES LLC.  Byrd-Bennett had previously worked for the companies,
and her fraudulent arrangement with Solomon called for her to return there as a
consultant upon leaving CPS, according to the plea agreement.  Solomon
maintained a line item within the companies' internal financial statements to
set aside the kickback money, which would be paid to Byrd-Bennett in the form of
a one-time signing bonus on her first day back, the plea agreement states.
Solomon told Byrd-Bennett in an email, "If you only join for the day, you will
be the highest paid person on the planet for that day. Regardless, it will be
paid out on day one."

 In addition to arranging the kickbacks, Solomon also provided Byrd-Bennett with
numerous other benefits, including meals and tickets to sporting events.

 Solomon, 48, of Wilmette, pleaded guilty to one count of honest services wire
fraud.  The conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.

 The Wilmette-based SUPES and Evanston-based Synesi also pleaded guilty today as
corporate defendants to one count of honest services wire fraud.  Each company
faces a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or gross loss resulting
from the offense, whichever is greater.  The government anticipates that the
advisory guideline fine will be in the range of $3.2 million to $6.4 million.

 In addition to potential prison terms and fines, the individual and corporate
defendants also will be ordered to join in a restitution payment to CPS.  The
defendants and the government agree that the total amount of restitution is
$254,000, minus any credit for funds repaid prior to sentencing.

 A sentencing hearing for Solomon, SUPES and Synesi has been scheduled for March
24, 2017, before U.S. District Judge Edmond E. Chang.

 The guilty pleas were announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney
for the Northern District of Illinois; Michael J. Anderson, Acting Special
Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation;
and Nicholas J. Schuler, Inspector General for the Chicago Public Schools.

 All five defendants charged in the case have now been convicted.  Byrd-Bennett,
67, of Solon, Ohio, pleaded guilty last year to one count of honest services
wire fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  THOMAS
VRANAS, a co-owner of SUPES and Synesi, pleaded guilty earlier this year to one
count of conspiracy to commit federal program bribery.  Vranas, 35, of Glenview,
faces up to five years in prison.  A sentencing hearing for Byrd-Bennett and
Vranas has not yet been scheduled.

 The government is represented by Assistant United States Attorneys Megan
Cunniff Church and Lindsay Jenkins.




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             825 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 25, 2002 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Veteran I.R.S. Auditor Is Charged With Soliciting $200,000 Bribe

BYLINE:  By ELISSA GOOTMAN

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 431 words


A veteran Internal Revenue Service auditor has been arrested on charges that he
solicited and accepted a $200,000 cash bribe from a business in Great Neck, N.Y,
the authorities said yesterday.

Officials described it as the largest single known bribery payment received by
an I.R.S. employee.

The auditor, Herbert Wein, 67, of Manhattan, initially solicited the bribe
during a November meeting with Stephen Gilbert, a lawyer for Wego Chemical and
Mineral Corporation, officials said. Mr. Wein said he could decrease the
company's tax liability to $15,000 from $1.2 million, officials said, in
exchange for $200,000. To illustrate his point, Mr. Wein wrote the figure
$1,200,000 on a piece of paper, according to the criminal complaint, and circled
the $200,000 portion -- then flipped the paper over and scrawled the word
"cash," later scribbling it out.

Shortly after the meeting, Mr. Gilbert notified the authorities and agreed to
cooperate with them, meeting with Mr. Wein again in early December and
suggesting that $200,000 was excessive. At that point, officials said, Mr. Wein
indicated that he could raise the company's tax liability as high as $4 million.

Mr. Gilbert offered Mr. Wein $5,000 but the auditor refused it, saying he
preferred a lump sum. During the meeting, which was videotaped, Mr. Wein
repeatedly asked Mr. Gilbert whether he was wearing a recording device,
officials said, warning that he stood to lose his I.R.S. pension if he was
caught.

On Wednesday, Mr. Gilbert and Mr. Wein met at the lawyer's offices in
Morristown, N.J. Mr. Gilbert handed over the cash, and Mr. Wein was arrested as
he carried it outside in a bag, said Michael A. Delgado, a special agent in
charge of the Treasury Department's New York field division. "We're going to be
working diligently with I.R.S. officials to determine just what the extent of
this activity might have been on his part," Mr. Delgado said. Mr. Wein, who has
worked in the I.R.S.'s Manhattan office since 1981 and has no criminal record,
was released on a $50,000 bond secured by his apartment on East 66th Street in
Manhattan, the authorities said. His lawyer, Bruce A. Levy, declined to comment.

"Herbert Wein abused his position of authority to line his own pockets," Alan
Vinegrad, the United States attorney for the Eastern District of New York, said
in a statement. "We will not tolerate such corruption of the tax enforcement
system and will vigorously prosecute this flagrant breach of the public trust."

If convicted of the federal charges, Mr. Wein faces up to 15 years in prison and
a $600,000 fine.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             826 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 23, 2015 Wednesday

Former U.S. Army Specialist Sentenced to 30 Months in Prison for Taking Bribes
While Deployed in Afghanistan

LENGTH: 424  words


A former specialist with the U.S. Army stationed at Forward Operating Base (FOB)
Gardez, Afghanistan, was sentenced today to 30 months in prison for accepting a
$20,000 bribe from a truck driver in exchange for allowing him to take thousands
of gallons of fuel from the base.


Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, Acting U.S. Attorney Brian Stretch of the Northern District
of California and U.S. Attorney Michael J. Moore of the Middle District of
Georgia made the announcement.
Anthony Don Tran, 28, of Stockton, California, pleaded guilty on June 9, 2015,
to bribery of a public official.  In addition to imposing the prison term, U.S.
District Judge Beth L. Freeman of the Northern District of California ordered
Tran to pay $69,000 in restitution and to forfeit $11,437 as well as a vehicle
that he purchased with bribe proceeds.
In connection with his guilty plea, Tran admitted that, in exchange for
approximately $20,000 in cash, he permitted a local Afghan fuel truck driver to
depart FOB Gardez without downloading roughly 12,000 gallons of fuel purchased
by the U.S. government and designated for the base.  Tran admitted that, on May
21, 2013, after returning to the U.S., he used the cash to purchase a 2010 Dodge
Challenger.
Tran also admitted to accepting at least $1,000 in cash from another member of
his unit, former U.S. Sergeant Seneca Darnell Hampton, 31, of Columbus, Georgia,
in exchange for Tran's agreement not to report Hampton or former U.S. Sergeant
First Class James Edward Norris, 33, of Fort Irwin, California, for also taking
cash bribes in exchange for fuel.  Both Hampton and Norris previously pleaded
guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit bribery of a public official and one
count of money laundering.  Hampton was sentenced to 24 months in prison, and
Norris was sentenced to 51 months in prison.  In addition, both Hampton and
Norris were ordered to pay restitution and to forfeit vehicles purchased with
bribe proceeds.
The case was investigated by the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command, the
Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction, the
Defense Criminal Investigative Service and the Defense Contract Audit Agency's
Investigative Support Division.  The case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys
John Keller and Sean Mulryne of the Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section
and the U.S. Attorney's Offices of the Northern District of California and
Middle District of Georgia. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             827 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 13, 1981, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

JUDGE UNDER AN INQUIRY ASKS CASELOAD REMOVAL

BYLINE: By GREGORY JAYNES, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 18, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 938 words

DATELINE: MIAMI, Oct. 12


Federal District Judge Alcee Hastings, told over the weekend by the Federal
Bureau of Investigation that a grand jury would soon begin an inquiry into
whether he solicited bribes from criminal defendants, has asked the chief judge
of the district to remove him from making judicial decisions until ''a final
resolution of this matter is achieved.''

The F.B.I. filed an affidavit in the case in Federal District Court here last
Friday, saying that the agency began an investigation after William A. Borders
Jr., a Washington lawyer, ''represented to a confidential Government informant
that U.S. District Judge Alcee Hastings of the Southern District of Florida was
soliciting bribes from criminal defendants in cases before him.''

Mr. Borders, who is a past president of the National Bar Association and is now
finishing a term as head of the District of Columbia Bar Association, was
arrested by the F.B.I. in Arlington, Va., Friday night, just before he was to
attend a testimonial dinner for him, The dinner, which Judge Hastings had gone
to Washington to attend, was canceled, and Federal agents questioned the judge
upon his return to Miami.

Affidavit Says Bribe Was Taken

The affidavit contends that Mr. Borders took a $150,000 bribe on the judge's
behalf.  According to the affidavit, an informant introduced Mr. Borders and a
special agent, who posed as Frank Romano, in Miami Sept. 11.  The real Frank
Romano was convicted by a jury in Judge Hastings's court last December on 21
counts of mail and wire fraud, racketeering and misappropriation of moneys from
an International Brotherhood of Teamsters pension fund in Union City, N.J.

Mr. Romano and his brother, Thomas, were sentenced to three years and prison
and, last January, Judge Hastings ordered the Government to seize the brothers'
assets of $845,000 in cash and a $316,000 interest in a Broward County, Fla.,
restaurant.

The affidavit said that Mr. Borders promised the bogus Frank Romano that, in
return for the $150,000, the judge would lift the order seizing the assets and
would reduce their jail sentences to probation.

Today, Neal Sonnett, the former head of the criminal division in the United
States Attorney's office here and now the attorney for the Romano brothers, said
his clients knew nothing about the agency's dealings with Mr. Borders.

Judge Cannot Reduce Sentences

In regard to the possibility of reducing the sentences, Mr. Sonnet said: ''This
can't be so. It is not possible for the judge to do anything about reducing the
sentences. It is out of his hands because the minute an appeal is filed - and an
appeal was filed in the Romano case -the judge is precluded from any action
concerning the sentence.''

Last Tuesday, Judge Hastings lifted the order seizing the Romanos' cash, a
decision, according to the brothers' attorney, he had to make under a
complicated ruling last June 19 by a three-judge panel at the Fifth Circuit
Court of Appeals in New Orleans.

''The judge had no choice but to rule the way he did,'' Mr. Sonnett told local
reporters. ''He was absolutely bound by appellate court decision. In fact, the
judge said that in his order. He wrote, 'I neither like or agree with that
result, but I am duty bound to follow the circuit precedent.''

In his letter to Chief District Judge C. Clyde Atkins this morning, Judge
Hastings did not mention guilt or innocence.

'Wish Me Well'

He wrote that he felt that ''the litigants of this court are entitled to the
utmost consideration without the slightest hint of impropriety'' and asked that
the other judges assume his caseload until the matter is resolved. He noted that
''the pending investigation of me does not allow for all persons to feel
comfortable before me'' and asked the court to ''wish me well, as I do all of
you.''

Judge Atkins could not be reached for comment.  After Judge Hastings dispatched
the letter, he made copies available to reporters, but declined to talk about
the case. ''I have agonized about this,'' he said. ''I know that there are
people who want to know, but I don't think this is the appropriate place to
comment.''

Appointed by President Carter in 1978, Judge Hastings was the first black man on
the Federal bench here. In 1979, as a Circuit Court Judge in Broward County, he
reported his net worth as $10,700.

Colleagues Express Disbelief

Over the weekend friends and colleagues repeatedly expressed disbelief that the
judge was involved in any impropriety. ''No way,'' said one civil rights lawyer,
Andrew Mavrides. ''He is one of my last strongholds of faith. I can't buy it.''

The judge has most recently been involved in a case brought by local civil
libertarians in behalf of the rights of Haitian refugees in the United States.
Most have indicated they hold his opinions in high regard, and that they find
the investigation difficult to believe.

Mr. Borders last came to national attention in May, when he filed suit against
the Reagan Administration to keep a job on the littleknown District of Columbia
Judicial Nomination Commission, to which he was appointed by President Carter.

The White House informed Mr. Borders in May that he was being replaced by a man
chosen by President Reagan. The matter has not been settled.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             828 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 20, 2005 Friday CITY-D EDITION

A simple lesson: Don't take bribes

BYLINE: Tom Ferrick Jr.

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS PHILADELPHIA & ITS SUBURBS; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 635 words


OK, people, take your seats and get out paper and pencils. Please, feel free to
take notes.

My name is Fred Furnick, and I've been the department ethics officer since 2007.

I am here today to give you your Kemp Warnings.

All of you are new employees, so you may not remember Corey Kemp.

He was city treasurer here until he was convicted by a federal jury of various
misdeeds, including taking bribes.

After he was convicted, he complained that he never got any guidance on how to
behave as a public official.

His exact words were:

"When you walk into the city on day one and you're hired, there's no meeting to
say, 'Here's what you can do, and here's what you can't do. This is what you can
take, and this is what you can't take.' "

Now, most of this stuff has been covered in other venues. Sunday school. At
home. In any religion class.

But just to make sure there is no confusion, we've set up these little meetings
for new employees to make sure that you know.

So here goes:

You can't take bribes. You can't take cash or other gratuities just for doing
your job.

You are paid by the public to serve the public. You are paid well. So, you are
forbidden to solicit or accept any outside payments.

It's wrong

It is unethical. It is illegal. It will surely lead to your dismissal and may
lead to prosecution by various law enforcement agencies.

You may ask: Fred, what exactly is a bribe and how will I know?

My answer is: You will know. If a guy walks up to the counter, pulls out a wad
of 20s, starts peeling them off, and asks: Can you help me get this permit
approved? That's a bribe.

It's not always that blatant, of course.

For instance, suppose a guy who wants business with the city comes up to you and
says: Hey, I've got some extra tickets to the Super Bowl. Why don't you and your
wife or your mistress join me on my private jet and we'll fly out, stay in a
swank hotel, party hearty, and see the game?

Corey did that. That's a bribe.

Or suppose someone says to you: You've probably got a big credit-card debt. Why
not give me your next bill and I'll pay it all off for you?

That's a bribe, too.

In short, if you want to know what you can take and what you can't take, the
answer is:

You can't take anything. You are a public servant.

Now let's take it a step further:

You should also avoid the appearances of impropriety.

An example: If a guy comes up to your counter and asks for help, don't start
rubbing your thumb and fingers together.

That sends the wrong signal.

How about a loan?

Or suppose you are in charge of helping to pick the bank that will act as a
depository of city money.

You shouldn't call that bank and say: Hey, I hear you are interested in handling
some city accounts. Oh, by the way, I'd also like to apply for a personal loan.
Can you help me?

Corey did that, too. Not good.

Ditto with contractors. Don't ask them to take their "extra" lumber and build a
deck on your house. Or take that "extra" asphalt and repave your driveway.

All of that stuff is wrong.

You may ask: What happens if they are offering something small - a Phillies
ticket or a carton of cigarettes or a $10 gift certificate to Burger King? Can I
take that?

My answer is: Just say no. Why make yourself small by taking something small?

I know that some of this material is covered elsewhere - for instance, in
several of the Ten Commandments - but just in case, I'm going to hand out a
booklet, called "A Guide to the Ethically Befuddled."

Please take it with you when you go.

We also have a video version, narrated by Corey Kemp himself.

He did it from prison.

He has a lot of time on his hands these days.

Contact Tom Ferrick at 215-854-2714 or tferrick@phillynews.com. Read his recent
work at http://go.philly.com/ferrick.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             829 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                             May 28, 2015 Thursday

Alderman's Former Chief of Staff Sentenced to 15 Months for Accepting $7,500
Bribe

LENGTH: 333  words


A former chief of staff for a Chicago alderman was sentenced today to 15 months
in prison for accepting a $7,500 cash bribe in exchange for obtaining the
alderman's letter of support for a license to sell alcohol in the alderman's
ward. The defendant, CURTIS V. THOMPSON, JR., 63, of Chicago, pled guilty in
December 2014 to federal program bribery, in accepting a bribe from an
individual who claimed he wanted to open a convenience store but was actually a
cooperating witness in an FBI undercover investigation. U.S. District Court
Judge Samuel Der-Yeghiayan also sentenced Thompson to one year of supervision
after his release and to forfeit $7,500, the amount of the bribe. Thompson was
ordered to surrender to the U.S. Bureau of Prisons on September 1, 2015.


According to court documents, Thompson accepted 75 $100 bills in a Christmas
card that the cooperating witness gave him at the alderman's holiday party in
December 2013. Thompson admitted that he used the money he received to pay
personal expenses.
"Over the years, time and time again, officials have demonstrated their greed,"
said Judge Der-Yeghiayan while imposing sentence. "His job was to serve the
citizens of Chicago, and he did not."
"He (Thompson) readily joined the ranks of corrupt public officials who have
chosen to line their pockets at the public's expense," argued Assistant U.S.
Attorney Megan Church in the government's sentencing memorandum. "He gave the
residents of Chicago one more reason to doubt its leaders and public officials;
one more reason to question the legitimacy of their municipal government; and
one more reason to give into the cynicism of a "where's mine?"
The sentence was announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney for the
Northern District of Illinois, and Robert J. Holley, Special Agent-in-Charge of
the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.
The government was represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Megan Church and
Bethany Biesenthal. 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             830 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                           October 11, 2012 Thursday

1st U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals Case Summaries: October 11, 2012

BYLINE: RILW Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2381  words


Editor's note: The full text of these decisions can be found on Lawyers Weekly's
website, rilawyersweekly.com. Evidence Hearsay - Confrontation - Conspiracy
Where a jury convicted a defendant of bribery, extortion and conspiracy, the
admission of statements from a town councilman was not improper. The judgment of
conviction must be corrected to reflect a total bribe amount of $100,000, not
$107,000. 1st Circuit's conclusions "After a jury trial in the United States
District Court for the District of Rhode Island, Robert Ciresi, a
seventy-eight-year-old North Providence attorney, was convicted on bribery,
extortion, and conspiracy charges stemming from his involvement in a scheme to
purchase the votes of three corrupt town councilmen on two zoning matters.
During the trial, the district court admitted into evidence under Federal Rule
of Evidence 801(d)(2)(E) a number of recorded statements about Ciresi made by
one of the councilmen to a government informant. On appeal, in seeking a new
trial, Ciresi argues that some of these statements should have been excluded as
hearsay, and challenges the admission of all the statements on constitutional
grounds under the Sixth Amendment's Confrontation Clause.

He also claims that the district court erred in calculating his sentence under
the United States Sentencing Guidelines ('Guidelines'). ... "In sum, [John]
Zambarano's recorded statements to [Paul] Caranci about Ciresi were all made
during the course of and in furtherance of an ongoing, multi-phase conspiracy in
which Ciresi was an active member. Accordingly, they were admissible as
nonhearsay under Rule 801(d)(2)(E). There was no clear error in the district
court's [United States v. Petrozziello, 548 F.2d 20 (1st Cir. 1977)] ruling. ...
"Because Zambarano did not testify during the trial, and hence was not subject
to cross-examination, Ciresi argues that the admission of his recorded
statements violated the Confrontation Clause of the Sixth Amendment, which
provides that '[i]n all criminal prosecutions, the accused shall enjoy the right
... to be confronted with the witnesses against him. ' U.S. Const. amend. VI.
"As Ciresi acknowledges, however, the Supreme Court has held that the
Confrontation Clause only applies to statements that are deemed testimonial.
Davis v. Washington, 547 U.S. 813, 821 (2006). The Court has also commented that
statements made unwittingly to a government informant are 'clearly
nontestimonial. ' ... Ciresi attempts to dismiss these statements as mere dicta,
but the Court's instruction cannot be cast aside so easily. ... "Moreover, we
have already addressed this issue post-Crawford and concluded that coconspirator
statements such as Zambarano's are, by their nature, not testimonial. ... Even
if the Court's statements do not explicitly bind us, our prior precedents do.
"Recognizing this obstacle, Ciresi contends that Davis and Michigan v. Bryant,
131 S. Ct. 1143 (2011), have clarified that '[i]n determining whether a
declarant's statements are testimonial, courts should look to all of the
relevant circumstances,' including the 'statements and actions of both the
declarant and interrogators. ... ' ... This language, Ciresi argues, constitutes
an 'express rejection' of Crawford's focus on the intentions of the declarant
and demands that we revisit our previous holding. Ciresi ignores, however, that
the Supreme Court recently placed coconspirator remarks in a category of
statements that, 'by their nature, [are] made for a purpose other than use in a
prosecution,' suggesting their nontestimonial nature. Bryant, 131 S. Ct. at 1157
n.9. Accordingly, we perceive nothing in Crawford's recent progeny that mandates
a reevaluation of our prior opinions. "In short, Supreme Court precedents and
our prior opinions foreclose Ciresi's arguments. Thus we find no constitutional
error in the admission of Zambarano's statements. ... "During sentencing, Ciresi
argued that he should be held accountable only for the $25,000 supermarket bribe
, and not for the $75,000 mill bribe. Overruling his objections, the district
court added to Ciresi's base offense level a two-level increase for being
'involved in more than one bribe,' USSG §2C1.1(b)(1), and an eight-level
increase because the bribes had totaled more than $70,000 but less than
$120,000. ... These increases brought Ciresi's total offense level to 26 and,
paired with a criminal history category of I, produced a Guidelines sentencing
range of 63 - 78 months imprisonment. The district court imposed an
incarcerative term at the bottom of the range: 63 months. If Ciresi's objections
had been sustained, and the mill bribe had not been counted against him, his
Guidelines sentencing range would have been 33 - 41 months imprisonment. "... On
appeal, Ciresi challenges the district court's factual finding that he should be
held responsible for the mill bribe as well as the supermarket bribe. "We
discern no error. As we have already established, Ciresi was actively involved
in both phases of the charged conspiracy. ... Therefore, the increases to his
base offense level were warranted. "The only remaining issue is a minor one. The
supermarket bribe and the mill bribe add up to $100,000, and the district court
apparently relied upon that sum in sentencing Ciresi. However, the written
judgment of conviction incorrectly reflects a total bribe amount of $107,000.
This figure includes two bribes in which, as the government concedes, Ciresi was
uninvolved. This mistake appears to have been inadvertent, and it did not affect
Ciresi's sentence. Nevertheless, it must be corrected. " United States v. Ciresi
(Lawyers Weekly No. 01-268-12) (24 pages) (Lipez, J.) (1st Circuit) Appealed
from a judgment entered by Lisi, J., in the U.S. District Court for the District
of Rhode Island. Martin G. Weinberg, with whom Kimberly Homan and John Cicilline
were on brief, for the defendant-appellant; Donald C. Lockhart, with whom Peter
F. Neronha was on brief, for the United States (Docket No. 11-1914) (Oct. 5,
2012). Immigration Abortion - Spouse Where a petitioner was denied asylum, there
is no basis for reversal, as (1) the fact that the petitioner's wife was forced
by the government of China to undergo an abortion did not automatically qualify
the petitioner for refugee status and (2) the petitioner has not established a
well-founded fear of persecution based on his religion. Statutory analysis "This
case requires us to decide, for the first time, whether 8 U.S.C. §1101(a)(42)(B)
, a statute enacted to pave the way for asylum for victims of China's coercive
population control policies, extends automatically to a spouse of a person
forced to undergo an abortion. We join several of our sister circuits in holding
that it does not. ... "Section 1101(a)(42)(B) states in pertinent part that the
term 'refugee' shall include 'a person who has been forced to abort a pregnancy
or to undergo involuntary sterilization. ' The petitioner argues that a man
whose wife is forced to abort a child loses the child in the same way as the
mother and, thus, has been forced to abort a pregnancy. Based on this reasoning,
the petitioner asserts that the plain language of the statute encompasses a
person -- like himself -- whose spouse experienced a forced abortion at the
hands of the government. "The petitioner's assertion has a certain superficial
appeal. But in rebuffing this assertion, both the BIA and the IJ relied on the
Attorney General's contrary interpretation of the statute. ... "The relevant
statute speaks only of 'a person who has been forced to abort a pregnancy,' 8
U.S.C. §1101(a)(42)(B). Under a natural reading, the focus is on persons
targeted for a procedure, not upon the results of the procedure. Put another
way, the statutory language appears unambiguously to refer only to the person
who actually undergoes the procedure, not to the spouse of that person. Two
courts of appeals have unreservedly embraced this plain-language construction.
See Lin-Zheng v. Att'y Gen., 557 F.3d 147, 157 (3d Cir. 2009); Shi Liang Lin v.
U.S. Dep't of Justice, 494 F.3d 296, 309 (2d Cir. 2007). Two others have agreed
with the plain-language interpretation, but in an abundance of caution have gone
on to discuss the Attorney General's interpretation. See Yi Ni v. Holder, 613
F.3d 415, 425-26 (4th Cir. 2010); Yu v. U.S. Att'y Gen., 568 F.3d 1328, 1332-33
(11th Cir. 2009). "We too hold that the plain language of the statute defeats
the petitioner's claim. But even if we assume -- favorably to the petitioner --
that the statutory text, read charitably, might admit of some conceivable
ambiguity, the Attorney General's interpretation would demand the same result.
... "To be sure, the Attorney General took great care to make certain that his
interpretation of section 1101(a)(42)(B) 'does not explicitly exclude spouses
from its purview. ' ... But a spouse must show some special circumstance -- that
is, something more than his relationship to the recipient of a forced abortion
-- in order to avail himself of this caveat. Here, however, the petitioner has
made no such showing. Indeed, the agency in this case considered (and found
inapplicable) other provisions of section 1101(a)(42)(B) that might have allowed
the petitioner to qualify as a per se refugee. Along these lines, the petitioner
could have adduced evidence to show that he had a well-founded fear of, say,
forced sterilization or persecution for resisting a coercive population control
program. See 8 U.S.C. §1101(a)(42)(B). But the petitioner did not offer any such
evidence, nor has he made any such argument. "That ends this aspect of the
matter. We agree with the other courts of appeals that have mulled the question:
given the language of the relevant statute and the Attorney General's reasonable
interpretation of it, we hold that the agency did not err in refusing to grant
the petitioner per se refugee status on the basis that the Chinese government
had compelled his wife to undergo a forced abortion. "We proceed next to the
agency's determination that the petitioner did not carry his burden of proving a
well-founded fear of religious persecution sufficient to warrant asylum. ...
"[T]he petitioner's attempt to establish a pattern and practice of persecution
of Evangelical Christians is unpersuasive. His evidence in this respect consists
primarily of information about some generalized trends in China, gleaned from a
variety of reports published by the State Department and the United States
Commission on International Freedom. One of these reports estimates that between
fifty and seventy million Chinese Christians practice in unsanctioned churches,
even though varying degrees of government-instigated or government-tolerated
harassment exist. Another report mentions sporadic incidents of members of
unsanctioned churches being incarcerated for 're-education through labor' for
engaging in illegal religious activities. "Although these carefully selected
evidentiary excerpts hint at a multitude of problems, they are not enough to
compel a finding that the petitioner harbors a well-founded fear of religious
persecution. The reports to which the petitioner alludes tell us very little
about the prevalence or severity of harassment; they tell us even less about the
likelihood that the petitioner, if repatriated, would be exposed to harassment
that rises to the level of persecution. ... We have said before, and today
reaffirm, that overview reports, such as the ones upon which the petitioner
relies, 'do very little to substantiate' claims of persecution as they do not
ordinarily 'either directly or by reasonable implication, connect these foibles
with the petitioner's particular situation. ' ... "To sum up, the evidence,
taken as a whole, comprises a mixed bag. The BIA and the IJ were, therefore,
free to attach substantial weight to those portions of the evidence that
undercut the petitioner's claim. ... "We add a coda. The petitioner's claim of
religious persecution has a peculiar twist: he did not convert to Evangelical
Christianity until after his arrival in the United States. Other courts have
considered the implications of this cart-before-the-horse scenario and have
indicated that it carries with it a need for the alien to prove certain
additional facts. ... We take no view on this issue because, in all events, the
petitioner's claim of religious persecution fails on other grounds. "We need go
no further. For the reasons elucidated above, we deny the petition for judicial
review. " Xian Tong Dong v. Holder (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-266-12) (14 pages)
(Selya, J.) (1st Circuit) Nathan Weill on brief for the petitioner; Stuart F.
Delery, Terri J. Scadron and Shahrzad Baghai on brief for the respondent (Docket
No. 12-1091) (Oct. 3, 2012). Criminal Sentencing - ACCA Where a defendant was
sentenced to 100 months in prison, he must be resentenced in light of an
intervening 1st Circuit ruling on the Armed Career Criminal Act. "The government
has appealed from the 100-month sentence imposed upon Anthony Oliveira following
his guilty plea to being a felon in possession of a firearm and ammunition, in
violation of 18 U.S.C. §922(g)(1). We agree with the government that, in view of
this court's recent decision in United States v. Rodriguez, 659 F.3d 117 (1st
Cir. 2011), which issued after Oliveira was sentenced, the district court erred
in its determination that Oliveira's Massachusetts convictions of larceny from a
person did not qualify as 'crimes of violence' under the Armed Career Criminal
Act ('ACCA'), 18 U.S.C. §924(e). We also agree with the government and the
district court that Oliveira's Massachusetts conviction of resisting arrest
qualifies as a third ACCA predicate. Therefore, we vacate the sentence and
remand for Oliveira to be resentenced under the ACCA. " United States v.
Oliveira (Lawyers Weekly No. 01-267-12) (4 pages) (Per curiam) (1st Circuit)
Appealed from a judgment entered by Gertner, J., in the U.S. District Court for
the District of Massachusetts. John H. Cunha Jr., Charles Allen Hope, Jaime J.
Zambrana and Cunha & Holcomb on brief for the defendant-appellant; Mark T.
Quinlivan and Carmen M. Ortiz on brief for the United States (Docket Nos.
11-2020 and 2071) (Oct. 3, 2012).

© 2012 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             831 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               Irish Independent

                           October 7, 2015 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

UN chief accused of taking $1m in China bribe scandal

BYLINE: Ruth Sherlock

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 514 words


A FORMER president of the United Nations General Assembly was yesterday charged
over allegations he accepted more than $1m in bribes from Chinese businessmen,
including a billionaire property mogul.

John Ashe, a former UN ambassador from Antigua and Barbuda who presided over the
General Assembly from 2013 to 2014, was arrested yesterday at his home in Dobbs
Ferry, New York State. He was accused by US prosecutors of turning the world
body into a "platform for profit" by taking bribes in exchange for paving the
way for lucrative investments.

In one case, Mr Ashe allegedly accepted more than $500,000 from Ng Lap Seng
(68), a property developer who was seeking a contract to build a UN-sponsored
conference centre in Macau. In exchange, prosecutors said, Mr Ashe recommended
to the secretary-general that the multi-billion-dollar proposal go ahead.

In total, Mr Ashe is said to have accepted $1.3m ((EURO)1.15m) in bribes from
various Chinese businessmen, which he used to line his own pockets and to curry
favour from the then prime minister of Antigua.

Ban Ki-moon, the UN secretary-general, was "shocked and deeply troubled" by the
allegations that "go to the heart and integrity of the UN," said Stephane
Dujarric, his spokesman. But the UN had not found any documentation of the
claims involving the Macau proposal, Mr Dujarric added.

US Attorney Preet Bharara told reporters: "We will be asking: is bribery
business as usual at the UN?" Prosecutors said that the deal was facilitated by
Jeff Yin, Mr Ng's assistant, and Francis Lorenzo, a former deputy ambassador to
the UN from the Dominican Republic, who has also been charged with offences
related to bribery and conspiracy.

The charges follow the arrests last month of Mr Ng and his assistant after they
allegedly lied to US customs officials about why they had brought $4.5m in cash
into the country in a series of trips by private jet.

Mr Yin (29) reportedly told the FBI that his boss had made payments to obtain
action from the UN.

Prosecutors say some of the bribe money paid for a trip to New Orleans for Mr
Ashe, his wife and two children, including first-class air fares and an
$850-a-night hotel room. Mr Ashe also allegedly used it to lease a luxury car,
pay his home mortgage, buy Rolex watches and custom suits, and construct a
$30,000 basketball court at his New York home. He opened two bank accounts to
receive the funds and then under-reported his income by more than $1.2m,
officials said.

Bieber Brian, a lawyer for Mr Lorenzo, said that his client "maintains that he
acted in good faith at all times and believed in the integrity of what he was
told by those involved".

Alex Spiro, a lawyer for Mr Ng, told the 'Wall Street Journal' that the legal
team's position is that the businessman "committed no crime". US prosecutors say
the tycoon has a fortune of $1.8bn.

Prosecutors said two other arrested individuals were involved with Mr Ng. They
were identified as Sheri Yan and Heidi Park, both naturalised US citizens who
reside in China and helped facilitate the scheme, prosecutors said.

(© Daily Telegraph, London)

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former UN ambassador: John Ashe

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IIN


             Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Ireland Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             832 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                    Zee News

                            March 19, 2016 Saturday

US makes new arrest in UN bribery case

LENGTH: 343  words

DATELINE: New York


New York, March 19 -- US prosecutors on Friday unveiled charges against a
China-born woman who was arrested as part of an ongoing investigation into a
scheme to pay bribes to a former United Nations General Assembly president.


 Julia Vivi Wang, 55, was accused in a criminal complaint filed in federal court
in Manhattan of having paid a bribe of at least $500,000 to buy Antiguan
diplomatic positions for her late husband and another Chinese businessman.
 The bribe was solicited and facilitated by John Ashe, a former U.N. ambassador
from Antigua and Barbuda and who was General Assembly president from 2013 to
2014, the complaint said.
 He was among six individuals charged in October for participating in a scheme
that involved the payment of more than $1.3 million in bribes to Ashe by
businessmen from China.
 The latest arrest followed the guilty plea on Wednesday of one of the
defendants, Francis Lorenzo, a suspended deputy United Nations ambassador from
the Dominican Republic, who agreed to cooperate with U.S. authorities in the
investigation.
 Wang, who was arrested on Thursday and is expected to appear in court later on
Friday, was the vice president of South-South News, a U.N.-focused media
organization where Lorenzo was president before his arrest.
 The complaint charges Wang with money laundering and conspiracy to commit money
laundering. A lawyer for Wang did not immediately respond to a request for
comment.
 According to the complaint, the $500,000 bribe was solicited and sought by Ashe
and Lorenzo beginning in 2012 to allow Wang's husband and the unnamed Chinese
businessman to secure positions in an investment office Antigua was opening in
Hong Kong.
 In interviews with U.S. authorities, Lorenzo said Wang and her husband sought
the positions because they would help them make money by helping others to
obtain citizenship by investing in a country and by arranging for business
deals.
 At least a portion of the money was intended to pay off Antiguan officials,
including its then-prime minister, who was not named in the complaint.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 FFC Information Solution
                              All Rights Reserved


                             833 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 8, 2015 Wednesday

Arizona: Three Labor Union Members Plead Guilty in Manhattan Federal Court to
Accepting Bribes in Exchange for Labor Union Memberships

LENGTH: 763  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that CHRISTOPHER LUPINO and KELWYN BENJAMIN pled guilty today, and
ADAM FORESTA pled guilty on March 31, 2015, each to participating in a
conspiracy to commit honest services wire fraud in connection with their
accepting bribes in exchange for memberships in Steamfitters Local 638, a New
York City labor union. FORESTA, LUPINO, BENJAMIN, and James Sheeran were
arrested in November 2014. LUPINO, BENJAMIN, and FORESTA pled guilty today in
Manhattan federal court before United States District Judge William H. Pauley
III.

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said: "With their guilty pleas Christopher
Lupino, Kelwyn Benjamin, and Adam Foresta have accepted responsibility for their
roles in a scheme to swap memberships in Steamfitters Local 638 for cash bribes.
We will continue to work with our law enforcement partners at the FBI, the U.S.
Department of Labor, and the NYPD to stamp out union fraud wherever we find it."

According to allegations contained in the Indictment, the underlying criminal
Complaint unsealed on November 5, 2014, and statements made during court
proceedings:

FORESTA, LUPINO, BENJAMIN, and Sheeran were each members of Steamfitters Local
638, a local division of a labor union that represents workers in the plumbing
and pipefitting industries in New York City (the "Union"). Sheeran was an
organizer for the Union and worked on membership recruitment. In that capacity,
he owed fiduciary duties to Steamfitters Local 638.

In December 2013, an individual who has not been charged ("Applicant-1") told a
cooperating witness (the "CW") that Applicant-1 had been offered membership in
the Union--what is known as a "Union book"--in exchange for a $35,000 bribe.
Applicant-1 asked the CW to help him/her pay for the Union book.

Over the next several months, FORESTA, LUPINO, and BENJAMIN each had
conversations, which were recorded by the Federal Bureau of Investigation
("FBI"), with the CW about buying Union books for Applicant-1 and another
individual who has not been charged ("Applicant-2"). During these calls, the CW
was told that each Union book would cost $40,000--$5,000 for the typical Union
application fee and a $35,000 cash bribe.

In October 2014, Applicant-1 met with Sheeran, who coached Applicant-1 to
provide answers to questions from Union officials to enable him to secure
approval from the interviewing officials, including by misleading the Union
officials. Applicant-1 and Applicant-2 met with the Union committee later that
month in connection with their applications. After that meeting, LUPINO told the
CW that approvals from the Union would come soon.

On November 3, 2014, a few days before Applicant-1 and Applicant-2's memberships
were to be issued, LUPINO and FORESTA arranged for FORESTA to meet with the CW
to pick up the bribes for the two Union books. LUPINO told the CW to bring
$70,000 in cash and that the other $10,000, which would go to the Union for
application fees, should be paid for by check or money order. On November 4,
2014, FORESTA and the CW met in Manhattan. The CW gave FORESTA $35,000 in cash
for one Union book--telling FORESTA he/she would pay for the second Union book
the next day.

* * *

FORESTA, 45, of Staten Island, New York, LUPINO, 51, of New Monmouth, New
Jersey, and BENJAMIN, 41, of New York, New York, each pled guilty to one count
of conspiring to commit honest services wire fraud, which carries a maximum term
of 20 years in prison. The maximum potential sentence in this case is prescribed
by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes only, as any
sentencing of the defendants will be determined by the judge.

FORESTA, LUPINO, and BENJAMIN are all scheduled to be sentenced on July 31,
2015. Trial against Sheeran is scheduled to begin on September 15, 2015, before
Judge Pauley.

Mr. Bharara praised the investigative work of the FBI, the United States
Department of Labor, Office of Inspector General, Office of Labor Racketeering
and Fraud Investigations, and the New York City Police Department.

The case is being prosecuted by the Office's Violent & Organized Crime Unit.
Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joshua A. Naftalis and Jordan Estes are in charge of
the prosecution.

The allegations contained in the Indictment against Sheeran are merely
accusations, and he is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             834 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                              June 4, 2013 Tuesday
                            PITTSBURGH PRESS EDITION

SECTION: NATIONAL; NATION; Pg. A-3

LENGTH: 732 words


Ex-congressman finishes prison term

SAN DIEGO -- Randy "Duke" Cunningham, whose feats as a Navy flying ace during
the Vietnam War catapulted him to a U.S House career that ended in disgrace when
he was convicted of accepting $2.4 million in bribes from defense contractors,
is completing one of the longest prison sentence ever given to a member of
Congress.

Cunningham, 71, is due to be released today. He told a federal judge last year
that he planned to live near his mother and brother in a remote part of
Arkansas, writing books in a small cabin. But in a brief interview with the
Associated Press in April, he said he might settle with military friends in
Florida, where he would write his memoirs.

Cunningham, an eight-term Republican congressman from San Diego, was sentenced
to eight years, four months in prison in March 2006 after pleading guilty to
accepting bribes from companies in exchange for steering government contracts
their way. The bribes included a luxury house, yacht, Rolls-Royce, travel,
lavish meals, $40,000 Persian rugs and antique furniture.

Cunningham, who has been in home confinement at an undisclosed location since
February, had his sentence cut 392 days for good behavior, said Chris Burke, a
spokesman for the Federal Bureau of Prisons.

Home prices soar

WASHINGTON -- U.S. home prices soared 12.1 percent in April from a year earlier,
the biggest gain since February 2006, as more buyers competed for fewer homes.

Real estate data provider CoreLogic says prices rose in April from the previous
April in 48 states. Prices also rose 3.2 percent in April from March, much
better than the previous month-to-month gain of 1.9 percent.

Judge accepts insanity defense

CENTENNIAL, Colo. -- A judge today accepted James Holmes' plea of not guilty by
reason of insanity, setting the stage for a lengthy mental evaluation of the
Colorado theater shooting suspect.

Mr. Holmes is accused of opening fire in a packed Denver-area movie theater last
summer, killing 12 people and injuring 70. He is charged with multiple counts of
murder and attempted murder, and prosecutors are seeking the death penalty.

The mental evaluation could take months.

Mr. Holmes' lawyers repeatedly have said he is mentally ill, but they delayed
the insanity plea while arguing state laws were unconstitutional.

Hasan states shooting defense

FORT HOOD, Texas -- The Army psychiatrist charged in the deadly 2009 Fort Hood
shooting says he'll show evidence at his trial that he opened fire because
Islamic leadership was in imminent danger.

Maj. Nidal Hasan told the judge today that he needs a three-month delay to
prepare to represent himself at trial. He faces the death penalty or life
without parole if convicted of 13 counts of premeditated murder and 32 counts of
attempted premeditated murder.

The judge, Col. Tara Osborn, said she had some questions about Maj. Hasan's
defense before she would rule on his delay request.

A "defense of others" strategy requires defendants to prove they killed a person
or people to protect others from immediate danger. Many of the soldiers killed
on the Texas Army post were preparing to deploy.

Obama forwards 3 for appeals judge

WASHINGTON -- Issuing a forceful challenge to Senate Republicans, President
Barack Obama nominated three judges to the influential federal appeals court in
Washington, declaring that the GOP has "cynically used Senate rules and
procedures" to delay and block past nominees.

"What I'm doing today is my job; I need the Senate to do its job," he said today
as he announced his nomination of Patricia Ann Millett, Cornelia Pillard and
Robert Leon Wilkins in the White House Rose Garden.

In simultaneously naming three nominees to the understaffed federal appeals
court in Washington, Mr. Obama set up an aggressive push against Senate
Republicans who are trying to keep him from naming any more judges to the
influential circuit.

It's the first time Mr. Obama has ever held an event to announce nominees to the
federal bench other than the Supreme Court, an indication of the pressure the
president is trying to put on the Senate to approve his picks.

"There is no reason aside from politics for Republicans to block these
individuals from getting an up or down vote," he said.

Ms. Pillard is a Georgetown University law professor. Ms. Millet is an appeals
lawyer in Washington, and Judge Wilkins is a judge on the U.S. District Court in
Washington.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2013 P.G. Publishing Co.


                             835 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 539  words


IN BRIEF Maradona 'corrupt' DIEGO MARADONA, who this week accused his successor
as Argentine coach Sergio Batista of accepting bribes, is also tainted by
corruption, according to his former private secretary. Gabriel Buono made the
accusation, saying of his ex-boss, "He talks about bribes but, if you are
looking for someone who is corrupt, the first person is Maradona - I've got all
the evidence." Maradona caused a stir this week when alleging that Batista had
taken bribes to include certain players in the national team. Batista was sacked
after July's Copa America flop on home soil having only replaced Maradona
following the 2010 World Cup, which ended in a quarter-final thrashing by
Germany.

Monaghan shines CONTROVERSIAL former Canberra Raiders star Joel Monaghan was the
man of the moment as he inspired Warrington to a nine-try, 47-0 rout of
Huddersfield, that served notice of the Wolves' grand final credentials.

On the opening night of the Super League play-offs, the younger Monaghan brother
touched down twice and was at the heart of everything the league leader's Shield
winners did well as they coasted through to the semi-finals in a fortnight's
time. Former State of Origin players Matt King and Brett Hodgson were also among
the scorers for the home side, along with a Chris Riley double.

Griffin wins MATT GRIFFIN won the inaugural South Pacific Golf Open Championship
yesterday on the second play-off hole against consistent fellow Victorian Terry
Pilkadaris in New Caledonia. The win comes as a great relief to Griffin, who has
often been described as the tour bridesmaid after recording numerous top-10
finishes in his short but extremely successful professional career. "It would be
fair to say that this win lifts the monkey off the back.

I have put myself in winnable positions a few times since turning pro in 2008
and it comes as a great relief to finally finish one off," he said.

Senden in fourth AUSTRALIAN golfer John Senden has kept his Tour Championship
and Presidents Cup hopes alive after a great second round moved him into fourth
place at the US PGA Tour's BMW Championship in Illinois.

Needing to finish in the top four to progress to the final championship play-off
event in Atlanta and a win to make Greg Norman's International team, Senden
fired an impressive five-under par 66 yesterday to move to eight under 134 at
the halfway mark of the tournament. The Queenslander is three shots adrift of
Englishman Justin Rose and American Mark Wilson who share the lead at 11-under
par 131.

All for peace THE LOS ANGELES Lakers have a new name on the roster now that Ron
Artest's bid to change his name to Metta World Peace has been approved. The
decision, rendered by Superior Court Commissioner Matthew St George after a
brief hearing yesterday, completed a process begun by the NBA player in June,
when he said he wanted to change his name for personal reasons.

The official change was delayed pending resolution of a traffic ticket.

The player, whose full given name is Ronald William Artest Jr, helped the Lakers
win the NBA title in 2010.

Artest's new surname is World Peace, while the player's publicist said his
chosen first name of Metta is a Buddhist term that means loving kindness toward
all.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ST


       Copyright 2011 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             836 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Canberra Times (Australia)

                           September 18, 2011 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: The Canberra Times

SECTION: A; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 539  words


IN BRIEF Maradona 'corrupt' DIEGO MARADONA, who this week accused his successor
as Argentine coach Sergio Batista of accepting bribes, is also tainted by
corruption, according to his former private secretary. Gabriel Buono made the
accusation, saying of his ex-boss, "He talks about bribes but, if you are
looking for someone who is corrupt, the first person is Maradona - I've got all
the evidence." Maradona caused a stir this week when alleging that Batista had
taken bribes to include certain players in the national team. Batista was sacked
after July's Copa America flop on home soil having only replaced Maradona
following the 2010 World Cup, which ended in a quarter-final thrashing by
Germany.

Monaghan shines CONTROVERSIAL former Canberra Raiders star Joel Monaghan was the
man of the moment as he inspired Warrington to a nine-try, 47-0 rout of
Huddersfield, that served notice of the Wolves' grand final credentials.

On the opening night of the Super League play-offs, the younger Monaghan brother
touched down twice and was at the heart of everything the league leader's Shield
winners did well as they coasted through to the semi-finals in a fortnight's
time. Former State of Origin players Matt King and Brett Hodgson were also among
the scorers for the home side, along with a Chris Riley double.

Griffin wins MATT GRIFFIN won the inaugural South Pacific Golf Open Championship
yesterday on the second play-off hole against consistent fellow Victorian Terry
Pilkadaris in New Caledonia. The win comes as a great relief to Griffin, who has
often been described as the tour bridesmaid after recording numerous top-10
finishes in his short but extremely successful professional career. "It would be
fair to say that this win lifts the monkey off the back.

I have put myself in winnable positions a few times since turning pro in 2008
and it comes as a great relief to finally finish one off," he said.

Senden in fourth AUSTRALIAN golfer John Senden has kept his Tour Championship
and Presidents Cup hopes alive after a great second round moved him into fourth
place at the US PGA Tour's BMW Championship in Illinois.

Needing to finish in the top four to progress to the final championship play-off
event in Atlanta and a win to make Greg Norman's International team, Senden
fired an impressive five-under par 66 yesterday to move to eight under 134 at
the halfway mark of the tournament. The Queenslander is three shots adrift of
Englishman Justin Rose and American Mark Wilson who share the lead at 11-under
par 131.

All for peace THE LOS ANGELES Lakers have a new name on the roster now that Ron
Artest's bid to change his name to Metta World Peace has been approved. The
decision, rendered by Superior Court Commissioner Matthew St George after a
brief hearing yesterday, completed a process begun by the NBA player in June,
when he said he wanted to change his name for personal reasons.

The official change was delayed pending resolution of a traffic ticket.

The player, whose full given name is Ronald William Artest Jr, helped the Lakers
win the NBA title in 2010.

Artest's new surname is World Peace, while the player's publicist said his
chosen first name of Metta is a Buddhist term that means loving kindness toward
all.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ST


       Copyright 2011 The Federal Capital Press of Australia PTY Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             837 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 24, 2006 Friday

California News in Brief

SECTION: BRIEFS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 461 words

RANCHO DOMINGUEZ

Bribe items sell well at IRS/FBI auction

The silver-plated candelabras went for $2,000. An armoire with beveled mirrors
pulled in $4,000. And a marble-topped night stand was sold for $1,250.

Piece by piece, the furniture, rugs and home furnishings that were among the
bribes defense contractors lavished on corrupt former Rep. Randy ``Duke''
Cunningham were auctioned by the government Thursday for $94,625. The money will
be split by the Internal Revenue Service and the FBI.

After pleading guilty to tax evasion and conspiracy, Cunningham was sentenced
earlier this month to eight years and four months in federal prison. Prosecutors
said he collected $2.4 million in bribes from defense contractors in exchange
for steering government contracts and other favors their way.

SACRAMENTO

Falsely convicted men to share compensation

Two men who were given long prison sentences for crimes they didn't commit will
share more than $1 million in compensation under legislation signed Thursday by
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.

The bill by Sen. Kevin Murray, D-Culver City, would give $328,200 to Peter J.
Rose and $756,900 to Kenneth Marsh. The awards amount to $100 for each day of
incarceration.

Rose was convicted in 1996 of sexually assaulting a 13-year-old Lodi girl and
was sentenced to 27 years in prison. In 2002, DNA samples showed Rose was not
guilty, and the girl recanted her identification of him as her attacker shortly
after his release.

Marsh was convicted in 1983 of killing a 2-year-old boy and was sentenced to 15
years to life in prison. Evidence later showed that the boy died of a blood
disorder, not child abuse. Marsh was released in 2004.

LOS ANGELES

Dumping of homeless scrutinized in video

A videotape of an elderly woman wandering Skid Row in a hospital gown and
slippers is being examined by authorities investigating the practice of
hospitals and police agencies dumping homeless people downtown.

Carol Ann Reyes, 63, of Gardena was taken from a Kaiser Permanente hospital in
Bellflower on Monday to Skid Row, authorities said. Videotape recorded Monday by
a surveillance camera outside the Union Rescue Mission showed a taxi cab drive
out of camera view. Moments later, Reyes appeared from the direction of the cab.

Reyes wandered the street for about three minutes before a mission staff member
brought her inside.

The city attorney's office is investigating.

For several months, city officials have been looking into alleged dumping of
homeless people in Skid Row, a ramshackle area of downtown. Several hospitals
have acknowledged that they put some discharged indigent patients with nowhere
else to go into taxicabs headed to Skid Row because the area offers the best
chance for getting services and shelter.

From Mercury News wire services

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                             838 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday

Aide pleads guilty to bribes

SECTION: Z_NATION

LENGTH: 439 words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va.


A Louisiana congressman demanded bribes in exchange for his help in promoting a
pair of business deals in Africa, according to court documents filed Wednesday
with a guilty plea by one of the congressman's former staffers.

Brett Pfeffer, 37, a former legislative director to Rep. William Jefferson,
D-La., pleaded guilty to aiding and abetting bribery of a public official and
conspiracy. He could get 20 years in prison when sentenced March 31.

A spokeswoman for Jefferson declined to comment.

Pfeffer said in federal court that a congressman demanded bribes in exchange for
his assistance in brokering two African telecom deals.

Court documents did not identify the congressman by name, referring to him only
as "Representative A." But the documents make clear that Jefferson is the
congressman.

According to the documents, Pfeffer was employed as a legislative assistant by
the congressman from 1995 through 1997. That is when Pfeffer served as a
legislative aide to Jefferson, holding titles that included legislative
director.

Pfeffer agreed to cooperate with prosecutors and testify if needed.

Pfeffer's attorney, Paul Knight, declined to comment.

The conspiracy took place in 2004 and 2005, years after Pfeffer had left
Jefferson's office, according to authorities.

Pfeffer said in court that a congressman had solicited his assistance in
promoting business opportunities in Nigeria and Ghana. The congressmen demanded
5 percent to 7 percent of the newly formed African companies in exchange for his
help promoting the deal to African government officials and others, according to
Pfeffer.

Prosecutor Mark Lytle said the congressman and Pfeffer traveled to Ghana in July
to promote a similar deal there.

Pfeffer's attorney, Paul Knight, declined to comment.

Court records give no indication how much money Jefferson stood to receive. That
amount will be determined later as part of Pfeffer's sentencing.

Prosecutors have been investigating Jefferson in connection with a
telecommunications deal involving a Kentucky-based company that specialized in
providing high-speed Internet access over Nigeria's copper telephone wires.

The FBI raided Jefferson's home in August and, according to published reports,
carted off cash from a freezer.

The FBI also raided the Maryland home of Nigerian Vice President Atiku Abubakar,
seeking documents connecting him and his wife to the congressman and the
telecommunications deal.

Jefferson was elected to the House in 1990, becoming the first black congressman
from Louisiana since Reconstruction. He represents most of New Orleans,
including sections of the city that were hardest hit by Hurricane Katrina.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             839 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


            Banking and Stock Exchange, Finance, Economics (Russia)

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

The USA verifies information on the alleged bribe offered to one of Deutsche
Bank employees in Moscow in December 2014

SECTION: OCCURRENCES; No. 125

LENGTH: 358 words


Reference: Lyudmila Klimentieva "The Bribe That Didn't Exist", Vedomosti,
No.127, July 15, 2015, p.15

The New York Department of Financial Services (DFS) asked Deutsche Bank to
provide documents of the bank's Moscow-based office, Bloomberg reports. DFS is
particularly interested in details of a suspected bribe offered to an employee
of Deutsche Bank in Moscow in December 2014, The Financial Times reports quoting
the text of the inquiry. The alleged bribe was offered to resume cooperation
with the contractor suspended from working with Deutsche Bank until the end of
the bank's internal investigation into money laundering. As is known to FT, the
bank's employee didn't take the bribe. The bribe event is part of the
investigation into possible USD 6 billion money laundering by Russian clients of
the German bank, according to the inquiry received from the U.S. regulators.

On May 22, Deutsche Bank announced the start of an internal investigation into
USD 6 billion transactions made from 2011 to the start of 2015. Vedomosti's
source said then that Tim Wiswell, head of the bank's Russian equities business,
as well as Dinara Maksutova and Georgy Buznik were placed on temporary leave
from the first half of April. The Bank of Russia recommended the German bank
looking into equity transactions in October 2014, Bloomberg said. Details of
these transactions and the clients involved are still unknown.

Sources of Manager Magazin, which was the first to report the investigation,
said that the bank felt suspicious about so-called mirror trades in derivatives.
Few seconds after the purchase of derivatives for rubles on the OTC market in
Moscow, the same instruments were sold for foreign currency in London, on the
OTC market as well. The DFS investigates whether Deutsche clients could use
mirror trades to illegally remove money from Russia as well as how much properly
the bank notified regulators of suspicious transactions.

In 2014, the Bank of Russia requested details of suspicious transactions, too,
and Deutsche notified the German financial regulator BaFin, Britain's FCA and
the European Central Bank of the start of internal audits.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ORIGINAL-LANGUAGE: RUSSIA; RUSSIAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2015 Agency WPS
                              All Rights Reserved


                             840 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 24, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Official Charged With Taking Bribes to Grant Immigrants Political Asylum

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 4; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 475 words


A Federal employee with the power to award political asylum has been charged
with taking bribes from immigrants seeking to stay in the United States.

The employee, John Shandorf, is one of eight supervisors for the Asylum Division
of the Immigration and Naturalization Service in Queens. He was arrested at his
office on April 8 and charged with conspiracy and accepting bribes, according to
the F.B.I. and the Immigration and Naturalization Service.

In an affidavit seeking Mr. Shandorf's arrest, Special Agent Daniel Lyons of the
F.B.I. said Mr. Shandorf had accepted between $500 and several thousand dollars
from at least 30 foreign nationals, and then either approved their asylum
applications himself, oversaw a subordinate who did so, or overturned someone
else's denial of an application. It was not clear whether any of those people
faced charges or deportation.

"Several aliens have admitted to me that on their asylum applications they had
lied and stated that, in the past, they had been subject to persecution in their
native land for their political beliefs," Agent Lyons said in the affidavit,
referring to some of those believed to have given bribes.

"One alien in particular admitted to me that his asylum application contained
specific allegations of persecution that were purportedly directed at the alien
and his family when they resided in Albania," Agent Lyons said. "At the time
that the acts of political persecution had allegedly occurred in Albania, this
alien had already entered, and was residing in, the United States."

Three of the five foreign nationals Agent Lyons interviewed were from Albania;
one was from Yugoslavia.

At least two other people, whose identities are being withheld by the F.B.I.,
have been charged as intermediaries in the scheme. One pleaded guilty to bribing
a public official and another was charged with conspiracy to influence, obstruct
and impede a governmental proceeding.

It was not immediately clear whether the other defendants worked for the
immigration agency.  Both are cooperating with the Federal investigation,
according to court papers.

According to the affidavit, the other two people charged prepared asylum
applications for the aliens, coached them about how to handle their interviews
with Immigration and Naturalization service employees and assured them their
applications would be approved if they paid.

"Act like it's legal," one of those other defendants told the applicant,
according to court papers.

Several of the aliens lived in New Jersey but provided false addresses so their
applications could be processed in the Queens office where Mr. Shandorf worked,
according to authorities.

Mr. Shandorf is free on bail. A message was left on the answering machine of the
only John Shandorf listed in New York directory. No one returned the telephone
call.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                             841 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Former county supervisor's aide testifies at Colonies trial about PAC

BYLINE: Joe Nelson; jnelson@scng.com @SBCountyNow on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1049 words

ABSTRACT

Throughout the course of civil litigation between San Bernardino County and
Upland real estate investor group Colonies Partners LP, from 2002 through
November 2006, a defendant in the Colonies corruption case who was party to the
litigation contributed thousands of dollars to former county supervisors and
defendant Paul Biane, who also set up a political action committee in 2004 that
received a $100,000 contribution from Colonies in 2007, which prosecutors say
was a bribe, one of several to defendants in the case.

FULL TEXT

SAN BERNARDINO >> Political action committees and campaign contributions took
center stage Thursday at the Colonies corruption trial, with a former aide to
former county supervisor and defendant Paul Biane taking the witness stand.

Tim Johnson, who served as Biane's campaign manager, field representative and
ultimately district director during the eight years Biane served as a county
supervisor, testified about Biane's relationship with Rancho Cucamonga developer
and codefendant Jeff Burum.

Specifically, Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel, whose office is jointly
prosecuting the case with San Bernardino County prosecutors, questioned Johnson
about contributions Burum and his businesses made to Biane's campaign during and
following a nearly 5-year legal battle Burum's investor group, Colonies Partners
LP., was embroiled in with the county from 2002 through 2006.

Additionally, Mandel questioned Johnson about a political action committee, San
Bernardino County Young Republicans, that was formed in October 2004 by Biane's
chief of staff, Matt Brown, in which Biane directed most of the expenditures and
contributions, Johnson said.

The PAC received a $100,000 contribution from Colonies Partners, in which Burum
is a co-managing partner, on June 11, 2007. Prosecutors allege the contribution
was a bribe Burum paid to Biane for approving a $102 million settlement with
Colonies on Nov. 28, 2006 that prosecutors allege was tainted by bribery.

Johnson oversaw Biane's campaign contributions and recipient committees, and
Burum was a driving force in getting Biane elected to the Board of Supervisors
in 2002 after a fallout he had with Biane's predecessor, Jon Mikels, during the
heated land rights dispute involving Colonies' 434-acre property in Upland that
spurred the lawsuit filed in March 2002.

The county countersued, fueling the legal battle that resulted in the 2006
settlement prosecutors allege was tainted by bribery.

Mandel's line of questioning about Burum's and Colonies' contributions to Biane
was to show a possible motive for Biane pushing to settle the Colonies' lawsuit
against the county.

Burum, Biane and two other former top county officials were indicted in May 2001
on suspicion of conspiring to fix the settlement between the county and Colonies
Partners in exchange for a total of $400,000 in bribes. Prosecutors say the
alleged bribes were funneled into sham political action committees secretly
controlled by the supervisors who approved the settlement or members of their
staff.

Also charged in the criminal case are former Assistant Assessor Jim Erwin and
Mark Kirk, former chief of staff for erstwhile county Supervisor Gary Ovitt.
Erwin is accused of receiving a bribe for serving as an intermediary for Burum
to help facilitate the settlement, and Kirk is accused of receiving a bribe for
delivering Ovitt's vote approving the settlement.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

In March 2011, former Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Postmus, initially a
targeted defendant in the case, entered into a plea agreement with prosecutors,
pleading guilty to 10 felonies.

He admitted to taking a $100,0000 bribe from Burum and has agreed to testify
against the four defendants in exchange for having all but two of his felony
charges dropped.

The other political action committees that received alleged bribes were Erwin's
Committee for Effective Government, which received a $100,000 contribution from
Colonies Partners on March 20, 2007,

Kirk's Alliance for Ethical Government, which received a $100,000 contribution
on May 16, 2007, and Postmus' Conservatives for a Republican Majority and Inland
Empire PACs, both of which received $50,000 contributions from Colonies Partners
on June 11, 2007.

Among the contributions Biane received from Burum or his affiliated businesses
included a $2,000 contribution from Jeff Burum Enterprises to Biane's campaign
for county supervisor account on April 29, 2002, a $10,000 contribution to
Biane's campaign from Colonies Partners, Inc. on Jan. 4, 2002, another $10,000
contribution from Jeff Burum Enterprises on Aug. 20, 2008, and a $2,500
contribution from Jeff Burum Enterprises on Jan. 25, 2008, according to court
testimony Thursday.

Mandel pointed out that among the first contributions received by the San
Bernardino County Young Republicans recipient committee included three
contributions by Biane, for his campaign account, totaling more than $60,000, a
$2,500 contribution from Colonies Crossroads, Inc. in December 2004 and a $5,000
contribution, also in December 2004, from the Sheriff's Employees' Benefit
Association, or SEBA, where defendant Erwin served as the former president and
still had clout.

Mandel also asked Johnson why Riverside publicist Patrick O'Reilly, a close
friend of Burum's who assisted Burum in public relations work in the Colonies
litigation, was listed as the treasurer for San Bernardino County Young
Republicans on a state form disclosing payments made to the PAC. Johnson said he
did not know.

Burum's attorney, Stephen Larson, asked Johnson if O'Reilly's name appearing on
the form was a mistake.

"Mr. O'Reilly was not the treasurer of the PAC, right?" Larson asked, to which
Johnson replied, "no."

"Some people make mistakes, right?" Larson asked Johnson.

"Yes," Johnson replied.

For Larson, the prosecution's focus on campaign contributions and PACs was much
ado about nothing, and all a part of the world of politicians and major donors.

"You understand how important the rules are in fundraising, and that bribery is
illegal, right?" Larson asked Johnson, to which Johnson replied, "Yes."

"Do you know anyone you have ever worked with who engaged in bribery?" Larson
asked.

"No," Johnson said.

Testimony resumes Monday before Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             842 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            January 27, 2017 Friday

Former county supervisor's aide testifies at Colonies trial about PAC

BYLINE: Joe Nelson; jnelson@scng.com @SBCountyNow on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1049 words

ABSTRACT

Throughout the course of civil litigation between San Bernardino County and
Upland real estate investor group Colonies Partners LP, from 2002 through
November 2006, a defendant in the Colonies corruption case who was party to the
litigation contributed thousands of dollars to former county supervisors and
defendant Paul Biane, who also set up a political action committee in 2004 that
received a $100,000 contribution from Colonies in 2007, which prosecutors say
was a bribe, one of several to defendants in the case.

FULL TEXT

SAN BERNARDINO >> Political action committees and campaign contributions took
center stage Thursday at the Colonies corruption trial, with a former aide to
former county supervisor and defendant Paul Biane taking the witness stand.

Tim Johnson, who served as Biane's campaign manager, field representative and
ultimately district director during the eight years Biane served as a county
supervisor, testified about Biane's relationship with Rancho Cucamonga developer
and codefendant Jeff Burum.

Specifically, Deputy Attorney General Melissa Mandel, whose office is jointly
prosecuting the case with San Bernardino County prosecutors, questioned Johnson
about contributions Burum and his businesses made to Biane's campaign during and
following a nearly 5-year legal battle Burum's investor group, Colonies Partners
LP., was embroiled in with the county from 2002 through 2006.

Additionally, Mandel questioned Johnson about a political action committee, San
Bernardino County Young Republicans, that was formed in October 2004 by Biane's
chief of staff, Matt Brown, in which Biane directed most of the expenditures and
contributions, Johnson said.

The PAC received a $100,000 contribution from Colonies Partners, in which Burum
is a co-managing partner, on June 11, 2007. Prosecutors allege the contribution
was a bribe Burum paid to Biane for approving a $102 million settlement with
Colonies on Nov. 28, 2006 that prosecutors allege was tainted by bribery.

Johnson oversaw Biane's campaign contributions and recipient committees, and
Burum was a driving force in getting Biane elected to the Board of Supervisors
in 2002 after a fallout he had with Biane's predecessor, Jon Mikels, during the
heated land rights dispute involving Colonies' 434-acre property in Upland that
spurred the lawsuit filed in March 2002.

The county countersued, fueling the legal battle that resulted in the 2006
settlement prosecutors allege was tainted by bribery.

Mandel's line of questioning about Burum's and Colonies' contributions to Biane
was to show a possible motive for Biane pushing to settle the Colonies' lawsuit
against the county.

Burum, Biane and two other former top county officials were indicted in May 2001
on suspicion of conspiring to fix the settlement between the county and Colonies
Partners in exchange for a total of $400,000 in bribes. Prosecutors say the
alleged bribes were funneled into sham political action committees secretly
controlled by the supervisors who approved the settlement or members of their
staff.

Also charged in the criminal case are former Assistant Assessor Jim Erwin and
Mark Kirk, former chief of staff for erstwhile county Supervisor Gary Ovitt.
Erwin is accused of receiving a bribe for serving as an intermediary for Burum
to help facilitate the settlement, and Kirk is accused of receiving a bribe for
delivering Ovitt's vote approving the settlement.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

In March 2011, former Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Postmus, initially a
targeted defendant in the case, entered into a plea agreement with prosecutors,
pleading guilty to 10 felonies. He admitted to taking a $100,0000 bribe from
Burum and has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for
having all but two of his felony charges dropped.

The other political action committees that received alleged bribes were Erwin's
Committee for Effective Government, which received a $100,000 contribution from
Colonies Partners on March 20, 2007,

Kirk's Alliance for Ethical Government, which received a $100,000 contribution
on May 16, 2007, and Postmus' Conservatives for a Republican Majority and Inland
Empire PACs, both of which received $50,000 contributions from Colonies Partners
on June 11, 2007.

Among the contributions Biane received from Burum or his affiliated businesses
included a $2,000 contribution from Jeff Burum Enterprises to Biane's campaign
for county supervisor account on April 29, 2002, a $10,000 contribution to
Biane's campaign from Colonies Partners, Inc. on Jan. 4, 2002, another $10,000
contribution from Jeff Burum Enterprises on Aug. 20, 2008, and a $2,500
contribution from Jeff Burum Enterprises on Jan. 25, 2008, according to court
testimony Thursday.

Mandel pointed out that among the first contributions received by the San
Bernardino County Young Republicans recipient committee included three
contributions by Biane, for his campaign account, totaling more than $60,000, a
$2,500 contribution from Colonies Crossroads, Inc. in December 2004 and a $5,000
contribution, also in December 2004, from the Sheriff's Employees' Benefit
Association, or SEBA, where defendant Erwin served as the former president and
still had clout.

Mandel also asked Johnson why Riverside publicist Patrick O'Reilly, a close
friend of Burum's who assisted Burum in public relations work in the Colonies
litigation, was listed as the treasurer for San Bernardino County Young
Republicans on a state form disclosing payments made to the PAC. Johnson said he
did not know.

Burum's attorney, Stephen Larson, asked Johnson if O'Reilly's name appearing on
the form was a mistake.

"Mr. O'Reilly was not the treasurer of the PAC, right?" Larson asked, to which
Johnson replied, "no."

"Some people make mistakes, right?" Larson asked Johnson.

"Yes," Johnson replied.

For Larson, the prosecution's focus on campaign contributions and PACs was much
ado about nothing, and all a part of the world of politicians and major donors.

"You understand how important the rules are in fundraising, and that bribery is
illegal, right?" Larson asked Johnson, to which Johnson replied, "Yes."

"Do you know anyone you have ever worked with who engaged in bribery?" Larson
asked.

"No," Johnson said.

Testimony resumes Monday before Judge Michael A. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             843 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 30, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Mercer facing bribery charge

SOURCE: Compiled from Wire Reports

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 503 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK



Ray Mercer, the 1988 Olympic gold medalist, wasn't winning with his fists.  So,
in the third round of a heavyweight fight with Jesse Ferguson, he tried  using
money, prosecutors alleged Tuesday.

Videotape of the Feb. 6 fight at Madison Square Garden disclosed that  Mercer
repeatedly offered Ferguson $ 100,000 to throw the match, Manhattan  District
Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau said.

Mercer, 32, first offered the bribe in the third round, according to
Morgenthau, who also said "it was repeated numerous times after the third
round."

Mercer, who lost the 10-round fight in a unanimous decision, was indicted  by a
grand jury on a charge that he tried to bribe Ferguson, 36, his former  sparring
partner. He pleaded innocent at his arraignment Tuesday, and Judge  George
Roberts released him on his own recognizance.

Mercer was arrested Sunday in Indianapolis, where he lives. He faces up to
seven years in prison if convicted of the class D felony. His next court
appearance was set for July 12.

Mercer got only about $ 50,000 for the fight with Ferguson, who got $ 10,000.
Had Mercer won, he would have been paid $ 2.5-million to fight heavyweight
champion Riddick Bowe.

Mercer, a flabby 238 3/4 pounds, lost by 2, 3 and 8 points on official
scorecards. The loss was Mercer's second in 22 fights.

Ferguson, who had come in with an 18-9 record and had lost four of his  previous
five fights, got $ 500,000 to challenge Bowe and was stopped 17  seconds into
the second round during the May 22 fight in Washington.

HBO didn't televise the Mercer-Ferguson fight, but taped it as practice for  a
Bowe-Michael Dokes bout on the same card, said Daniel J. Castleman, chief
investigator in the district attorney's Frauds Bureau. "They used four  tracking
systems, and we were able to get into those systems," Castleman  said.

The card, featuring hometown heavyweight champion Bowe, was supposed to
celebrate a comeback for the sport in the Garden, but proprietors of the
building have since ordered boxing dropped permanently.

Randy Gordon, chairman of the New York State Athletic Commission, said he
notified authorities after referee Wayne Kelly told him Mercer may have  offered
a bribe to Ferguson during the fight. Gordon said Kelly told him a  trainer -
not connected with either fighter - had said there were rumors of a  bribe
offer.

Gordon said this was not typical trash talk, in which one fighter tries to
psych the other. "They'll say, "I'll kill you,' things like that. I've never
heard of one boxer offering a bribe to another, though," said Gordon.

Gordon announced March 3 he was investigating the charges. Both fighters  denied
the allegations then. Ferguson said, "If he offered money, I didn't  hear it."

Morgenthau said Ferguson would not be charged for not reporting a bribe.

Ferguson, reached at his home in Philadelphia, referred all questions to  his
attorney, James Binns, of Philadelphia. Binns was unavailable for comment.

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: COLOR PHOTO; Ray Mercer

                            Times Publishing Company


                             844 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 19, 1982, Sunday, Final Edition

Legislators Condemn ICC Official's Views On Trucking Bribes

BYLINE: By Howard Kurtz and Douglas B. Feaver, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: First Section; A3

LENGTH: 590 words


Several members of Congress yesterday called on President Reagan to fire
Frederic Andre, a member of the Interstate Commerce Commission who said that
kickbacks in the trucking industry should be viewed as just "discounts" or
"rebates."

Andre, one of Reagan's appointees to the ICC, said in a closed meeting Oct. 20
that the commission should not worry about bribes in the trucking business
because they are "one of the clearest instances of the free market at work."
According to the confidential transcript obtained by The Washington Post, Andre
also said that truckers should be allowed to conspire to fix prices, and that he
sees nothing wrong with convicted felons running a trucking company while in
prison.

"I was simply shocked to read the views of Mr. Andre," said Sen. Robert T.
Stafford (R-Vt.), chairman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
"I personally think there's no place in the federal government for a man who
holds these views. He either ought to resign or the president ought to dismiss
him.

"That he would consider a bribe to be a rebate -- why, good Lord, a bribe is a
breach of the law and to be condemned. Philosophically, at least, he is willing
to overlook the laws he is supposed to be administering."

The administration wasted little time in distancing itself from Andre's
controversial remarks.

"Mr. Andre's views do not reflect those of the White House," said White House
spokesman Anson Franklin. "We do not agree with his comments as reported in The
Post."

Andre, 49, remained unavailable for comment yesterday. He is a onetime truck
driver and former official of the Indiana state motor vehicle bureau who was an
advance man for Reagan in 1980 and later served on Reagan's ICC transition team.
ICC Chairman Reese H. Taylor Jr. and other Reagan appointees on the commission
told him they disagreed with his views on bribery, according to the transcript.

Nearly every legislator contacted yesterday called for Andre's resignation. Sen.
Donald W. Riegle Jr. (D-Mich.) said Andre's comments reflect "a pre-Watergate
mentality that somehow bribes are a normal part of accepted business practice. A
bribe is not a rebate, a bribe is a crime, and he should know the difference.

"Fred Andre has a twisted and improper notion of how the free market system
should work. I would hope the president finds these views as repugnant as most
people would."

Rep. James J. Florio (D-N.J.), chairman of a House subcommittee on commerce and
transportation, said Andre's remarks "demonstrate the robber-baron approach to
the free-enterprise system. It's outrageous that a person with that sense of
values is in a position to be making crucial policy decisions in a key
industry."

"To me, he's advocating and sanctioning criminal conduct," said Sen. Max Baucus
(D-Mont.).

Rep. Albert Gore Jr. (D-Tenn.) was one of several Democrats who said that
Andre's remarks fit in with a growing pattern of lax enforcement policies at
several regulatory agencies, including the Securities and Exchange Commission
and the Occupational Safety and Health Administration.

"Underneath it all is a virulent anti-government attitude which assumes that
even criminal behavior is preferable to the dreaded hand of regulation," Gore
said.

When other ICC members insisted that bribes were wrong, according to the
transcript, Andre replied: "Well, they are just discounts . . . . A bribe is a
rebate, is it not?  . . . It is an attempt to get around the rigidities imposed
on the market by a government cartel."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, FREDERIC ANDRE . . . congressmen call for his dismissal

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                             845 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             October 7, 2011 Friday

City big busted for 600G coffee-cup 'bribes' THAT'S A 'LATTE' MONEY

BYLINE: MITCHEL MADDUX , DAVID SEIFMAN and DAN MANGAN

SECTION: ; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 462 words


Here's some sugar for your coffee.

A top city housing official was busted yesterday on charges of accepting
$600,000 in bribes - with some of that cash delivered in coffee cups - in
exchange for directing tens of millions of dollars worth of affordable-housing
building contracts to developers, authorities said.

Assistant Housing Commissioner for New Construction Wendell Walters was arrested
along with six developers.

Prosecutors charged the six with shaking down general contractors that were
hired for projects funded by Walters' Department of Housing Preservation and
Development.

"These defendants saddled the city's affordable-housing program with a criminal
pay-to-play scheme, lining their pockets at the public's expense," said city
Department of Investigation Commissioner Rose Gill Hearn, whose agency uncovered
the decade-long scam, which netted up to $2 million in kickbacks and bribes.

The FBI and prosecutors who filed the case in Brooklyn federal court said the
scheme cost HPD hundreds of thousands of dollars in overpayments for projects in
Brooklyn, Queens and The Bronx.

Mayor Bloomberg said, "We just have no tolerance for corruption with anybody in
city government," but insisted Walters' alleged crimes were an aberration among
the city's 330,000 employees.

He said Walters has been suspended without pay, and the six developers barred
from receiving city work.

Court documents reveal in damning detail how Walters, 49, a former Iona College
basketball standout, allegedly shook down a general contractor identified only
as "John Doe #1."

Beginning in 2002, the papers say, Walters met "Doe" at a Manhattan coffee shop,
and "during that meeting, Walters wrote '250' on a piece of paper and showed it
to John Doe #1, which John Doe #1 understood to mean that [he] would have to pay
Walters a $250,000 bribe in order to secure future work for HPD."

Over the next seven years, prosecutors claim, "Doe'' ended up giving Walters
hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes to secure contracting and development
project funds from HPD that often totaled "in excess of $10 million."

Doe disguised the payments by placing them in "overnight mail envelopes and
golf-ball boxes [and] . . . coffee cups," the feds claim.

Doe also was allegedly shaken down by several of the developers arrested
yesterday, among them real-estate attorneys Lee Hymowitz and Michael Freeman, as
well as developer Sergio Benitez.

The other developers arrested yesterday were Stevenson Dunn, Robert Morales and
Angel Villalona.

All of the defendants were released yesterday on $500,000 bonds after appearing
in Brooklyn federal court, except for Morales, who was released on $300,000
bond.

Additional reporting by Sally Goldenberg and Josh Margolin

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BITTER TASTE: Assistant Housing Commissioner for New Construction
Wendell Walters (above) is arrested yesterday, and FBI agents raid his home
(above left) in what prosecutors say was a pay-to-play scheme for
contracts.William FarringtonSeth Gotfried

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             846 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           February 7, 2008 Thursday

'$HAKEDOWN' WAS CRIME OF FASHION - JACOBS 'PAYOFF' TO LEX ARMORY BIG

BYLINE: KENNETH LOVETT and FREDRIC U. DICKER

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 453 words


In a Fashion Week bombshell, the superintendent of the famed Lexington Avenue
Armory has been accused of shaking down designer Marc Jacobs and others for more
than $30,000.

James Jackson provided armory space for their events in return for illegal cash
payoffs, home gym equipment, computers and other items, Attorney General Andrew
Cuomo and state Inspector General Kristine Hamann said yesterday.

Cuomo also revealed that Jacobs' company is now a subject of the ongoing
criminal investigation to determine whether it willingly forked over bribe money
to secure space at the armory.

"It's illegal to receive a bribe but it can also be illegal to pay a bribe,"
Cuomo told The Post.

A Jacobs fashion show is scheduled for the armory tomorrow as part of Fashion
Week with what a Jacobs spokeswoman said is "the full knowledge and consent of
the Attorney General's Office."

The spokeswoman said "we have been and are cooperating" with the investigation.

Jacobs fashion shows are among the hottest events and often attended by
glitterati like rockers Fergie and Courtney Love and celebs Ashton Kutcher, Demi
Moore and Victoria Beckham - all in attendance at his recent shows at the
armory.

The armory, a national historic landmark, is routinely rented out for commercial
events.

Jackson, who oversaw the facility for more than eight years but has since left,
often would tell vendors that their paperwork got tied up, investigators say.

He would allegedly say they had to pay to get the process moving again, or would
accept money to get a fashion show into the armory space a day early so planners
could set up without paying the full $6,000 daily rental fee, a Cuomo aide said.

Jacobs made the payments through its public-relations firm, KCD, officials said.

"What we found was a pattern of payoffs to Jackson that covered nearly a
decade," Hamann said.

Investigators were helped after the New York International Carpet Show contacted
the AG's Office in September to say the show had been hit by a shakedown.

Investigators, posing as members of the show, caught Jackson red-handed on
camera taking bribes, officials said. In one instance, he allegedly took $1,500
from an undercover agent.

"You pay for the value of that space," Cuomo said. "What you don't pay is a
gratuity or a bribe or an illegal tip."

Jackson, 56, a 30-year state employee, was arrested in October and quit his
$58,951-a- year job two days later.

He was indicted last week on 31 felony counts, including extortion and bribery,
and pleaded not guilty yesterday in Manhattan.

Additional reporting by Peter Cox

----

Undercover investigator: 'Count the money, I'm nervous about the money.'

James Jackson: 'OK, that's good.'

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GOTCHA! A video catches James Jackson allegedly taking a $1,500 bribe.
Officials say the armory boss extorted designer Marc Jacobs, seen this Fashion
Week with Fergie at the armory. [WireImage.com] (Photo Exclusive)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             847 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                            August 6, 2009 Thursday

Congressman guilty in freezer-cash bribe case

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 239  words


A federal jury convicted a former U.S. congressman yesterday of taking bribes on
11 of 16 counts in a case in which agents found $90,000 in his freezer.

Former Rep. William Jefferson, a Democrat who had represented parts of New
Orleans, was accused of accepting more than $400,000 in bribes and seeking
millions more in exchange for brokering business deals in Africa.

It took jurors five days to reach a decision after an eight-week trial. Most of
the trial was government testimony. The defence wrapped up its case in a matter
of hours.

The defence argued that Jefferson was acting as a private business consultant in
brokering the deals and that his actions did not constitute bribery under
federal law.

Prosecutors accused Jefferson of hiding bribes by funneling money disguised as
consulting fees through sham companies controlled by his wife and brother.

In one recording played by defence attorneys, Jefferson explained that he did
not want his name on any of the deals to avoid an appearance of impropriety.

Legally, much of the case turned on whether Jefferson's deal-brokering
constituted an "official act" under federal bribery laws.

Jefferson has been under investigation since March 2005. In August of that year,
FBI agents searched his Washington home and found $90,000 cash in his freezer,
wrapped in foil and hidden in boxes of frozen pie crust.

Jefferson has disputed a claim by prosecutors that the freezer cash was bribe
money.

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             848 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                              June 6, 2014 Friday

Paper: Level of Corruption Linked to Amounts Spent on Large Infrastructure
Projects

BYLINE: Jim Watts

SECTION: INFRASTRUCTURE Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 586  words


DALLAS - A direct correlation exists between the level of public corruption in a
state and how much the state spends on highways and construction projects,
according to a new study that looked at convictions under federal corruption
laws over more than three decades.

The millions or even billions of dollars involved in large transportation and
infrastructure projects provide opportunities for corruption that otherwise
would not be available, said researchers Cheol Liu of the City University of
Hong Kong and John L. Mikesell of Indiana University at Bloomington in the paper
published in the spring 2014 issue of Public Administration Review.

"State spending on construction, capital, and highway projects often involves
large expenditures, a small numbers of contractors and clients, and a lack of
transparency, making it vulnerable to bribes, kickbacks, and extortion," Liu and
Mikesell said.

Not only does corruption result in higher costs for projects, Liu and Mikesell
said, it also distorts spending priorities to favor projects that provide
enhanced opportunities for stealing public funds.

"Corruption is likely to distort states' public resource allocations in favor of
higher potential 'bribe-generating' spending and items beneficial to public
officials directly," they said.

States with a higher level of corruption are likely to favor capital
construction, highways, and borrowing, the paper said, while spending less on
education, health, and hospitals.

"It is very common to bribe government officials to gain or alter contracts and
to circumvent regulations related to construction," it said.

The paper analyzes more than 25,000 convictions of state and local officials for
violating federal corruption statutes. It is based on a Department of Justice
report to Congress that covers convictions from 1976 to 2009.

"We find that public officials' corruption caused state spending to be
artificially elevated," the researchers said. "The 10 most corrupt states could
have reduced their total expenditures annually by $1,308 per capita, on average,
if their corruption level was at the level of the states' average [of] 5.2% of
mean per capita expenditure."

Liu and Mikesell said based on the Department of Justice figures, the 10 most
corrupt states over the more than three decades are, in order, Mississippi,
Louisiana, Tennessee, Illinois, Pennsylvania, Alabama, Alaska, South Dakota,
Kentucky, and Florida. Factors in the ranking include total state population and
the number of public employees.

"Corrupt states are more likely to engage in deficit financing, which tends to
conceal the true cost of government spending from the public," Liu and Mikesell
said.

"[Corrupt states] spent more on high wages, which benefit government employees,"
the researchers said. "They also spent more on law enforcement and on prisons,
reflecting both the legal costs of corruption and the fact that prison
construction and operation are potentially lucrative."

The 10 least corrupt states in the study are Oregon, Washington, Minnesota,
Nebraska, Iowa, Vermont, Utah, New Hampshire, Colorado, and Kansas.

Investments in highways and debt issues are crucial to a state's economic growth
and development, Liu and Mikesell said.

"Increases in state's expenditures on capital, construction, highways, and
borrowing are not problematic in themselves," they said. "However, policymakers
should pay close attention so that public resources are not used for private
gains of the few but rather distributed effectively and fairly."

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2014 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             849 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 3, 2011 Saturday

Lucas prosecutor won't investigate McCloskey bribe-case allegations

BYLINE: Tony Cook, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 619 words


Sept. 03--Despite recently revealed allegations that several local politicians
knew about a bribe solicited by former Toledo Councilman Bob McCloskey, Lucas
County Prosecutor Julia Bates said she has no plans to further investigate.

Her office successfully prosecuted McCloskey in 2006 for demanding a $100,000
bribe from a company to set up a fund for Pilkington retirees as a condition for
his vote on a 2002 rezoning ordinance. While under indictment for that crime, he
also took $5,000 in bribes from businessmen who wanted assistance from the city
on development projects. He served 20 months in prison.

Those criminal cases were spawned by a civil lawsuit filed against the city in
2004 by EJS Properties LLC of Okemos, Mich. The lawsuit accuses council of
voting down company owner Erich J. Speckin's rezoning application because of his
and Pilkington's refusal to meet McCloskey's demands for the $100,000. Mr.
Speckin planned to buy part of the former Pilkington research center at 1701
East Broadway and lease it to a charter school.

In a 550-page deposition from 2007 that was only recently made available in U.S.
District Court, former Councilman Louis Escobar stated under oath that at least
five of his fellow council members were aware of McCloskey's demand for a bribe,
as were several top city officials who dealt with council. According to Mr.
Escobar's sworn testimony, he spoke about McCloskey's $100,000 demand with
then-councilmen Peter Gerken, Peter Ujvagi, Wade Kapszukiewicz, Wilma Brown, and
Gene Zmuda.

He also testified that he discussed McCloskey's $100,000 demand with Michael
Beazley, who was then the clerk of council, and with Stephen Herwat, who was
then the city plan director.

Many of those officials have since moved on to higher positions. All have denied
Mr. Escobar's testimony that they knew of McCloskey's solicitation or said they
couldn't recall the conversations in their own depositions in the case.

The question of who knew what when is significant because state law requires
those with knowledge of a felony to report the crime to authorities.

Ms. Bates said, however, that without evidence to corroborate Mr. Escobar's
claims, she has no plans to revisit ground already covered in her office's
investigation of McCloskey.

"There would have to be some trail, some phone calls, some other witness, an
e-mail written," she said. Her office found nothing like that when investigating
McCloskey, she said.

Initially, the fact that so many public officials reversed their votes on the
zoning issue "raised a red flag," she said. Council's zoning and planning
committee voted 7-0 to recommend the rezoning application for passage in 2002,
but a month later, councilmen Ujvagi, Wilma Brown, Tina Skeldon Wozniak, and
McCloskey -- all Democrats -- reversed their decisions and the application was
defeated in a 7-4 vote of council.

Ms. Bates, also a Democrat, said prosecutors looked into the vote reversals but
didn't see any links to McCloskey's solicitation.

"They had other reasons for changing their mind because of the pressure from the
teachers' union," she said. "You can argue, 'Should council people be changing
their vote because of pressure from the union?' but that's not a crime."

She doubted the politicians named by Mr. Escobar would risk their careers to
protect a "scumbag."

"It just didn't make sense to me," she said.

Assistant U.S. Attorney David Bauer, whose office prosecuted McCloskey for the
$5,000 bribes, wouldn't say if his office might look into Mr. Escobar's
accusations.

Contact Tony Cook at: tcook@theblade.com or 419-724-6065.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110903-TO-HLT-Lucas-prosecutor-won-t-investigate-McCloskey-bribe
-case-allegations-0903-20110903

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                             850 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 10, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

EX-REP. JENRETTE GETS TWO YEARS IN ABSCAM CASE

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Page 11, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Dec. 9


Former Representative John W. Jenrette Jr., saying alcoholism had made him lose
his judgment and accept a $50,000 bribe in the Abscam investigation, was
sentenced today to two years in prison and fined $20,000.

''I made a mistake,'' the 47-year-old Mr. Jenrette told Federal District Judge
John G. Penn, pleading for mercy three years after his conviction. ''I have
suffered. I will suffer.

''I certainly have no desire to further burden the overcrowded prisons.''

But the judge sentenced Mr. Jenrette to two years in prison and five years of
probation for accepting the $50,000 as the first installment of a $100,000 bribe
from an undercover agent of the Federal Bureau of Investigation posing as an
Arab sheik. The money was given in return for Mr. Jenrette's promise to
introduce legislation permitting a fictitious wealthy Arab sheik to immigrate to
the United States.

The bribe offer was part of the Abscam investigation in which Federal agents
posed as wealthy Arabs and offered several members of Congress bribes in
exchange for favors. One Senator and six Representatives, including Mr.
Jenrette, have been convicted of charges growing out of the investigation. Mr.
Jenrette resigned from Congress two months after his conviction.

He Is Appealing Sentence

The former Democrtic Congressman from South Carolina had made a series of
unsuccessful appeals of his conviction, and Judge Penn allowed him to remain
free pending the outcome of a new appeal, this one of his sentence.

Mr. Jenrette said he had recovered from alcoholism since his conviction in
October 1980. He said his drinking was a ''temptation that made me lose my
judgment.''

Witnesses at the one-hour hearing said Mr. Jenrette had been an active church
member in his new home in the Fort Lauderdale, Fla., area, where he sells real
estate and floor tile.

His former wife, Rita, who posed for Playboy magazine and wrote a personal
memoir after Mr. Jenrette's arrest, lives in Los Angeles.

Judge Penn made it clear he did not approve of the Government's handling of the
Abscam investigation, saying, ''I have been very critical about what the
Government did.''

Jurors Saw a Videotape

But the judge said he could not ignore what Mr. Jenrette had done nor the
decision the jury, which found him guilty of two counts of violating the Federal
antibribery statute and one count of conspiracy.

''They saw a videotape in which they saw a Congressman of the United States
accept a bribe,'' said Judge Penn. ''As I sat there looking at that tape,
knowing what the end result would be, I felt some hope that you would thrust it
in their face, walk out of the room and report it to the F.B.I.''

The tape showed Mr. Jenrette drinking with the agents, and at one point the
Congressman quipped, ''I've got larceny in my blood.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             851 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            South China Morning Post

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday

Soccer scandal claims more top scalps;
Ex-deputy head of national body and former director of China's women's squad
jailed for corruption

BYLINE: Stephen Chen binglin.chen@scmp.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 515 words


A court in Tieling, Liaoning  province, yesterday sentenced a top soccer
official and a referee instructor to long jail terms for taking bribes and
match-fixing.

The sentencing of Chinese Football Association former deputy head Yang Yimin and
Zhang Jianqiang,  a referee instructor  and former director of the national
women's soccer team, brings to 48 the number sentenced in a national crackdown
on soccer corruption.

Yang, 56, was sentenced to 10 1/2 years and fined 200,000 yuan (HK$246,000) for
accepting 1.25 million yuan in bribes.

His career in sports administration touched almost every aspect of soccer, from
organising commercial games and selecting national team players to issuing
referee licences and overseeing youth soccer.

These jobs enabled him to elicit bribes from more than 20 individuals and
organisations on more than 40 occasions, seeking help or convenience as far back
as 1997, the court was told during this trial.

"At first the bribes were 300 yuan or 500 yuan and I declined them all," he told
China Central Television in an earlier interview.

But, when the Shuntian club in Jiangsu  province  offered him US$10,000  to help
players pass their physical examinations, he relented.

"Soccer is a vanity fair where a weak man sells his soul," he said.

Zhang, who led China's women's soccer team to second place at the Atlanta
Olympic Games in 1996 and a silver medal at the World Cup three years later, was
convicted of taking 2.73 million yuan in bribes from eight clubs and two
provincial government soccer management centres. He was jailed for 12 years and
fined 250,000 yuan.

During his trial in December, he told judges that he fell in love with soccer at
the age of eight. He also pleaded with them to consider his contribution to
Chinese women's soccer if he were convicted, according to Xinhua

Neither Yang nor Zhang intended to appeal against their sentences.

The fates of infamous club executives  have also gripped the mainland media and
soccer fans.

Former Qingdao Hailifeng president Du Yunqi and former Liaoning Guangyuan
general manager Wang Xin  were sentenced to seven years in jail, while Wang Po,
the ex-general manager of Shanxi Luhu, received eight years, for bribing
government officials, fixing games and gambling.

Two days ago, in  Dandong, also in Liaoning, nine people including China's
"Golden Whistle"  Lu Jun, a referee lauded for his impartiality, were sentenced
to up to seven years for bribery and match-fixing.

Lu, a 2000 Olympic and 2002 World Cup referee, was jailed for 51/2 years for
accepting 810,000 yuan to fix seven matches in the top-flight domestic
competition, the Chinese Super League (CSL).

China Football Association former chief Xie Yalong  and his deputy Nan Yong
await trial for bribery.

Mainland soccer, especially the CSL, has long been plagued with gambling,
match-fixing scandals, crooked referees, corrupt administrators and violence on
and off the pitch.

A national cleansing began in 2009, with the arrest of Guangdong Eagles general
manager Zhong Guojian , and the sporting scandal turned into a political
movement.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Yang Yimin is led into court

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 South China Morning Post Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             852 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              May 3, 2007 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

School official took bribes;
E-rate investigation: Atlanta system's former technology director admits taking
cash from vendors. His wife pleads guilty to conspiracy; both are cooperating in
the probe.

BYLINE: KEN FOSKETT, PAUL DONSKY; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1236 words


For four years, Arthur Scott helped dole out tens of millions of federal dollars
to build a state-of-the-art computer network for Atlanta schoolchildren.

On Wednesday, Scott admitted taking $323,000 in bribes from vendors wanting a
piece of the action.

Scott, 47, the technology director at Atlanta Public Schools until 2003, pleaded
guilty to bribery and fraud in U.S. District Court as part of an ongoing
investigation into the district's technology spending.

Some of the bribes came from vendors seeking business with the district's E-rate
program, a federal initiative that brought high-speed Internet service to
students in low-income schools. But court papers did not specify which vendors
paid the bribes.

Scott's wife, Evelyn Myers Scott, 42, who worked for her husband in the
district's technology department, pleaded guilty Wednesday to wire and mail
fraud conspiracy.

The guilty pleas were the first to emerge from a grand jury investigation
launched after The Atlanta Journal-Constitution in 2004 reported widespread
abuses in Atlanta's E-rate spending.

The AJC found the school district spent at least $5 million on ineligible costs
and bought millions of dollars of equipment that it didn't need. It chose
vendors without competitive bidding and routinely paid too much for equipment
and services.

While at APS, Scott oversaw the district's E-rate spending, primarily to
purchase and install costly computer networking equipment in virtually every
public school. Scott also supervised technology spending from accounts funded by
city taxpayers.

Prosecutors said the Scotts put almost $298,000 of the vendors' payments into a
bank account that they used for wedding expenses, a down payment on a new home,
mortgage payments, school tuition and other personal expenses.

"Taking payoffs is not the way to do business on behalf of our schoolchildren,"
U.S. Attorney David Nahmias said in a prepared statement. "School system
employees must maintain the same high standard of honesty and fair play for
themselves as the schools set for their students."

Prosecutors said the Scotts may receive leniency in exchange for their
cooperation with investigators. Maximum penalties are 10 years in prison for
bribery and five years in prison for the fraud charge; each count also carries a
fine of up to $250,000. Sentencing is scheduled for July 31.

The Scotts also must pay restitution of $323,525, prosecutors said.

Scott, appearing calm and resolute, spoke briefly with a reporter outside the
federal courthouse Wednesday.

"God knows my heart," he said.

Scott left APS in August 2003 to become technology director for Decatur city
schools. He resigned abruptly March 2, citing personal reasons.

E-rate provides up to $2.25 billion a year, collected from fees paid by
consumers on their telephone bills, to school districts and libraries across the
country. Unscrupulous officials and businesses have preyed on the program, with
cases of fraud and abuse reported from coast to coast.

A Maryland school superintendent faces charges that he steered E-rate business
in exchange for a possible $100,000 in kickbacks. In another case, technology
company NEC paid $20 million in fines related to E-rate fraud and bid-rigging in
six school systems from California to South Carolina.

Atlanta schools Superintendent Beverly Hall said she and her staff were
cooperating fully with the investigation and urged anyone with knowledge of
illegal conduct to contact authorities.

Hall has overhauled the district's E-rate program, hiring new overseers and
bringing in specialists to ensure compliance with program rules.

In March, APS sued five of its vendors seeking reimbursement for unspecified
overpayments from the E-rate program.

Seth Kirschenbaum, Scott's attorney, said poor oversight is partly to blame for
Atlanta's E-rate problems.

"Arthur Scott helped install one of the best technology systems in the country,"
Kirschenbaum said. "He is proud of that accomplishment."

Scott also made "serious errors in judgment," the attorney said. "He deeply
regrets those decisions and he has accepted responsibility for them by pleading
guilty today, and by fully cooperating with the authorities in their
investigation."

Scott, the son of a former APS principal, was the primary architect in
configuring Atlanta schools for high-speed Internet access.

In 2001, prosecutors said, Scott and his wife formed a business called M&S
Consulting in Fayette County. The Scotts acknowledged funneling most of the
vendors' payments through M&S Consulting.

In one example cited by the government, Scott asked an unidentified company to
pay a $16,000 "finder's fee" in exchange for a software licensing agreement with
APS. Scott directed the company to simply inflate its invoice by $16,000 to
recover the "fee."

Terms of the arrangement were spelled out in writing, according to the
government.

In another instance, Scott took $37,917 from a vendor in exchange for supporting
the vendor's interest in E-rate business with APS.

Last month, court records show, the Internal Revenue Service filed a tax lien
against Evelyn Scott, asserting she owed nearly $160,000 for the time period
covered by the scheme.

Under Arthur Scott's direction, APS built one of the most sophisticated and
lavish computer networks in the country. Equipment purchased for dozens of
individual schools was powerful enough to manage Internet traffic for the entire
system.

Beginning in 2000, the district spent millions to convert a former school into
the hub for the computer network, installing equipment, furnishings and
sophisticated security --- even thumbprint readers for controlled access. E-rate
guidelines did not permit many of the expenditures.

APS abandoned the facility less than five years later when it relocated the
network hub to its new headquarters.

In a series of nine articles published in 2004, the AJC reported that Atlanta
Public Schools had misspent or mishandled more than $73 million in technology
funds, including $60 million from the E-rate program.

The newspaper found at least $4.5 million of sophisticated computer networking
equipment, purchased with E-rate funds, sitting idle in APS warehouses. APS
officials also could not locate equipment that purchasing records showed to have
been purchased.

The AJC also identified $5 million in spending that was not permitted under
E-rate regulations. APS spent the money on cellular telephone bills, plasma
televisions and wiring at football stadiums.

The district's relationship with E-rate vendors had been questionable since
1998, when it chose its first E-rate vendors without competitive bidding.

Five companies held a lock on the business for four years --- until E-rate
officials cut off funding to Atlanta for failing to bid the work competitively.

Documents reviewed by the AJC found Scott's signature on hundreds of purchase
orders covering millions in expenditures each year.

The Scotts' guilty pleas chronicled serious breaches in APS compliance with
E-rate regulations. The district allowed vendors to bill APS in advance, leading
to overpayments to vendors, according to the government.

School officials directed vendors to apply the overpayments to equipment and
services such as the data center that were not permitted under E-rate
regulations.

The government said APS submitted E-rate funding applications that were based on
generic requests, rather than on specific schools' needs as required by E-rate
guidelines.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: BRANT SANDERLIN / 2004 photoBoxes of documents related to the
E-rate inquiry are stacked at the Atlanta Public SchoolsÕ offices. Unscrupulous
officials and businesses have preyed on the program across the
country./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                             853 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 6, 2014 Thursday

Washington: Former Chesapeake Subcontractor Pleads Guilty to Bribery

LENGTH: 447  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Roderic J. Smith, 50, pleaded guilty today to charges of paying bribes to public
officials.

Dana J. Boente, Acting United States Attorney for the Eastern District of
Virginia, and Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice
Department's Criminal Division, made the announcement after the plea was
accepted by Senior United States District Judge Henry Coke Morgan, Jr.

Smith was charged via criminal information on March 5, 2014, with conspiracy to
bribe public officials. Smith faces a maximum penalty of five years when he is
sentenced on June 23, 2014.

According to a statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, Smith and his
business partner, Dwayne A. Hardman, established a government contracting
corporation in Chesapeake, Virginia, in November 2004, which was to provide
support to the Military Sealift Command (MSC) on various telecommunications
projects. Shortly thereafter, in early 2005, Smith and Hardman agreed to pay
cash bribes to two MSC officials in exchange for the MSC official steering
government contracts to Smith and Hardman's corporation. In exchange for the
contracts being issued to the corporation, Smith and Hardman agreed to pay cash
bribes to the two MSC officials. From March 2005 until 2007, Smith, Hardman, and
others paid the MSC officials a total of approximately $3,000 each month in cash
bribe payments. During this time, Smith and Hardman withdrew approximately
$144,000 in cash, which was then provided to the two MSC officials in exchange
for the MSC officials' assistance in securing MSC contracting and subcontracting
business for their company. Hardman left the company in 2009, and Smith managed
the company as president until he resigned in late 2013.

On February 12, 2014, one of the MSC officials, Kenny Toy, who was the Afloat
Programs Manager for MSC's N6 Command, Control, Communication, and Computer
Systems Directorate, pleaded guilty to accepting bribes in conjunction with this
scheme. On February 18, 2014, Smith's business partner, Dwayne A. Hardman,
pleaded guilty to bribery. On February 19, 2014, Smith's business partner,
Michael P. McPhail, pleaded guilty to conspiracy.

This case was investigated by special agents of the FBI, the Naval Criminal
Investigative Service (NCIS), and the Defense Criminal Investigative Service
(DCIS). Assistant United States Attorney Stephen W. Haynie and Trial Attorney
Emily Rae Woods, of the Public Integrity Section, Criminal Division, Department
of Justice, are prosecuting the case on behalf of the United States.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             854 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             March 14, 2011 Monday

'IS THERE ANY WAY I CAN BRIBE THE JUDGE?' - FAKE-HEIST JEWELER BLABS HIS WAY
BACK TO JAIL

BYLINE: LAURA ITALIANO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 371 words


Two bungling Diamond District jewelers - already awaiting sentencing for hiring
fake robbers dressed as Hasids to stage a $7 million insurance-job robbery - are
back in jail after one of them asked how to bribe the judge.

Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Thomas Farber tossed both jewelers in the Tombs
last week after one asked his bail bondsman, "Is there any way I can bribe the
judge?"

"I was like, 'What are you talking about?' " Luis Onativia of Empire Bail Bonds
testified, recalling his conversation with Mahaveer Kankariya, who, with
co-defendant Atul Shah, had at that point been allowed to remain free pending
sentencing.

"And he tells me, 'Well, if I tell my attorney to tell him,' and I am like -
excuse the language - I said, 'What the f- -k are you talking about?' I am like,
'You know what you are saying?' " Onativia said, according to a transcript.

"And he says, 'No, because in my country [India], you know, we normally do
that,' and I am like, 'Dude, you are f- -king crazy,' and he is like, 'Oh, oh, I
am sorry. Don't take it, you know - I am just asking the question - I don't want
you taking it serious.' "

Kankariya, who court papers say has been in the United States for 26 years, soon
made matters worse, Onativia testified, by asking whether there was a way to
remove his monitoring bracelet.

Onativia promptly returned both defendants from their homes in Bergen County,
NJ, to the jail in lower Manhattan.

Farber ordered them held without bail, but noted that even had he set higher
bail for the two men, "I doubt very much they could find a bonds person - either
one - at this point."

Kankariya, 44, and Shah, 49, will face up to 15 years when sentenced April 29
for the New Year's Eve 2008 hoax heist that played out like one in the Guy
Ritchie movie "Snatch" - right down to the gun-toting thieves in black hats and
bogus beards.

"This is an unfortunate situation in which a clash of cultures between the
United States and India misled Mr. Kankariya, and he is regretful and remorseful
for that," his lawyer, Michael Bachner, told The Post.

Added Shah's lawyer, Benjamin Brafman, "It's unfortunate, but I want to be clear
that Mr. Shah had nothing - absolutely nothing - to do with this."

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -BOGUS: Video shows men dressed as Hasids in a heist staged by
Kankariya and fellow jeweler Atul Shah (above), who is also now in jail. [Steven
Hirsch] -BIG MOUTH: Mahaveer Kankariya had been free while awaiting sentencing
but was locked up after asking a bail bondsman this question. [Steven Hirsch]
-BOGUS: Video shows men dressed as Hasids in a heist staged by Kankariya and
fellow jeweler Atul Shah (above), who is also now in jail. [Steven Hirsch]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             855 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

             February 4, 1995, Saturday, ILLINOIS FIVE STAR Edition

FORMER BROOKLYN POLICE CHIEF; PLEADS GUILTY TO TAKING BRIBES

BYLINE: Charles Bosworth Jr. Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 292 words


The former police chief in Brooklyn took bribes to protect prostitution and
money-laundering linked to some of the town's topless nightclubs, he admitted in
federal court Friday.

Former chief Eugene S. Douglas, 62, pleaded guilty to charges of racketeering
and conspiracy in U.S. District Court in East St. Louis. As the latest of
several people to admit involvement in multi-million-dollar schemes, Douglas
faces up to 40 years in prison and a fine up to $ 500,000 when he is sentenced
by District Judge William D. Stiehl.

U.S. Attorney W. Charles Grace said Douglas admitted taking bribes from the
owners of Roxy's nightclubs to protect their illegal activities. The company
also owns P.T's Showclubs in Cahokia and Centreville.

Grace said Douglas also admitted helping the club owners try to bribe an agent
of the Illinois State Liquor Control Commission to avoid enforcement of liquor
laws and get information about competitors.

As a result of a lengthy investigation by federal and state agents, guilty pleas
already have been filed by two other men and H.L. Enterprises Inc. of Denver.
Harold "Hal" Lowrie, the owner of H.L. Enterprises, died before he could be
tried.

One of Lowrie's aides, Daniel Griffith of Colorado, is awaiting trial.

Prosecutors have charged that Lowrie's company conducted prostitution at massage
parlors near topless clubs and used the clubs to help launder the money from the
illegal activities.

Last month, Stiehl fined H.L. Enterprises more than $ 2 million, $ 1 million of
which will be held in a fund to help the improverished residents of Brooklyn.

He also ordered the company to sell Roxy's and the Red Garter, topless clubs
that drew business to prostitution at a nearby massage parlor.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             856 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            July 26, 2000, Wednesday

CLEANERS LAUNDERED $1M - MORGENTHAU

BYLINE: By LEO STANDORA DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER With News Wire Services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 337 words

Leaders of a roofers union took big-bucks bribes to allow nonunion workers on
jobs at city schools and LaGuardia Airport, District Attorney Robert Morgenthau
said yesterday.

Payoffs to officials of Local 8 of the United Union of Roofers, Waterproofers
and Allied Workers assured labor peace and allowed contractors to save money by
violating union work rules, he said.

The union bigs were among 14 people and eight companies charged with bribery and
money laundering in two Manhattan grand jury indictments unsealed yesterday.

Some of the defendants - members of the so-called Delancey Group - also were
charged with violating New York's anti-racketeering law.

Morgenthau said the union leaders "accepted tens of thousands of dollars in
bribes from the Delancey Group to allow crooked contractors to use nonunion
labor" on jobs at public schools in all five boroughs.

They also pocketed bribes to allow nonunion workers at LaGuardia Airport and at
the Merrill Lynch Teleport on Staten Island, he said.

The bribes were about 10% of a job's cost, which ranged from about $50,000 to
$500,000.

Morgenthau said union roofers got $42 an hour and benefits, and nonunion workers
got $18.50.

Calls to Local 8 for comment were not immediately returned.

Carl Bornstein, vice president of the city's School Construction Authority, said
inspections of the schools and other facilities so far have raised no concerns
about safety.

The Delancey Group allegedly laundered its money at Central Cleaners, a dry
cleaning store in Passaic, N.J., that was owned by Joseph Delancey, a nonunion
contractor. In 1999, the cleaners laundered $1 million, Morgenthau said.

A separate indictment alleges that Anthony Caggiano, owner of a union roofing
and waterproofing contractor, Princeton Restoration Corp., created a phony
supply company to launder money for bribes and cash payrolls.

Enterprise corruption is punishable by up to 25 years in prison, bribery by up
to seven years and fraud by up to four.


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                             857 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    August 01, 1998, Saturday, Final Edition

Lawyer Sentenced for Visa Fraud; Bribery Scheme Involved Over 100 South Korean
Immigrants

Sylvia Moreno, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B08

LENGTH: 643 words


An Annandale lawyer was sentenced to 37 months in federal prison yesterday for
his role in a scheme in which he paid $ 82,100 in bribes to immigration
authorities to approve employment-based visas for dozens of South Korean
workers.

The bribes, paid to top officials of the U.S. Immigration and Naturalization
Service, were videotaped by INS in cooperation with the Justice Department's
Office of Inspector General.

The undercover sting resulted in the arrests and indictments of immigration
lawyer Suk Bin Brian Im and three other people: Lorton factory owner David Key
Lim, a former agent of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms and a New
York City immigration broker. All four have pleaded guilty in U.S. District
Court in Alexandria to various charges of bribery, conspiracy and immigration
fraud.

Im and Lim were sentenced yesterday by U.S. District Court Judge James C.
Cacheris. Former ATF agent Jimee Y. Choi and immigration broker Chul Choi, who
are not related, will be sentenced next month.

Yesterday, Assistant U.S. Attorney Robert A. Spencer described Im, 37, as a
leader in a conspiracy in which Im filed false worker visa applications on
behalf of immigrants who said they were going to work as skilled tailors in
Lim's sportswear factory. However, the workers had no intention of working
there, according to court documents.

In fact, documents indicate, Chul Choi, the immigration broker, paid Lim $
10,000 for each person who claimed Lim's factory as a workplace. In turn, Im
paid INS officials, who posed as corrupt bureaucrats, the $ 82,100 in bribes to
approve the work-based visas. The visas were given to South Koreans who wanted
the permits to work elsewhere. Visas for 35 families, covering 101 immigrants in
all, were processed during the undercover operation.

Court documents also show that Jimee Choi, the former ATF agent, made the
original contact with the INS officials. He helped Im pay the bribes and
provided security for the "visa approval sessions" set up by INS officials
during the undercover operation, according to prosecutors.

Im's attorney, James C. Clark, argued in court that Im should not be considered
a leader in the immigration fraud case because he neither solicited the
immigrants' visa applications nor had control over the factory slots attached to
the visas. "He provided a role; it was simply a role," Clark said. "He was not a
leader in this conspiracy."

But Spencer likened Im's role in the scheme to that of a drug lord.

"All the bribes flowed through him, and all the documents came back to him,"
Spencer said. "A drug lord doesn't know who the street-level users are. Of
course not. He's got middlemen who sell the drugs."

Im, a 1991 graduate of Georgetown University Law School, received $ 260,000 from
the visa applicants during the nine-month sting, according to court records.

Besides the 37 months in federal prison, Im was sentenced to three years of
supervised release.

Im, who has surrendered his license to practice law in Virginia, called the
sentence "fair" and said he took full responsibility for "my greed taking over
and [leading] other people astray also."

Lim, 58, who cooperated with the U.S. attorney's office during the
investigation, was sentenced by Cacheris to six months in a community care
center in the District and three years of supervised release, including six
months of home detention. He also was fined $ 5,000.

INS Washington District Director Warren A. Lewis, whose investigations division
chief, James D. Goldman, led the sting operation that resulted in the fraud
case, said he is pleased with the sentences.

"We vigorously pursue all aspects of immigration fraud and we will use all
available resources to identify those who make a business of circumventing the
legal immigration process by deception," Lewis said.

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                             858 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 September 10, 1989, SUNDAY, THREE STAR Edition

FEDERAL OFFICERS UNDER PRESSURE TO LOOK AWAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 1400 words


PHOENIX, Ariz. - They make them swear an oath to protect the United States.
Then they give them a gun, pay them dirt-cheap wages, send them to the front
lines of the drug war and tell them to stay honest.  But there is evidence that
many federal officers stationed along the Mexican border have not been able to
cope with the pressure to go bad: In Bisbee, Ariz., two Border Patrol agents are
accused of shaking down drug smugglers, confiscating loads of cocaine and
marijuana and then selling the drugs through a dentist.  In Hidalgo, Texas,
three Customs Service inspectors are charged with taking bribes amounting to
thousands of dollars from traffickers. In return, the government claims, the
inspectors looked the other way when thousands of tons of marijuana and cocaine
crossed into the country from Reynosa, Mexico.  In San Ysidro, Calif.,
internal-affairs investigators for the Customs Service find more than $1 million
in the home of an inspector they suspect of taking bribes. That inspector now is
serving a 16-year sentence.  In Los Angeles, three veteran Drug Enforcement
Administration agents are charged with becoming major figures in an
international drug ring. That ring, according to an indictment, was responsible
not only for pouring tons of drugs into Southern California, but was used to
launder untold millions of dollars through Swiss banks.  The pressure comes from
sophisticated smugglers who often spend months staking out their prey, and offer
bribes worth millions.  There is also the pressure from family members asking
agents and inspectors to look the other way. Finally, there is the pressure from
plain frustration with a war seemingly without end. The criminals get rich, and
the officers - if they are honest - may drive a pickup truck and have to use
food stamps.  About a third of the cocaine and a half of the marijuana smuggled
into the United States moves across the 1,980-mile border - and federal officers
who can earn as little as $15,000 a year do most of the hot, dirty and often
dangerous front-line work.  One Border Patrol agent stationed in McAllen, Texas,
was offered $5 million to look the other way when drugs crossed the border, but
he refused. The reward for his honesty was ridicule by friends and relatives. He
eventually was transferred.  Federal salaries have remained so stagnant that
some Border Patrol agents and Customs Service inspectors stationed in
California, where the cost of living is high, sometimes have to apply for food
stamps. FBI agents, once at the top of the police pay scale, are quitting to
become police officers in cities like Los Angeles, where the pay is higher.
Many veteran agents who have spent lifetimes fighting an endless drug war speak
emotionally about friends gone bad or voice their suspicions in the salty
language of the ''border rats,'' as they call themselves, about corruption in
agencies other than their own.  Billy McFarland, the customs chief at the Port
of Hidalgo, Texas, across from the Mexican marijuana-smuggling center of
Reynosa, has seen seven of his 70 inspectors arrested in the past year.  Two of
them, Roberto Sanchez Pena and Enrique Homer Murillo, both 15-year veterans,
were arrested in March and charged with smuggling marijuana and aliens and
taking bribes.  ''There's a pattern they seem to follow,'' McFarland said. ''The
ones who go bad aren't the young ones. The young ones are gung-ho and want to do
a good job.  ''It's the older ones. It's the guys who are having marital
problems and are in debt and who are spending a lot of time in bars. The
traffickers spot them in the bars and, after they get to know them, they offer
them a good deal on a car or something like that, with the hope that they'll
become friends.'' After they strike up friendships, he said, the smugglers
slowly wear down inspectors' defenses.  ''Then the day comes when someone offers
an inspector a bribe to look the other way when a truck or a certain car crosses
the border.'' The biggest pending case along the border involves three Los
Angeles-based agents for the Drug Enforcement Administrat ion: Darnell T.
Garcia, John A.  Jackson and Wayne Countryman. They are facing 36 different
federal counts, including money laundering, distribution of drugs, tax evasion
and misuse of passports.  According to the indictment, the three spent the last
five years working more closely with drug traffickers than with their own
agency. Their moonlighting was so profitable that they had to stash more than $1
million in Swiss banks to keep their supervisors from knowing how wealthy they
had become, according to the indictment.  Customs Service officials in
Washington say they know they have problems along the border and are studying
ways to improve the quality of their inspectors.  One major complaint has been
that the agency traditionally has hired inspectors from border towns, allowing
them to work at ports where they have relatives on both sides of the border.
They are virtually never transferred.  Jose Angel Barron Jr. was one of those
inspectors in San Ysidro until he was arrested two years ago on charges of drug
offenses and taking bribes.  He is serving a 17-year prison sentence at the
Federal Correctional Institution in Pleasanton, Calif.  According to agent
Everett Jackson, the internal-affairs officer who investigated Barron, the
inspector was a respected member of the community until he found himself in
financial trouble. He borrowed $5,000 from a smuggler and was hooked.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             859 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           October 18, 2003, Saturday

BROKER BUSTED IN BRIBE SCHEME

BYLINE: LAURA ITALIANO

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 014

LENGTH: 295 words


Prosecutors say he's the bribin' broker.

James Meiskin, president of Manhattan-based Plymouth Partners, was arrested
yesterday on grand larceny and bribe-taking charges in a crazy scheme that
started last month, after his $10,000 plasma television was stolen from his
Upper East Side apartment.

Prosecutors say Meiskin, 41, who boasts in his company website that he's handled
more than $1 billion in real estate transactions, was not content being a victim
- and quickly turned perp.

Meiskin and his company lawyer, Samuel Gen, allegedly hatched a scheme to hit up
the alleged burglar's family for $100,000, promising that, in return for the
loot, they'd stop cooperating with the authorities and the charges would be
dropped.

The alleged cat-burglar - an acquaintance of Meiskin's from Connecticut, John
Olexa, 34 - was caught leaving Meiskin's apartment at Lexington Avenue and East
65th St. with Meiskin's TV, after neighbors saw a man on the fire escape kick in
the window to Meiskin's apartment and called 911.

Prosecutors allege that days later, Gen - Plymouth Partners' general counsel -
asked the cat-burglar's lawyer for $100,000, saying if he got the money, Meiskin
would help make things go easier for the burglar. But the cat-burglar's lawyer
went to the cops, who brought in an undercover to catch the alleged bribe on
tape.

Yesterday morning, Meiskin himself met with the undercover and promised that in
exchange for the bribe, he would not cooperate with the DA's office, said
Manhattan DA Robert Morgenthau.

Meiskin accepted two bribe checks totaling $75,000 - the undercover had
negotiated the alleged bribe down, Morgenthau said.

Meiskin and Gen face up to seven years prison, and were awaiting arraignment
last night.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2003 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                             860 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 29, 1982, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Maple Contradicts Testimony

BYLINE: By STEVEN CRIST

SECTION: Section B; Page 10, Column 3; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 700 words


Eddie Maple, one of the leading jockeys in New York for the last decade, told a
Federal grand jury in 1979 that the jockey Jacinto Vasquez ''asked me if I would
take some money to hold my horse.'' Yesterday, however, Maple repeatedly
contradicted that testimony, saying Vasquez had never attempted to bribe him.

Key portions of Maple's secret grand jury testimony were disclosed yesterday at
a State Racing and Wagering Board disciplinary hearing.  Vasquez has been
ordered to show cause why his jockey's license should not be revoked for
attempting to bribe Maple. Federal Judge Jack B. Weinstein ruled last week that
the board could use the testimony at the hearing because Maple has since refused
to characterize Vasquez's approach as a bribe offer.

The board's proceedings against Vasquez are the final set of charges stemming
from various Federal and local investigations of at least a dozen fixed races at
New York throughbred tracks between 1973 and 1975.

Vasquez is accused of attempting to bribe Maple to hold back his mount, Sky
Kingdom, from finishing in the money in the ninth race at Saratoga on Aug. 2,
1974. Numerous board and criminal proceedings have established that at least two
other former jockeys - Jose Amy and Ben Feliciano - were bribed to hold their
horses in that race, and that a group of gamblers with ties to organized crime
made at least $91,000 on the fixed race.

Maple also told the grand jury that he did not recall the specific amount of the
attempted bribe but that ''with Jacinto, I can't imagine his going for a low
figure.''

Maple said yesterday under questioning that he did not even know what the phrase
''hold a horse'' meant until Neil Firetog, an assistant United States Attorney,
explained it to him before the grand jury. Maple said he had been ''under
pressure'' and ''fell into a trap'' under Mr. Firetog's questioning. Maple also
said his remark about the amount of the bribe was meant only to reflect that
''Jacinto's a high roller - with his mouth.'' Maple said he did not report
Vasquez's approach as a bribe offer because he regarded it instead as ''a
crack.''

Maple was one of at least 15 prominent jockeys called before the grand jury,
which in March, 1980, returned an indictment for racefixing and racketeering
against Con Errico, the former jockey who was subsequently convicted and
sentenced to 10 years imprisonment.  That sentence later was reduced to five
years because of Mr. Errico's reported poor health.

Maple, who was never indicted, said that Vasquez was ''notorious for jokes,''
even when they concerned the integrity of racing. As an example, Maple recalled
that New York racing officials took up an informal collection last year for
Nathaniel Hyland, a former steward who suffered a stroke, and that Vasquez
facetiously suggested, ''Let's fix a race in his honor.''

John D. Patten, an attorney representing the board, called only one witness
besides Maple to testify against Vasquez. Jack Sexton, the Thoroughbred Racing
Protective Bureau agent in charge of New York tracks at the time of the fixed
races, testified that the Aug. 2, 1974 race was one of several on which a group
of New England gamblers made hundreds of thousands of dollars by eliminating
favorites from their combinations of trifecta tickets, a bet requiring the
selection of the first three finishers in a race. When the favorites, supposedly
ridden by jockeys bribed to hold them back, finished out of the money, the
corrupt gamblers held tickets worth thousands of dollars.

In Vasquez's defense, his attorney, Samuel Dawson, called nine character
witnesses and submitted affidavits from six others. Among those who appeared
yesterday and vouched for Vasquez's honesty and integrity were Alfred G.
Vanderbilt, the horse owner and former chairman of the board of the New York
Racing Association, and Frank Whiteley Jr., David Whiteley and Angel Penna Jr.,
trainers who frequently employ Vasquez.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             861 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                            April 12, 2007 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

ACROSS THE SOUTHEAST

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 311 words


FBI agent testifies against ex-senator

MEMPHIS, TENN. - Former state Sen. John Ford came with his hand out to
undercover FBI agents posing as dishonest businessmen, an FBI agent testified
Wednesday at Mr. Ford's public corruption trial.

Mr. Ford, on trial for bribery and extortion charges, denies taking any bribes.
His lawyer says he was set up by federal agents who had targeted him in a
corruption investigation code-named Tennessee Waltz.

But FBI agent Brian Burns said investigators were looking for any corrupt
lawmakers, not for Mr. Ford in particular.

"He was not a suspect of that investigation," Mr. Burns said.

Mr. Ford, a Memphis Democrat, is one of five current or former state lawmakers
charged with taking bribes from FBI agents posing as representatives of a
company called E-Cycle Management. E-Cycle was a fake company created by the FBI
for the Tennessee Waltz investigation.

Mr. Ford is accused of taking $55,000 in bribes.

Resisting arrest cases rarely taken to court

RALEIGH, N.C. - Tens of thousands of people are charged each year with resisting
arrest in North Carolina, though the misdemeanor is dismissed in almost half of
the cases, according to state records.

The charge of resisting, delaying or obstructing an officer usually carries a
sentence of probation or community service, but experts say it is hard to prove.
Of the 140,000 such charges filed statewide between January 2002 and June 2006,
46 percent were dismissed by prosecutors, according to the state Administrative
Office of the Courts.

Bryan Collins, a public defender in Wake County, said some police officers file
the charge at higher rates than their colleagues.

But retired police officer Donald Penix, the state president of the North
Carolina Fraternal Order of Police, said the charge is a useful tool.

"Some people just don't like authority," he said.

- Edited from wire reports

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SOUTHEAST BRIEFS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                             862 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    The Orange County Register (California)

                           February 1, 2007 Thursday
                                   1 Edition

Man charged with seeking bribes from Irvine business;
The UC Riverside official sought $50,000 to resolve a challenge the general
contractor had, prosecutors say.

BYLINE: BY CINDY CARCAMO AND BRIAN MARTINEZ; THE ORANGE COUNTY REGISTER

SECTION: IRVINECONNECTIONS; Pg. Cover

LENGTH: 214 words


A federal grand jury indictment a man last week on charges of bribery after
prosecutors alleged he solicited money from an Irvine-based general contractor
constructing a psychology building at UC Riverside., the U.S. Attorney's Office
announced.

Federal prosecutors say Riverside resident Theodore Chiu, 53, received a series
of bribes from FTR International Inc. Chiu is an associate director of design
and construction at the university.

FTR and its president cooperated with FBI agents during the investigation,
prosecutors said.

FBI agents arrested Chiu on the campus without incident after they said he met
with the president of FTR.

Prosecutors say that on Oct. 31, Chiu solicited a $50,000 bribe from FTR, which
was having some issues with the project. Chiu proposed that he would resolve
FTR's concerns by writing a change order to the contract if FTR would pay him
the money, prosecutors said. Chiu told FTR's president that he controlled all
aspects of the $27.5 million building project.

During a series of meetings that that ended Wednesday, Chiu allegedly received a
total of $18,000 in bribes from FTR.

Chiu was scheduled to appear at U.S. District Court in Santa Ana last Thursday.
If convicted of the bribery charge, Chiu faces a maximum sentence of 10 years in
federal prison.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2007 The Orange County Register (California)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             863 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 18, 2016 Tuesday

Owner of Education-Services Companies Pleads Guilty to Offering Bribes and
Kickbacks to Chicago Public Schools Chief in Exchange for Contract

LENGTH: 552  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys, Northern District of
Illinois has issued the following news release:



  The owner of two education-services companies admitted in federal court today
that he offered bribes and kickbacks to former Chicago Public Schools chief
BARBARA BYRD-BENNETT in exchange for obtaining a $2.09 million contract to train
principals.





 GARY SOLOMON admitted in a written plea agreement that he offered bribes and
kickbacks to then-CPS chief Byrd-Bennett in exchange for her efforts to steer
the sole-source contract to Solomon's companies, THE SUPES ACADEMY LLC and
SYNESI ASSOCIATES LLC.  Byrd-Bennett had previously worked for the companies,
and her fraudulent arrangement with Solomon called for her to return there as a
consultant upon leaving CPS, according to the plea agreement.  Solomon
maintained a line item within the companies' internal financial statements to
set aside the kickback money, which would be paid to Byrd-Bennett in the form of
a one-time signing bonus on her first day back, the plea agreement states.
Solomon told Byrd-Bennett in an email, "If you only join for the day, you will
be the highest paid person on the planet for that day. Regardless, it will be
paid out on day one."



 In addition to arranging the kickbacks, Solomon also provided Byrd-Bennett with
numerous other benefits, including meals and tickets to sporting events.



 Solomon, 48, of Wilmette, pleaded guilty to one count of honest services wire
fraud.  The conviction carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.



 The Wilmette-based SUPES and Evanston-based Synesi also pleaded guilty today as
corporate defendants to one count of honest services wire fraud.  Each company
faces a maximum fine of $250,000 or twice the gross gain or gross loss resulting
from the offense, whichever is greater.  The government anticipates that the
advisory guideline fine will be in the range of $3.2 million to $6.4 million.



 In addition to potential prison terms and fines, the individual and corporate
defendants also will be ordered to join in a restitution payment to CPS.  The
defendants and the government agree that the total amount of restitution is
$254,000, minus any credit for funds repaid prior to sentencing.



 A sentencing hearing for Solomon, SUPES and Synesi has been scheduled for March
24, 2017, before U.S. District Judge Edmond E. Chang.



 The guilty pleas were announced by Zachary T. Fardon, United States Attorney
for the Northern District of Illinois; Michael J. Anderson, Acting Special
Agent-in-Charge of the Chicago Office of the Federal Bureau of Investigation;
and Nicholas J. Schuler, Inspector General for the Chicago Public Schools.



 All five defendants charged in the case have now been convicted.  Byrd-Bennett,
67, of Solon, Ohio, pleaded guilty last year to one count of honest services
wire fraud, which carries a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison.  THOMAS
VRANAS, a co-owner of SUPES and Synesi, pleaded guilty earlier this year to one
count of conspiracy to commit federal program bribery.  Vranas, 35, of Glenview,
faces up to five years in prison.  A sentencing hearing for Byrd-Bennett and
Vranas has not yet been scheduled.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             864 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   June 25, 1999, Friday, THREE STAR EDITION

EX-CHICAGO POLICE OFFICER FIRED FOR TAKING BRIBE QUITS ILLINOIS DRIVER;
SERVICES POST

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B4

LENGTH: 363 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, ILL.


The new head of a scandal-plagued division of the secretary of state's office
has resigned after officials learned he was fired as a Chicago police officer
for taking a bribe.

Robert Coughlin, director of driver services, gave up his $ 75,000 post
Wednesday.

Coughlin, 49, was fired as a police officer after undercover officers in 1983
witnessed him and his partner taking a bribe from an illegal alien, the Chicago
Tribune reported Thursday.

Coughlin took over May 1 as director of driver services, a division wracked by
federal indictments and convictions involving employees taking bribes for
issuing truck-driving licenses. The bribery took place when now-Gov. George Ryan
was secretary of state, but he has not been implicated.

"It was a situation where he (Coughlin) had very good reviews and the office he
was going to run is under federal investigation," said David Druker, spokesman
for Secretary of State Jesse White. "We were particularly impressed with his law
enforcement background."

No one answered a phone at the address listed as Coughlin's. The division's
chief deputy, Felix Fernandes, 43, is serving as interim director.

Druker said White's inspector general, Don Strom, discovered "discrepancies" on
Coughlin's resume and White's staff asked Coughlin for his resignation
Wednesday. Druker would not elaborate on what problems the office found.

White, who took office in January, intends to continue extensive background
checks on 75 key appointees, Druker said. About 40 have been completed. Each
takes four to six weeks, so officials have relied on recommendations and resumes
in hiring people such as Coughlin to get the office running, Druker said.

"Even though it appears to be after the fact, it's a vindication of the
inspector general process," Druker said.

Druker said the inspector general has suggested background checks on every new
worker in the 4,000-employee office because they routinely deal with personal
information and other sensitive material. Whether the office can afford expanded
background checks is still under study.

Coughlin came highly recommended from Chicago Alderman Michael Wojcik, Druker
said.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             865 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            October 31, 2003, Friday

CLEAN INSPECTOR FLUSHES OUT 16 IN BRIBE CASE

BYLINE: By AUSTIN FENNER and DAVE GOLDINER DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 276 words

Talk about a cesspool.

An honest buildings inspector went undercover to bust 16 plumbing contractors
and builders for paying bribes to skirt city rules, officials said yesterday.

The civil servant allegedly caught crooked contractors on tape more than 100
times, paying a total of $34,000 to cut corners on required inspections of sewer
projects.

"Employees like this inspector would never risk his own career or public safety
for a few extra dollars," said Rose Gill Hearn, commissioner of the
Investigation Department. "They should have known better than to grease the
palms of a city inspector."

For four years, the contractors - 15 from Staten Island and one from Brooklyn -
paid the man bribes ranging from $20 to $1,400 to provide bogus inspection
certificates.

Some of the bad news builders formed an illicit "club" and pooled their payoffs
to the inspector - hoping to get more bang for their bribes, authorities said.

They even had the chutzpah to demand that the inspector, whose name was not
released, not approve plumbing jobs completed by their competitors.

"Work permits, certificates of inspection and the New York City Department of
Buildings are not for sale," said Brooklyn U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf.

Each of the builders was hit with federal bribery and mail fraud charges and
could face 10 years in prison.

The bribes covered new sewer connections, repairs and connections to the city's
water supply system at buildings in all five boroughs, although most were on
Staten Island.

The inspector took the first bribe in October 1999 - then reported it to city
investigators and agreed to go undercover.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                             866 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 31, 1995, Wednesday, Final Edition

Bribe-Taker Gets 3 Years For D.C. Voucher Scheme; Ex-Housing Employee Also Fined
$10,000

Vernon Loeb, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg.  D06

LENGTH: 383 words


A former D.C. public housing employee was sentenced yesterday in U.S. District
Court to more than three years in prison and fined $ 10,000 for selling
subsidized-housing certificates in exchange for $ 500 bribes.

Jennifer Gatling, who made $ 46,723 a year as a housing specialist, sobbed in
court and was consoled by family members after Judge Stanley Sporkin imposed a
sentence of 40 months and the $ 10,000 fine so that Gatling would have to "cough
up" the bribes she solicited.

Before sentencing, Gatling, 42, told Sporkin she was not there to contest the
jury's guilty verdict and was "truly sorry" for what she had done.

Sporkin acknowledged that her case presented him with a "difficult situation. I
think you're a good person, and I think you went astray here."

But the judge said low-income D.C. residents came to believe that they had to
pay bribes to obtain housing vouchers, "and I think that's wrong."

"One of the things particularly important in this case is how do we deter
others," Sporkin said. "I'm sorry again, Miss Gatling, but that's what has to
happen."

During a brief sentencing hearing, Assistant U.S. Attorney Craig Iscoe told
Sporkin that Gatling had "solicited bribes, she accepted bribes and she betrayed
the public."

Iscoe also said that Gatling had been "unjustly enriched" because officials with
the D.C. Department of Public and Assisted Housing allowed her to remain on the
city payroll for an extra month after her Jan. 19 conviction.

After the sentencing, Iscoe said 40 months was "a substantial sentence, but the
offense injured countless people and prevented them from receiving housing."

Gatling's attorney, Shawn Moore, would not comment on the sentence but said
Gatling planned to appeal her conviction. Sporkin denied Moore's request to stay
the sentence until the appeal is decided.

Cheryl D. Walker, the former head of the District's Section 8 housing office,
was convicted with Gatling of conspiring to sell housing vouchers and is
scheduled to be sentenced by Sporkin today.

During the six-week trial, witnesses testified that word was out among
low-income D.C. residents that valuable Section 8 vouchers -- worth hundreds of
dollars a month in rent subsidies -- could be acquired for what was typically a
$ 500 bribe.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1995 The Washington Post


                             867 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                            October 12, 1990, Friday

3 CHARGED IN ATTEMPTED BRIBERY AT MARAD

BYLINE: BRUCE VAIL; Journal of Commerce Staff

SECTION: MARITIME, Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 435 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Three men connected with an Indian ship demolition company were charged in late
September with conspiracy to bribe a U.S. Maritime Administration official.

The three men - two Indian nationals and one U.S. citizen of Indian extraction -
are accused of offering a $ 201,000 bribe for help in procuring a arge American
tanker for demolition overseas.

The U.S. attorney for the Northern District of Virginia has charged Rashmi R.
Kant, vice president of Trident Trading Corp., Arlington, Va., Laxmi Chand,
president of Worldwide Travel Inc., Washington, D.C., and O.M. Prakash Agarwal,
managing director of Hariyana Ship-Breakers Co., Bombay, India.

Mark Hulkower, assistant U.S. attorney, said the FBI had made secret tapes
showing a conspiracy existed to bribe an unnamed Marad official.

Neither Mr. Hulkower nor John Swank of Marad would provide further details of
the alleged conspiracy.

Mr. Kant remained incarcerated this week following a ruling by a U.S. magistrate
that there is a danger he might flee the country, the assistant U.S. attorney
said. Mr. Kant is an Indian national. Mr. Chand, a U.S. citizen, was released on
a $ 100,000 bond.

Mr. Agarwal, also an Indian citizen, was visiting the United States at the time
and is said to have suffered a heart attack at the time of the arrests. He is
currently a patient in a hospital here.

Mr. Hulkower also said federal agents had seized $ 3.2 million in cash and
checks that Mr. Kant and Mr. Chand had intended to use to pay the bribe and
purchase the ship. The vessel in question is reported to be the Stuyvesant, a
13-year-old U.S.-flag crude oil tanker currently in lay-up on the West Coast.

The Stuyvesant is listed in official government records as owned by Wilmington
Trust Co., a Delaware bank, but is now in the custody of Marad, Mr. Swank said.
Government foreclosure proceedings are under way, he said, but Marad has not
officially offered the vessel for sale.

The assistant U.S. attorney would not provide details, but the bribe presumably
was intended to secure Marad permission for the sale of the Stuyvesant to a
non-U.S. company, a procedure required under the Shipping Act of 1916.

Edward McIlvaney, a broker with W.P. Sauer Co., a Tequesta, Fla.-based company
involved in the sale and purchase of ships, said the charges against Mr. Agarwal
have "totally devastated the shipbreaking community in India."

Mr. Agarwal is well-known in international shipbreaking circles, Mr. McIlvaney
said, and is considered an industry leader locally in Bombay. A separate
internal inquiry is under way there, he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                             868 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  December 15, 1989, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

DEFENSE CONSULTANT CONVICTED

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10B

LENGTH: 534 words


WASHINGTON (AP) - Defense consultant Thomas E. Muldoon was convicted Thursday of
charges that he helped a defense firm funnel bribes to a Marine Corps
contracting official in exchange for help getting Pentagon contracts.  Muldoon,
59, was convicted of eight charges by a federal court jury in Alexandria, Va.
The jury acquitted Leonard L. Ingram, a former executive of Whittaker Corp., of
all nine charges that he participated in the bribery scheme.  Jurors deliberated
more than six hours before convicting Muldoon of bribery, conspiracy and
interstate travel in aid of the commission of a felony.  U.S. District Judge
Claude M. Hilton scheduled Muldoon's sentencing for Feb. 16. He could be
sentenced up to 70 years in prison and fined more than $1 million.  Muldoon was
convicted of participating in a scheme to funnel bribes to Jack A. Sherman, a
former Marine Corps civilian contracting supervisor.  The scandal is at the
heart of a multiyear investigation by government agents, who code-named their
operation ''Ill Wind.'' Sherman, who pleaded guilty to other bribery charges,
testified that he had solicited more than $80,000 from Lee Telecommunications,
which was taken over by Whittaker in 1986, in return for helping the company get
electronics contracts.  Sherman testified that he agreed to split payments from
Lee with Muldoon and two other defense consultants.  Muldoon called no witnesses
on his behalf during the trial, which began Monday.  Ingram, 51, a retired
Marine Corps major who now lives in Huntsville, Ala., testified that he opposed
the company's scheme to bribe Sherman. He said he was told by another company
executive, Scott Lamberth, to mind his own business.  Ingram was a stockholder
and vice president of Lee. He became a vice president of Whittaker Command and
Control Systems after the 1986 takeover.  The Whittaker subsidiary pleaded
guilty of participating in the bribery scheme and paid $3.5 million in fines and
penalties. Lamberth and another former executive of Lee-Whittaker, John Franklin
Van Tassel also pleaded guilty guilty.  They both testified at the trial and are
to be sentenced today by Hilton.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo; Photo by Robert LaRouche/Post-Dispatch Show Time Carole Anne
Stevens, a teacher with the Springboard to Learning enrichment program,
adjusting the headpiece of Erica Alexander while Nikki Schuchmann (left) awaits
her inspection by Stevens. The students were participating in the organization's
international Dance Festival on Thursday at the Missouri Botanical Garden.

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             869 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                June 28, 1998, Sunday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Attorney, drug smuggler accused in bribery plot

SECTION: CITY & STATE; BRIEFLY; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 690 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE; PLANT CITY; MIAMI



The convicted drug smuggler whose money got high-profile attorney F. Lee  Bailey
in trouble with a federal judge plotted with another attorney to bribe  the same
judge, a federal indictment alleges.

Tallahassee attorney Penelope Shelfer is scheduled for trial Aug. 17 on  charges
that she and client Claude Louis DuBoc conspired to bribe U.S.  District Judge
Maurice Paul.

DuBoc, facing life in prison for international drug smuggling, directed  Shelfer
to find out if Paul could be persuaded to take a $ 1.5-million bribe,
prosecutors charged in the 24-page indictment unsealed this week.

Shelfer began laundering money for the scheme through a British contact  named
Sidney Walker and provided Walker with "published articles" about Paul  so he
could try to dig up dirt on the judge, the indictment said.

The indictment alleged that DuBoc, Shelfer and Walker were arranging  transfers
of more than $ 1.6-million to and from overseas accounts until last  January.

Unknown to DuBoc and Shelfer, Walker was an undercover agent for the
Metropolitan Police Department in London, and the alleged plot collapsed as  the
two were charged with conspiracy to bribe a public official, conspiracy to
launder money and five counts each of money laundering.

Shelfer declined to comment except to say in a written statement that she  had
"utmost confidence in the judicial system" and that "once all the facts  are
presented, I am sure that I will be exonerated."

Bacteria threat prompts

recall of salmon spread

   PLANT CITY - A smoked salmon spread being sold in Central Florida stores  was
recalled Friday because of a potential health threat, including  miscarriages
and stillbirths among pregnant women.

Indian River Quality Products recalled 6.5-ounce plastic containers of its
Smoked Lite Salmon Spread, with the expiration date of Aug. 13, 1998.

A bacteria called Listeria monocytogenes, which can cause serious and  sometimes
fatal infections in young children, among the frail elderly or those  with
weakened immune systems, was discovered by federal food and drug  officials at
the company's new plant in Plant City.

No illnesses have been reported so far, said Arnold Bond, company  president.

Consumers who have bought Smoked Lite Salmon Spread are urged to return it  to
the place of purchase for a full refund.

The company said in a news release that it had delivered the product to  fewer
than 20 retail stores from Tampa to Daytona Beach. The outlets were not  named.


Student apparently

drowns at band camp

   TALLAHASSEE - A Dallas high school student attending a band camp at Florida
A&M University was found dead in an outdoor pool on campus.

Andrew Sims, 15, was discovered at the bottom of the pool Thursday evening  when
security guards cleared the pool after seeing lightning in the area. He  was
fully clothed, security guard Paul Bradley said.

Efforts by lifeguards and paramedics to resuscitate Sims failed. The  teenager
was pronounced dead about an hour later at Tallahassee Memorial  Hospital.

Sims was among 500 students attending the Marching 100 Band Camp at FAMU,  which
was hosting its annual barbecue and pool party.

Oil barge stranded

near downtown Miami

   MIAMI - A barge carrying 715,000 gallons of oil ran aground in Biscayne Bay
on Friday in view of Miami's downtown high-rises.

U.S. Coast Guard officials said there was no sign that any oil leaked, but  they
were planning to remove the 290-foot barge carefully to prevent any  spill.

"I don't know if there's any reefs in that area or not," said Petty  Officer
Scott Carr, a Coast Guard spokesman. "Let's hope not. Because that  could cut
the hull open."

The barge ran aground three-quarters of a mile north of the Rickenbacker
Causeway during an afternoon downpour, and officials with the Coast Guard's
Marine Safety Office were investigating what caused the stranding. A tugboat
guiding the barge seemed to have lost control in the storm, Carr said.

- Times wire services contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                             870 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                 The Times Leader (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           January 21, 2010 Thursday

The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa., Mark Guydish column: Here's a tip for
lawyer: Bribe isn't a gratuity

BYLINE: Mark Guydish, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 653 words


Jan. 21--So it turns out former Luzerne County Redevelopment Authority Executive
Director Allen Bellas did not take a bribe in exchange for helping a building
contractor get a tax break on a housing development. No indeed, according to his
attorney, Joseph Nocito, Bellas was merely given an after-the-fact "gratuity," a
tip, if you will, an unsought bonus for a job well done, a mere monetary memento
in exchange for performing superbly.

Well, glad that's cleared up! Next case, please.

One can almost hear the explanation from the still-unnamed contractor: "I
thought Mr. Bellas' service was worth more than the customary 15 percent, so I
threw in a little extra. Mind you, it wasn't the best service imaginable. I
mean, I would have liked to be completely tax-free, but, you know, considering
how busy Mr. Bellas was, and how much was on my plate ... . Hey, I'd do the same
for any lackey -- er, waiter and such. I'm just that kind of guy."

Calling this a gratuity instead of a bribe is the kind of spin that would rip
your laundry to shreds in the washer. But it's easy to understand why Nocito
would insist on making such a distinction. After all, "bribe" sounds dirty and
underhanded, with synonyms like "sop" and "payola" and "boodle" and "hush
money." No one wants to be associated with such transactions.

"Gratuity," on the other hand, sounds pleasant, reminiscent of "largesse" and
"bounty." It has the same root, as "gracious": Gratia, Latin for "grace." It's
what you give the bellhop, the valet, or that overworked but always smiling
waitress at your favorite diner.

Mind you, most people who get gratuities are private-sector employees
deliberately put on a low salary because bosses assume they will collect
comfortable recompense through tips that reward great work. Meanwhile, Bellas
was a public employee taking $59,000 a year in taxpayer dollars when the
contractor provided the extra two grand. But why quibble over semantics?

Call a bribe a 'bribe'

Actually, that's exactly what this is, which is why it's so annoying. Did I say
annoying? That's so negative. Let's call it controversial, debatable,
contentious. Wait, I've got it: "buzz-worthy."

Well, if we're going to parse the crime, let's go to Webster's Book o' Parsing:

Gratuity, n.., a gift of money to a waitress, porter, etc. for service or favor;
tip.

Bribe, n., 1) anything, esp. money, given or promised to induce a person to do
something illegal or wrong; 2) anything given or promised to induce a person to
do something against his or her will.

Now, I'm no attorney, though I played one in the Penn State Hazleton production
of Jean Giraudoux's "Ondine" (Second Canonical Judge, if you must know), but one
definition includes "illegal," the other doesn't. If gratuities can land you in
front of a federal judge saying "Guilty, your honor," who will protect all our
restaurant servers, doormen and piano bar players?

True, if you look up "gratuity" in Roget's Thesaurus, "bribe" will come up as
one variation. But then, so will "costliness" and "surplus," leading you to more
than 60 options, including lagniappe, Creole for a small present given to a
customer with a purchase. And wouldn't it be classy if Nocito had said, "It's
not a bribe, it's a lagniappe!"

That's the problem with Roget's. It's so broad, vast, sweeping, all-inclusive,
global and encompassing.

No, this is a case for KISS (Keep It Simple, Stupid). To paraphrase Freud or
whoever actually made the famous cigar comment:

Sometimes a bribe is just a bribe.

To see more of The Times Leader, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.timesleader.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times Leader, Wilkes-Barre,
Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100121-WB-The-Times-Leader-Wilkes-Barre-Pa-Mark-Guydish-column-0121

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WB


                        Copyright 2010 The Times Leader


                             871 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 23, 2002 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Judge Accused Of Taking $18,000 Bribe

BYLINE:  By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1035 words


A State Supreme Court justice was arrested yesterday on charges that he
solicited and took an $18,000 bribe from a lawyer in a civil case in Brooklyn,
the first time in 15 years that a justice of the Supreme Court has been charged
with bribery, officials said.

The authorities on Friday secretly taped the bribe payment to the justice,
Victor I. Barron, in the judge's chambers at 15 Willoughby Street in downtown
Brooklyn, a law enforcement official said.

Justice Barron, 60, was accused of taking the bribe -- $18,000 in cash stuffed
into a business-size envelope -- in exchange for signing a court order in a
civil case, according to the official and a criminal complaint charging him with
accepting a bribe. The court order set out the fees that lawyers in the civil
case were to receive.

The judge, who makes $136,700 a year, halted proceedings in a medical
malpractice trial on Friday in order to take the bribe, which the official said
was a downpayment on a total of more than $100,000.

Investigators from the office of the Brooklyn district attorney, Charles J.
Hynes, which is prosecuting the case, arrested Justice Barron yesterday morning
at his home on East 36th Street in the Marine Park section of Brooklyn, the
authorities said. Later in the day, Mr. Hynes's investigators obtained a warrant
and searched the judge's home. After his arrest, he was suspended from the bench
with pay, and his cases were to be reassigned.

A law enforcement official said yesterday that prosecutors and investigators
from Mr. Hynes's office had begun reviewing all the judge's old cases and would
likely be interviewing some of the lawyers who had appeared before him. "We're
going to look at this guy from top to bottom," the official said.

At his arraignment yesterday evening before Judge Martin G. Karopkin of the
Criminal Court, Justice Barron pleaded not guilty and was released on his own
recognizance. Dressed in a dark double-breasted suit with his wavy hair combed
back across his head, he was escorted from the courtroom by a half-dozen court
officers who stood between him and several reporters who sought to ask him
questions about the charges. His lawyer, Barry Kamins, would not comment on the
case.

Prosecutors expect to file an indictment against Justice Barron as soon as
Friday, an official said. If convicted, the justice could face a sentence
between probation and 15 years in prison for the charge of second-degree bribe
receiving, a felony.

The State Court of Appeals in Albany, New York's highest court, suspended
Justice Barron with pay shortly after the arraignment, said David Bookstaver, a
spokesman for the State Office of Court Administration, which oversees the state
judiciary. "Both the chief judge, Judith S. Kaye, and the chief administrative
judge, Jonathan Lippman, are extremely concerned by these allegations," Mr.
Bookstaver said.

The criminal complaint, sworn out by George Terra, the deputy chief investigator
in Mr. Hynes's office, said that on June 11 at the courthouse on Willoughby
Street, Justice Barron solicited the bribe from the lawyer in a civil case over
which he was presiding. The complaint said the judge had demanded more than
$10,000 in exchange for signing a court order relating to the pending civil
case. While the complaint did not specify the exact sum, an official said it was
about $18,000.

Justice Barron repeated the demand the next day, the complaint said. Then early
this month, Justice Barron telephoned the lawyer and asked him to come see him.
On Jan. 18, the lawyer went to the judge's chambers with a hidden recorder and
paid the judge the bribe while he secretly recorded the encounter, an official
said.

The justice, speaking to the lawyer, said in substance that "the money was worth
it to have the civil matter resolved," according to the complaint. It was
unclear yesterday why six months had elapsed between the time prosecutors said
Justice Barron made his demand on June 11 and his call to the lawyer this month.

The lawyer went to prosecutors in Mr. Hynes's office after the telephone call
and reported the bribe solicitation, the official said. The case was
investigated by prosecutors and investigators in Mr. Hynes's office.

Justice Barron was appointed a countywide civil judge in 1987 and was later
elected as a civil court judge in 1988, a court official said. He became an
acting State Supreme Court justice in November 1997 and was elected to the
Supreme Court the next November, running on both Democratic and Republican
lines. He took the bench as a Supreme Court justice in January 1999 and mostly
heard civil cases.

At the time of his election in 1998, the city Bar Association, which evaluates
judicial candidates, gave him a rating of approved, and the Judicial Screening
Committee of the Brooklyn Women's Bar Association rated him as highly qualified.

As a State Supreme Court justice in the civil term, he heard cases involving
claims of more than $50,000.

In New York, the State Supreme Court is the court of general jurisdiction and
the highest trial court. Its cases are subject to review by an Appellate
Division and the Court of Appeals.

No sitting State Supreme Court justice has been arrested on bribery charges
since Hortense W. Gabel was indicted in 1987 on federal conspiracy and mail
fraud charges and using interstate facilities to violate state bribery laws. She
was acquitted.

Justice Francis X. Smith, who served as the administrative judge in Queens,
where he oversaw 50 state judges hearing cases in three Queens courthouses, was
charged with perjury in 1986 for lying to a grand jury investigating the award
of cable television franchises. He was convicted in 1987 and sentenced to a year
in a city jail.

In 1986 Justice Jerome D. Cohen was indicted on charges that he accepted bribes
in exchange for funneling thousands of dollars from children's trust funds that
he controlled into a Brooklyn credit union. He was acquitted of criminal charges
but was later removed from the bench by the State Commission on Judicial Conduct
and disbarred. Earlier in 1986 Justice William C. Brennan was charged with
taking bribes to fix criminal cases in Queens. He was convicted and served 26
months of a five-year sentence.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Justice Victor I. Barron of State Supreme Court, center, leaving
Civil Court in Brooklyn yesterday evening. (G. Paul Burnett/The New York
Times)(pg. B10)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                             872 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday

Trying to bribe way into U.S. ? Maryland lawyer, 4 clients indicted; immigration
payoffs are alleged

BYLINE: Kristi Tousignant

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 335  words


A Maryland attorney and four of his clients have been indicted for trying to
bribe an immigration official for permanent residence, employment and green card
documents. Kiran Dewan, 59, of Woodbine, handled immigration matters at his
practice, the Law Offices of Dewan and Associates PC in Windsor Mill, according
to an indictment from the U.S. Attorney's Office in Maryland. Three citizens of
Pakistan and one from Nepal allegedly paid Dewan to bribe an undercover agent to
obtain immigration documents that would allow them to live and work in the
United States, according to the indictment, which was unsealed Wednesday.

Dewan then allegedly paid the undercover agent a total of $117,100 to obtain
these documents for his clients. "Immigration attorneys hold positions of public
trust, and it is disturbing that anyone would defraud the very system in which
they work for their own personal profit," William Winter, Immigration and
Customs Enforcement Homeland Security Investigations special agent in charge in
Baltimore, said in a statement. Phone calls to Dewan's law office were not
returned. Pakistan citizens Amjad Israr, 46, of Cheshire, Conn.; Mohammad Khan,
58, of Baltimore; Khazar Nadar, 55, of Catonsville; and Nepal citizen Narayan
Thapa, 51, of Perry Hall, were also indicted Wednesday. All were Dewan's clients
and did not meet employment or permanent residence requirements. After meeting
with the undercover agent, Dewan had his clients sign false immigration
documents he prepared that said they were married to United States citizens, the
indictment alleged. Dewan paid the undercover agent in a number of installments,
once keeping $2,900 as commission on a $36,000 wire transfer. The lawyer and the
four clients each face a maximum of five years in prison for conspiracy and a
maximum of 15 years in prison for each count of bribery.

<a href="http://www.mddailyrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/">Click here for more
from this resource. </a>

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                             873 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                 November 22, 1990, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

MAN PLEADS GUILTY IN REK BRIBERY CASE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5E

LENGTH: 334 words


A Creve Coeur resident pleaded guilty Wednesday to charges that he had schemedto
bribe an Internal Revenue Service agent in an effort to wipe out taxes owed by
REK Industries Inc.  The guilty plea by Stuart Ziglin was the fourth in a
wide-ranging investigation. Ziglin, 47, is scheduled to be sentenced Feb. 15.
Ziglin is an uncle of Scott Kootman, 31, of Chesterfield. Authorities say
Kootman began the bribery effort in September 1988.  Ziglin pleaded guilty of
trying to bribe the IRS agent to alter records to show payment of $189,000. That
amount represents money withheld from employees' paychecks by REK for payment of
their income taxes - money that should have been sent to the IRS.  A court
document filed Wednesday said Ziglin admitted offering the agent $12,500 in
bribes.  Three other defendants pleaded guilty earlier. Those pleas were related
to bribes offered the agent to ''fix'' the taxes owed by one of the defendants -
Howard Bloom of Fort Lauderdale, Fla. - and by Envirocon International Corp., an
asbestos-removal company in Tampa, Fla.  Jeffrey A. Wolfson, a former officer of
REK and a defendant in the case, is awaiting trial. Wolfson, 42, of Chesterfield
took over REK after its founder, Ralph Kaufman, died in January, apparently a
suicide.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             874 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           The Mercury (South Africa)

                             June 04, 2015 Thursday
                                   E1 Edition

US man admits 2010 bribery

BYLINE:  Mercury Reporter and ANA

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


The man who reportedly spent years helping US justice officials find their way
through murky Fifa corruption allegations has admitted in US court documents to
taking bribes to facilitate South Africa's 2010 World Cup bid.

From 1990-2011, Charles Blazer served as general secretary of the Confederation
of North, Central America and Caribbean Association Football (CONCACAF) - the
period of much of his alleged illegal activity.

In a 40-page court record released last night, Blazer said in his testimony:

"Beginning in, or around, 2004 and continuing to 2011, I and others on the Fifa
executive committee agreed to accept bribes in conjunction with the selection of
South Africa as the host nation for the 2010 World Cup."

He was pleading in sealed proceedings in Brooklyn, New York, before Judge
Raymond J Dearie, and appearing for the State was US Attorney Loretta Lynch on
November 25, 2013.

The court at the time expressed surprise that the gallery was empty of the
public.

The judge said it was unusual that the government had asked for the proceedings
to be closed, and pointed out that the courts did not often grant such motions.

"Both the nature of the investigation, the identity of the defendent himself and
the surrounding circumstances given the breathe (sic) of the investigation make
it clear to me that any public release of the investigation at this time would,
as I say, irreparably damage that investigation, and the effectiveness of any
prosecution thereafter to follow."

Judge Dearie ruled that the prejudice to the public "significantly outweighs the
First Amendment rights of the public and the media".

Blazer in the document also admitted to taking bribes in 1992 towards fixing of
the 1998 World Cup. It does not detail who he took bribes from, but France ended
up hosting the tournament.

Blazer told the court that one of his responsibilities as a Fifa executive
member was participating in the selection of host countries for the World Cup.

"During my association with Fifa and Concacaf, among other things, I and others
agreed that I, or a co-conspirator, would commit at least two acts of
racketeering activity," he said, before admitting to bribes for the 1998 and
2010 World Cups.

On another count he says: "Between April of 2004 and May 2011, I and others who
were fiduciaries to both Fifa and Concacaf, in contravention of our duties...
while acting in our official capacities, agreed to participate in a scheme to
defraud Fifa and Concacaf of the right to honest services by taking undisclosed
bribes."

They used telephone, e-mail and wire transfers. Funds procured from improper
payments passed through JFK Airport in the form of a cheque.

"In and around 1993 and continuing through the early 2000s I and others agreed
to accept bribes and kick-backs in conjunction with the broadcast and other
rights to the '96, '98, 2000, 2002 and 2003 Gold Cups."

Blazer received a $1.9 million fine. He is reportedly in ill health.There are
three sections of the proceedings which had been blacked out, which means that
more detail could be released about the alleged corruption.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NM


                Copyright 2015 Independent Newspapers Pty (Ltd)
                              All Rights Reserved


                             875 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      March 8, 1991, Friday, Final Edition

U.S. Indicts 6 Lorton Employees In Drug Smuggling, Theft Probe;
Arrests Are Latest in 2-Year Investigation at D.C.-Run Facility

Robert F. Howe, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; PAGE C3

LENGTH: 554 words


Six Lorton Correctional Complex employees were arrested early yesterday on
charges of conspiring to smuggle small amounts of cocaine and marijuana to
inmates and stealing prison property that they then allegedly sold to an FBI
agent posing as an inmate's relative.

Law enforcement officials said the stolen items included "executive-style"
furniture from the Pentagon and other government offices that had been sent for
refurbishing to the furniture repair section of Lorton's vocational training
facility.

The six employees were named along with two inmates and one former inmate in
four indictments that were unsealed yesterday in U.S. District Court in
Alexandria. The charges are part of a continuing investigation into corruption
and drug abuse at Lorton and follow six similar indictments handed up last
summer that led to convictions of seven employees at the District-run facility
in southern Fairfax County.

U.S. Attorney Henry E. Hudson said yesterday that a two-year task force of local
and federal law enforcement agencies has made an appreciable dent in the
correctional facility's crime problem.

"This is another incremental step in our attempt to try to clean up the Lorton
reformatory -- to identify corruption, to identify irregularities, and I think
in the end make it safer in the surrounding community as well as for the inmates
in residence," Hudson said at a news conference in his Alexandria office.

Walter B. Ridley, director of the District Department of Corrections, said that
"we have the situation under control" at Lorton and that his staff would not
tolerate drug abuse or corruption.

The six Lorton employees arrested at their homes early yesterday were Curtis
Gore, 31, a guard from the District; Sherman McGilberry, 40, a guard from Oxon
Hill; Linton Coles, 45, a vocational teacher from Silver Spring; Stanley
Sherman, 45, a maintenance foreman from Fredericksburg; Otis Fines, 34, a
construction foreman from Fredericksburg; and Edward Owens, 37, a furniture
repair foreman from Glenarden.

Inmates James Green, 28, and Jeffrey Frances, 34, also were arrested, as was
former inmate Maurice T. Green, no age or address given.

Court documents filed yesterday allege that several of the Lorton employees
accepted bribes of $ 50 to $ 650 to smuggle small amounts of cocaine and
marijuana to an inmate who had agreed to work with the FBI. The defendants
accepted the bribes and the drugs from an undercover FBI agent who met them at
various shopping centers or convenience stores in Northern Virginia, according
to the indictments.

"The amount of money received in bribes may not seem significant, but whether it
be a $ 50 bribe or $ 50,000 bribe, this is money that's being paid to
individuals to compromise the trust that we have placed in them," Hudson said.

The scheme involving the theft of Lorton property also was infiltrated by an FBI
agent, who bribed Lorton employees to let him drive trucks in and out of the
furniture repair facility without conducting routine security checks, according
to the indictments.

Gore also is alleged to have sold more than 30 boxes of stolen goods --
including toothpaste, clothes and radios -- for almost $ 1,300, court papers
show. Gore's buyer was an undercover agent posing as an inmate's cousin, law
enforcement officials said.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, FBI AGENTS ESCORT INDICTED WORKERS INTO U.S. MAGISTRATE'S OFFICE
IN ALEXANDRIA. LARRY MORRIS

TYPE: VIRGINIA NEWS

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                             876 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  October 26, 1990, FRIDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

REPUBLICAN QUITS RACE BECAUSE OF ALLEGATIONS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 1654 words


Jon Grunseth, the Minnesota Republican gubernatorial challenger in trouble over
reports that he swam nude with teen-age girls in 1981, has decided to drop out
of the race, a source said Thursday in St. Paul.  Grunseth had been running
close to Democratic incumbent Rudy Perpich before Oct. 15, when two women
charged in sworn statements that Grunseth encouraged them to join him in a nude
swim in 1981, when they were 13 and 14.  Grunseth, 44, denied the allegation but
has been under increasing pressure from his party to quit the race. The source
said Grunseth would throw his support to Cal Ludeman, a Tracy farmer and former
state legislator who was the Republican candidate for governor in 1986.  SOURCE:
AP FLORIDA HEADLINE: Man Dies From Injuries During Turbulent Flight An
84-year-old man died of injuries from a turbulent flight aboard a commercial
jetliner, authorities said Thursday.  Philip Romerstein of West Palm Beach died
on Tuesday ''as a result of trauma suffered during the turbulence'' Oct. 3, said
Wayne Arbaczawski, chief investigator for the Palm Beach County medical
examiner's office.  Romerstein had just left his seat to go to lavatory on
Eastern Airlines Flight 791 when the turbulence hit, said airlines spokeswoman
Karen Ceremsak.  Thirteen people required medical assistance.  SOURCE: AP
WASHINGTON HEADLINE: Regulators To Close 192 Failed Thrifts Federal regulators
approved a plan Thursday to sell or close about 192 failed savings and loan
institutions in the next six months. The proposal, which involves assets of $119
billion, is part of an operating plan for the Resolution Trust Corporation,
which was set up to oversee the bailout of the thrift industry.  The plan would
bring to about 479 the total number of thrifts whose financial problems have
been resolved by liquidation or other actions since Aug. 9, 1989, said RTC
officials.  The plan is subject to the congressional appropriations process and
cannot be completed unless it receives full financing.  SOURCE: AP SOUTH
CAROLINA HEADLINE: Legislator Convicted Of Accepting Bribes A jury in Columbia
convicted a state lawmaker Thursday of selling his vote for pari-mutuel betting
for $4,300, ending the first trial from an FBI undercover sting called
''Operation Lost Trust.'' The sting so far has resulted in indictments charging
10 legislators with bribery. Four have resigned their seats and pleaded guilty.
One pleaded guilty to drug charges earlier this month, as did a lobbyist.  The
U.S. District Court jury convicted State Rep. Luther Taylor, 40, a Democrat from
Columbia, on all six counts of violating the Hobbs Act, a federal anti-bribery
law. An indictment said Taylor had taken five bribes and had conspired to
solicit those bribes in exchange for his support of the betting bill.  SOURCE:
AP Puerto Rico HEADLINE: House Passes Measure To Eliminate English Puerto Rico's
House of Representatives voted solidly Wednesday night for a ''Spanish only''
bill that would eliminate English as an official language in this U.S.
commonwealth. The bill now goes to the Senate, where its fate is uncertain.  The
bill's sponsor, Rep. Hector Lopez of the ruling Popular Democratic Party, said
the measure ''adjusts the law to reality. This is not a bilingual society. It is
a monolingual society.'' SOURCE: Reuters WORLD SUDAN HEADLINE: 11 Million Face
Starvation Threat Starvation threatens as many as 11 million Sudanese, but their
government is blocking international food deliveries, U.S. relief officials said
Thursday.  Sudan's military government has refused to recognize the danger and
has derailed relief efforts that would save many from starving, administration
officials told the House Foreign Affairs subcommittee on Africa.  oa ''If the
actual level of need is as high as some people fear, and the donor community is
not allowed to respond, we are looking at an apocalyptic situation worse than in
Ethiopia in 1984,'' said Andrew Natsios, director of the Office of Foreign
Disaster Assistance.  About 250,000 Ethiopians died of hunger in the famine of
1984.  SOURCE: AP COLOMBIA HEADLINE: Nine Killed, Mutilated; Police Cite Revenge
Assailants armed with guns and machetes killed nine people - decapitating three
of them - in an attack in northern Colombia early Thursday, police said.  The
attack took place at 2 a.m. near the village of Tierralta, some 250 miles
northwest of the capital, Bogota, said Lt. Col. Felix Gallardo, police chief for
the northern province of Cordoba. The victims included three children, he said.
Armed right-wing groups, often controlled by drug traffickers, have been
responsible for many massacres in Cordoba. The attacks have been largely aimed
at left-wingers or their suspected sympathizers. But Gallardo said he believed
the motive for the attack was ''revenge between criminals.'' SOURCE: Reuters
IRELAND HEADLINE: Police Question Eight Held In 2 IRA Bombings Irish police
questioned eight men held after attacks in Northern Ireland on Wednesday killed
six British soldiers and a civilian who had been forced to drive a car full of
explosives to acheckpoint.  The eight were arrested in the border county of
Donegal under Ireland's anti-terrorist laws. They include leading republicans
from Londonderry, scene of the bloodiest blast in the Irish Republican Army's
three-pronged attack.  They were picked up just hours after the synchronized
attacks, which inflicted the heaviest toll on the British Army in Northern
Ireland in two years.  SOURCE: Reuters (The following text ran in the 3* edition
only) Ugamda HEADLINE: Ex-Official Released After 3 Years In Jail A former
Ugandan vice president detained for more than three years on various charges was
freed Thursday for lack of evidence.  Paul Muwanga's freedom came after
prosecutor Mark Kabega told a Kampala court that the state had no evidence to
support charges of kidnapping with intent to murder, but that the probe would
continue.  Muwanga, 69, was accused of committing the offense in 1981.  SOURCE:
AP

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             877 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                          February 12, 2014 Wednesday

Ex-New Orleans mayor convicted of taking bribes post-Katrina

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 545 words


NEW ORLEANS (AP) -- Former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin was convicted Wednesday
on charges that he accepted bribes, free trips and other gratuities from
contractors in exchange for helping them secure millions of dollars in city work
while he was in office, including right after Hurricane Katrina.

The federal jury found Nagin guilty of 20 of 21 counts against him. He sat
quietly at the defense table after the verdict was read and his wife, Seletha,
was being consoled in the front row.

Before the verdict, the 57-year-old Ray Nagin said outside the New Orleans
courtroom: "I've been at peace with this for a long time. I'm good."

The Democrat, who left office in 2010 after eight years, was indicted in January
2013 on charges he accepted hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes and
truckloads of free granite for his family business in exchange for promoting the
interests of local businessman Frank Fradella.

He also was charged with accepting thousands of dollars in in payoffs from
another businessman, Rodney Williams, for his help in securing city contracts.

Nagin is best remembered for his impassioned pleas for help after levees broke
during Hurricane Katrina, flooding much of New Orleans and plunging the city
into chaos.

Nagin testified that key witnesses lied and prosecutors misinterpreted evidence
including emails, checks and pages from his appointment calendar linking him to
businessmen who said they bribed him.

The defense repeatedly said prosecutors overstated Nagin's authority to approve
contracts. His lawyer said there is no proof money and material given to the
granite business owned by Nagin and his sons was tied to city business.

The charges against Nagin included one overarching conspiracy count along with
six counts of bribery, nine counts of wire fraud, one count of money laundering
conspiracy and four counts of filing false tax returns. He was acquitted of one
of the bribery counts.

Each charges carries a sentence from 3 to 20 years, but how long he would serve
was unclear and will depend on a pre-sentence investigation and various
sentencing guidelines. No sentencing date was set.

Prosecutors say he took hundreds of thousands of dollars' worth of bribes
including money, free travel and granite for Stone Age LLC, a family granite
business.

They allege the corruption spanned the time before and after Hurricane Katrina
struck in August 2005.

The charges resulted from a City Hall corruption investigation that had resulted
in several convictions or guilty pleas by former Nagin associates by the time
trial started on Jan. 27.

Fradella and Williams, both awaiting sentencing for their roles in separate
bribery schemes alleged in the case, each testified that they bribed Nagin.

Nagin's former technology chief, Greg Meffert, who also is awaiting sentencing
after a plea deal, told jurors he helped another businessman, Mark St. Pierre,
bribe Nagin with lavish vacation trips. St. Pierre did not testify. He was
convicted in the case in 2011.

Nagin said he did not to know his vacation trips to Jamaica and Hawaii were paid
for by St. Pierre. He also said he wasn't told that a family trip to New York
was paid for by a movie theater owner who, prosecutors said, received help with
a city tax issue after Katrina wiped out the theater.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former New Orleans Mayor Ray Nagin walks to federal court in New
Orleans Wednesday, Feb. 12, 2014. A federal jury has convicted Nagin on charges
that he accepted bribes, free trips and other gratuities from contractors in
exchange for helping them secure millions of dollars in city work while he was
in office. Nagin was indicted in January 2013 on charges he accepted hundreds of
thousands of dollars in bribes and truckloads of free granite for his family
business in exchange for promoting the interests of a local businessman. (AP
Photo/The Times-Picayune, G. Andrew Boyd) MAGS OUT; NO SALES; USA TODAY OUT; THE
BATON ROUGE ADVOCATE OUT

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             878 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            June 29, 2011 Wednesday

Jury convicts ex-governor for corruption;
Blagojevich found guilty of trying to personally benefit from official acts

BYLINE: BY MONICA DAVEY AND EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 957 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO

ABSTRACT

A jury found Rod R. Blagojevich guilty of 17 counts of wire fraud, attempted
extortion, soliciting bribes, conspiracy to commit extortion and conspiracy to
solicit and accept bribes.

FULL TEXT

A jury convicted Rod R. Blagojevich, the former governor of Illinois, of a broad
pattern of corruption, including charges that he had tried to personally benefit
from his role in selecting a replacement for President Barack Obama in the U.S.
Senate.

Mr. Blagojevich, a Democrat who former aides said had once envisioned himself as
a future presidential contender, was found guilty Monday of most of the 20
counts against him under U.S. law: 17 counts of wire fraud, attempted extortion,
soliciting bribes, conspiracy to commit extortion and conspiracy to solicit and
accept bribes.

As the verdicts were read aloud in court, one ''guilty'' following another, Mr.
Blagojevich, who has always proclaimed his innocence, turned to look at his
wife, Patti, in the front row. By then, she was already slumped in the arms of a
relative, eyes closed, wiping away tears.

The verdict appeared to be the conclusion, at last, to the spectacle of Mr.
Blagojevich's political career, which began its spiraling descent shortly after
Mr. Obama was elected president in November 2008. A month after Election Day,
Mr. Blagojevich, who was in his second term as governor and under state law was
required to name a senator to replace Mr. Obama, was arrested, and U.S. agents
revealed that they had secretly recorded hundreds of hours of damaging phone
calls by him and his advisers.

Mr. Blagojevich, a lawyer and former state and U.S. lawmaker, was accused of
trying to secure campaign contributions, a cabinet post or a high-paying job in
exchange for his official acts as governor - whether picking a senator,
supporting particular legislation or deciding how to spend state money. Mr.
Blagojevich was acquitted on one charge of bribery, and the jury deadlocked on
two counts of attempted extortion, but convictions came on the bulk of the
counts and on those related to the Senate seat - the claims that had drawn
international headlines.

The outcome was a victory for U.S. government prosecutors, whose earlier trial
had resulted in a deadlocked jury on most counts and had led people to wonder
whether Mr. Blagojevich's behavior would ultimately be deemed just crass
political deal-making or a lot of wishful, blustery talk.

Issuing their verdicts on the 10th day of deliberations, jurors said the
accusations related to selling the Senate seat had been the clearest and easiest
to resolve, in part because of the audio recordings of Mr. Blagojevich's
telephone calls. In the end, the jurors - 11 women and 1 man, all of whom
declined to provide their names to reporters - said they believed they had sent
a loud signal to corrupt Illinois politicians, past and future.

''There's a lot of bargaining that goes on behind the scenes - we do that in our
everyday lives, in business and everything,'' said the jury forewoman, a retired
church employee from the Chicago suburbs. ''But I think in the instances when it
is someone representing the people, it crosses the line. And I think we sent a
pretty clear message on that.''

She had her own conclusion about the unseemly world she had seen close-up
through about six weeks of testimony: ''I told my husband that if he was running
for politics, he would probably have to find a new wife.''

For Democrats here, in a state government they control almost entirely, the
final chapter could not come soon enough. By turns, Illinois residents had been
mortified by the saga, amused by its circuslike antics and, most recently, weary
of the whole thing.

Mr. Blagojevich's impeachment, removal from office and evolution into a punch
line on late-night television threatened the Democratic Party's hold on the
state, created an outcry to overhaul lax state campaign finance and public
records laws, and led to added scrutiny of some of this city's best-known
politicians, including Mr. Obama, Rahm Emanuel (the president's former chief of
staff and now Chicago's mayor) and Representative Jesse L. Jackson Jr.

The scandal also reaffirmed an image that Illinois had long wished to shed: Mr.
Blagojevich appears likely to be the fourth governor since the 1970s to be
imprisoned (one for acts committed after leaving office).

Mr. Blagojevich, 54, the father of two girls, was released until sentencing. His
lawyers have until next month to pursue a new trial. The most serious of the
counts carry penalties of as much as 20 years in prison.

After Mr. Blagojevich's first trial last year, jurors said the case had been too
tangled and confusing, and it was clear that prosecutors had taken that message
to heart. In the retrial, which began in April, prosecutors offered fewer,
simpler charges, a notably boiled-down message and an emphasis on the thought
that Mr. Blagojevich did not need to have actually completed any deals to be
found guilty of crimes for proposing them.

For his part at the trial, Mr. Blagojevich did what Mr. Blagojevich likes to do:
talk. After offering no defense testimony at all in his first trial, this time
he testified before jurors for seven days, proclaiming his innocence and
portraying his taped conversations about matters like whom he might appoint to
the Senate as merely brainstorming, not some sinister plot.

As Mr. Blagojevich departed the courthouse Monday, he spoke only briefly. Gone
was the news conference fanfare.

''Among the many lessons that I've learned from this whole experience is to try
to speak a little bit less,'' Mr. Blagojevich said, soon adding, ''I, frankly,
am stunned. There is not much left to say other than we want to get home to our
little girls and explain things to them.''

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                             879 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 5, 2009 Friday

BRIBE CROOK NAILED IN $92M REALTY MEGA-CON

BYLINE: Kati Cornell

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 159 words


A jailed financier who laundered bribes for a California congressman was hit
with new charges for allegedly orchestrating a $92 million mortgage fraud in New
York.

An indictment unsealed yesterday in Brooklyn federal court charges Thomas
Kontogiannis, 60, and eight alleged cohorts with bank fraud and money-laundering
conspiracy for ripping off Washington Mutual Bank and DLJ Mortgage Capital, a
unit of Credit Suisse.

In what Assistant US Attorney Jonathan Green called "one of the biggest
mortgage-fraud cases ever uncovered," Kontogiannis purchased land in East New
York, Brooklyn, and College Point, Queens, from 2001 to 2003, then allegedly
recruited straw buyers to take out loans on the properties.

The banks were left holding the bag on a $92 million balance when mortgage
payments stopped in 2007. The same year, Kontogiannis pleaded guilty to
laundering bribe money for former Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham, a San Diego
Republican.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             880 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             June 29, 1993 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

EX-POLICE CAPTAIN PLEADS NOT GUILTY IN DRUG-BRIBE CASE

BYLINE: By JOHN FERNANDEZ, Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 338 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


A former West Palm Beach police captain pleaded not guilty Monday to

charges he accepted $73,000 in bribes from a drug trafficking family.

Timothy Wagman, 42, who retired from the West Palm Beach Police Department in
February, will remain free on a $250,000 bond co-signed by his wife, father and
mother-in-law, ordered U.S. Magistrate Linnea Johnson.

Federal prosecutors allege that Wagman used his position as vice squad

commander to collect cash bribes and expensive gifts from a trio of drug

informants. Wagman is charged with racketeering, money laundering conspiracy,
embezzling police property and income tax evasion.

Dressed casually in a white shirt, Wagman said little during his

arraignment. Prosecutor Barbara Ward and defense attorney Anthony Natale

agreed that Wagman should turn over to authorities any firearms he owns. Under
his bond status, Wagman also has to telephone court personnel once a week and
not travel outside of South Florida, except when given permission by a judge.
The magistrate said Wagman may travel to his 25th high school reunion next

month in Pennsylvania.

According to a federal indictment returned last week, Wagman's crimes

began soon after he recruited Luis Garcia and his sons, Manuel and Rafael, as
informants after the three were charged with cocaine trafficking in 1988. All
three are now in prison on drug convictions. The two sons have cooperated in

the case, according to sources and court records.

The indictment does not detail what services Wagman allegedly performed in
return for the bribes. But it gives the amounts of the alleged transactions.

At various times, Wagman took $15,000, $7,000, $3,000 and $5,000 to protect

the Garcias from police departments in West Palm Beach, Jupiter, Lake Worth

and the Palm Beach County Sheriff's Office, the indictment said.

In June 1988, Wagman traveled to Las Vegas to launder $100,000 in drug

proceeds for the Garcia family, the indictment said.

If convicted on all counts, Wagman faces a maximum sentence of 52 years in
prison and a $1.4 million fine.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             881 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                             August 9, 2005 Tuesday

U.N. HONCHO GUILTY IN $1M GREASE JOB

BYLINE: LUKAS I. ALPERT

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 476 words


In a bombshell development in the oil-for-food scandal, a U.N. official who
doled out lucrative contracts pleaded guilty yesterday to soliciting a $1
million bribe.

The surprise plea by Alexander Yakovlev - the first U.N. big shot to be charged
- came following the waiving of his diplomatic immunity by U.N.
Secretary-General Kofi Annan.

Annan stripped Yakovlev's immunity after the release of a damning report by the
Independent Inquiry Committee, headed by Paul Volcker, which is looking at
massive corruption in the program.

Yakovlev, 52, who had been involved in disbursing U.N. contracts dating back to
1993, pleaded guilty in Manhattan federal court to conspiracy, wire fraud and
money-laundering charges.

The Russian native faces up to 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine, U.S.
Attorney David Kelley said.

"We decided that it's in the best interest of the client to enter such a plea,"
said Yakovlev's lawyer, Arkady Bukh. "In terms of sentencing, we expect a much
better deal if we enter a guilty plea."

Yakovlev emerged earlier in the day as a key figure in the corruption probe,
when Volcker released his third report. It detailing how Yakovlev had been wired
$950,000 in bribes, sent to an offshore account in Antigua, since 2000.

Those bribes, which were not connected to the oil-for-food program, came from
companies that had won $79 million in U.N. contracts.

That evidence emerged as investigators probed a 1996 contract bid where Yakovlev
pressured a Swiss company into ponying up a bribe for an oil-monitoring contract
that was directly tied to the program.

That bribe appears never to have been paid, officials said.

Volcker also said investigators are taking another look at a 1998 oil contract
awarded under Yakovlev's watch to Cotecna - a company for which Annan's son,
Kojo, worked.

Yakovlev resigned from the United Nations in mid-June, following a report that
he had helped his own son get a job with a firm that once did business with the
world body.

Before the report was released, most observers anticipated the most interesting
information would be on former U.N. oil-for-food chief Benon Sevan. Much of the
report focused on how Sevan, who resigned from the United Nations Sunday,
allegedly took more than $147,000 in kickbacks from an oil company that received
a contract under the $64 billion program.

The committee also recommended Annan lift Sevan's immunity, but a U.N. spokesman
said only that the world body was cooperating with authorities in Sevan's case.

---

Slippery slopes

Key developments in the scandal:

* U.N. official Alexander Yakovlev (left) pleads guilty to soliciting a bribe
after U.N. immunity is waived.

* Report says ex-U.N. honcho Benon Sevan (right) took $147,000 in bribes to
steer oil contract.

* New probe of Cotecna, company for which Secretary-General Kofi Annan's son
worked.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Benon Sevan  [AP] -Alexander Yakovlev  [Fox News Channel] -Benon Sevan
[AP]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             882 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 10, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Bridgeport Mayor's Associate Testifies to Passing On Bribes

BYLINE:  By PAUL von ZIELBAUER

SECTION: Section B; Column 5; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 542 words

DATELINE: NEW HAVEN, Jan. 9


The second day in the federal corruption trial of Joseph P. Ganim, the mayor of
Bridgeport, ended today with testimony from a former Ganim associate who said he
had passed bribes to the mayor on behalf of large developers and contractors.

The associate, Leonard J. Grimaldi, 44, once among Mr. Ganim's closest friends
and his campaign manager for a decade, told jurors that he had paid Mr. Ganim
hundreds of thousands of dollars collected as "consulting fees" from local
businessmen.

In June 2001, Mr. Grimaldi pleaded guilty to federal racketeering and tax fraud
charges for his role in a scheme that prosecutors said was orchestrated by Mr.
Ganim to defraud Bridgeport and shake down companies eager to do business with
it.

In 1999, Mr. Grimaldi said during his plea, he passed on about $156,000 in
bribes intended for Mr. Ganim, who is facing 24 counts of racketeering,
conspiracy and bribery in his trial, being held in Federal District Court here.
Mr. Ganim is accused of taking nearly $500,000 in bribes from 1995 to 2000.

"I had a relationship with Joe Ganim in which I agreed to pay him cash and
benefits in exchange for consideration for my clients," said Mr. Grimaldi, who
is still awaiting sentencing for his crimes. "I deducted kickback payments to
Paul Pinto and Joe Ganim that were not legitimate deductions."

Mr. Pinto, who also pleaded guilty to similar bribery charges and mail fraud in
2001, was also a confidant of Mr. Ganim's in the late 1990's. On Wednesday, an
F.B.I. agent called as a witness by prosecutors described Mr. Pinto as a bagman
who picked up bribes and distributed portions of them to Mr. Ganim.

Questioned by Michael R. Sklaire, an assistant United States attorney, Mr.
Grimaldi, a public relations consultant and former journalist, described how he
met Mr. Ganim in 1989, when the five-term mayor was first campaigning for
office.

"We developed a good friendship, a close friendship," Mr. Grimaldi said. He said
Mr. Ganim introduced him to Donald Trump in 1994 after Mr. Trump invited the
mayor to New York City to discuss building a casino in Bridgeport.

Toward the end of 1994, Mr. Trump offered Mr. Grimaldi a job keeping close tabs
on the casino issue in Bridgeport, offering him $3,000 to $4,000 a month to
"gain access for him with Joe Ganim," Mr. Grimaldi testified.

When Mr. Grimaldi told Mr. Ganim that Mr. Trump was paying him that monthly sum,
"Joe laughed and said, 'Donald Trump is not paying you because you're a good
public relations guy, he's paying you because of your relationship with me,' "
Mr. Grimaldi told jurors. The casino was never built.

Eleven companies or individuals, including Mr. Grimaldi, Mr. Pinto and Patrick
O. Coyne, Mr. Ganim's former chief of staff, have pleaded guilty to corruption,
tax or mail fraud charges for what they have described as a kickback scheme run
by Mr. Ganim.

Mr. Grimaldi is scheduled to be cross-examined by the defense on Friday. Defense
lawyers are certain to attack his credibility -- he is a confessed extortionist
and tax cheat -- and point out to jurors that his cooperation with the
government could trim a few years off any prison term that Judge Janet Bond
Arterton of Federal District Court, also presiding over the Ganim trial, orders
for him.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                             883 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 6, 2015 Sunday

BY HOOK OR BY CROOK Want to really root out Albany corruption? Don't just go
after the legislators - go after the ones who bribe them

BYLINE: BOB McMANUS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 797 words


The wheels of justice ground former New York Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver
down to a nub last week - a happy ending to a sordid tale, yet somehow not fully
satisfying.

After all, if taking a bribe is a crime, shouldn't making a bribe be one, too?

Look at it this way: When cops bust hookers but let the johns walk, where's the
justice? And what's the point? The customers will always return, and the supply
of prostitutes is endless.

US Attorney Preet Bharara did an admirable job of taking down the Lower East
Side's favorite son: The former speaker, accused in federal court with taking
more than $4 million in illegal payments, was guilty as charged, the jury
declared with scant hesitation.

So much for the hooker. What of the johns?

Silver didn't stuff his wallet at gunpoint, after all. The feds alleged that he
had been hired by the tort-law firm of Weitz & Luxenberg to make rain - that is,
to apply the power of his office to steer big-bucks asbestos-litigation business
to the firm.

Silver also milked his ties to a pair of real-estate developers - Glenwood
Management and Steve Witkoff - who sent tax business to a law firm - Goldberg &
Lyman - that then split fees with the former speaker, who in turn moved
legislation favored by Glenwood.

Convoluted? Not by Albany standards.

Just remember this: Silver got his quid, and the lawyers and developers got
their quo pros.

But while Silver likely is headed to prison, Weitz & Luxenberg no doubt is
shopping for another rainmaker. And Glenwood (which also has stuffed Gov.
Cuomo's campaign accounts with hundreds of thousands of dollars) so far has
suffered not a scratch.

So how is that just?

How does Silver's conviction - welcome as it was - serve a larger policy
purpose?

There was no end to the earnest prescriptions for cleaning up Albany after
Silver's conviction. There never is when a big tree falls. But most of them,
unhappily, involve a repeal of human nature.

That is, whenever an interested party lays free money on the table - any table,
anywhere - some politician will come along to pick it up.

Reforms that make laying the money down as risky as picking it up might have
some utility; nothing short of it is going to make any difference at all.

And, of course, nothing of the sort is being proposed.

Instead, all the usual bromides are being trotted out. These include:

* Campaign finance restrictions - which, significantly, never include curbs on
most special interests, especially unions. And they don't address the Silver
issue - that is, overt corruption.

* Taxpayer-financed campaigns. That's the way it's done in New York City - to
decidedly mixed outcomes. These include the de Blasio administration - which,
well, 'nuff said.

* Term limits. Again, Gotham leads the way here. And, again, the results have
been instructive - especially in the City Council, where limits cleared out a
lot of dead wood and replaced it with potted plants.

There may be a less auspicious legislative body in America, but it's
well-hidden.

Perhaps there is genuine reform ticked away in such proposals, though that's not
likely. What New York really needs is a better political class.

Politics has always been about grabbing and grifting, of course. Doing the
people's business, a sage once said, ain't beanbag.

But New York over time has also been blessed with competent practitioners of the
political arts, honorable men and women who rarely flinched at the compromises
democratic governance requires - but who also managed to keep their hands in
their pockets when temptation beckoned.

Today, Silver is being fitted for prison greens. His erstwhile partner in power,
former state Senate Majority Leader Dean Skelos is himself on trial in federal
court. And Bharara seems to have his gaze fixed firmly on Cuomo.

Meanwhile, up in The Bronx, Silver's successor as Assembly speaker, Carl
Heastie, has just engineered a deal that saw Bronx DA Robert Johnson elevated to
a sinecure judgeship - and voters denied any meaningful role in picking his
successor.

Albany remains happily submerged in the same pork-and-patronage sludge-pit that
led to Silver's downfall - as everybody stands around blinking.

In other words, business as usual; Bharara best not be counting on Albany to fix
itself.

Yes, he's done yeoman's work. But it won't be enough.

That's because digging out corruption while ignoring the corrupters will never
be enough.

Locking up a few enablers, on the other hand, probably would help. It certainly
couldn't hurt.

Bharara has made it clear that his work is far from over. So there's still time
to broaden its scope - that is, to bust a few johns.

Here's hoping. At this stage, the only real reform resides in fear.

bob@bobmcmanus.nyc

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shelly Silver was brought down last week, but what about the men who
corrupted his services? (Reuters)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             884 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             January 4, 2013 Friday

BRIEF: Former La Villa guard gets prison in bribery scheme

BYLINE: Jacqueline Armendariz, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 229 words


Jan. 04--MCALLEN -- A cash bribe to smuggle two cell phones into the East
Hidalgo Detention Center landed a former guard from Pharr a one-year prison term
on Thursday.

Jorge Luis Sandoval, 32, pleaded guilty to one count of bribery in July, a news
release from the U.S. Attorney's Office in Houston said.

Chief U.S. District Judge Ricardo H. Hinojosa sentenced Sandoval to one year and
one day in prison on Thursday, followed by two years of supervised release.

Federal authorities said Sandoval took the bribe from a person acting on behalf
of an inmate to smuggle the cell phones on two separate occasions. Officials did
not disclose the amount of the bribe in the news release.

Hinojosa noted cases of bribery involving officials like prison guards damage
the reputation of those working for the government and law enforcement in the
eyes of the public, the release said.

The judge also said Sandoval showed "a total disrespect for the law."

Officials said Sandoval was allowed to surrender to the U.S. Marshals Service
later this month to begin serving his federal prison sentence.

Jacqueline Armendariz covers law enforcement, courts and general assignments for
The Monitor. She can be reached at jarmendariz@themonitor.com and (956)
683-4434.

___ (c)2013 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130104-MC-BRF-Former-La-Villa-guard-gets-prison-in-bribery-scheme-0104-2013010
4

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2013 The Monitor


                             885 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 1, 1987, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

NO VIOLATIONS FOUND AT SITE OF BRIBE INQUIRY

BYLINE: By ROBERT D. McFADDEN

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 40, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 684 words


New York City fire officials said yesterday that no major violations had been
found in an examination of fire suppression systems at a huge petroleum-storage
facility on Staten Island where renovation work was said to have been
facilitated by bribes to fire inspectors.

An extensive inspection of pipelines, hydrants, hoses and other fire equipment
by the Fire Department's Bureau of Fire Prevention began on Friday and was
expected to continue for several days at Port Mobil, a sprawling Mobil Oil
center.

''They have found no problems so far,'' said a Fire Department spokesman,
Assistant Commissioner John Mulligan. ''But the investigation is certainly
continuing for the protection of the plant employees and the public.''

Mayor Koch, due back today from a 10-day trip to Poland and Hungary, was
apprised of the allegations by the First Deputy Mayor Stanley Brezenoff
yesterday, according to a mayoral press spokesman, Michael Smith, who said the
Mayor would have no comment pending various investigations.

Inquiries into the bribery allegations were under way by the United States
Attorney in Brooklyn, Andrew J. Maloney; the city's Commissioner of
Investigation, Kenneth Conboy, and by the Fire Department Inspector General,
Jonathan Fairbanks.

The investigators declined to comment on the matter yesterday, but they were
said to be looking into all of the work handled in recent years by the
inspectors named in the allegations, and into all Fire Department documentation
pertaining to the renovation work at Port Mobil, which began in 1979. Port Mobil
is across the Arthur Kill from Perth Amboy, N.J.

Questions about that work arose Thursday and Friday in testimony at a Federal
tax-evasion trial in Brooklyn by a Bronx piping contractor who said he had paid
thousands of dollars in bribes to five fire officials to expedite inspections
and avoid costly delays.

'Way of Doing Business'

The contractor, Robert Matthews, manager of the Matthews Industrial Piping
Company of the Bronx, who testified under a grant of immunity, said he paid
$126,000 in bribes from 1979 and 1983 to the Bureau of Fire Prevention's chief
civilian inspector, Milton Fishkin, who retired in 1984.

Mr. Matthews also said he had paid unspecified bribes to the deputy chief
inspector of the bureau's bulk oil unit, Richard Docyk, and $100 each to three
inspectors whom he did not identify. Pending the outcome of the investigations,
Mr. Docyk was relieved of his duties Friday and placed in a ''nonsensitive
position,'' officials said. Testifying at the trial of an executive of a Staten
Island excavating company, Mr. Matthews said he had paid $1,000 a month to Mr.
Fishkin from 1979 to 1982, and $5,000 a month to him in 1982 and 1983 when his
company was working at Port Mobil.

The payments, he said, were not to approve substandard work but to expedite
approvals and permits. He also said that Mr. Fishkin had recommended to Mobil
Oil that Mr. Matthews should get the Port Mobil contract.

Mr. Matthews testified that paying bribes was ''the way of doing business in New
York City,'' but he gave few details and Federal and city investigators said
they were focusing on only a few people in the bureau and had uncovered no
indications of widespread wrongdoing.

The Fire Prevention Bureau, second in size and scope only to firefighting
operations within the department, is responsible for inspecting buildings,
facilities and vehicles to ensure compliance with the city's fire code, and for
the granting of permits and licenses to a wide range of transporters and
handlers of flammable materials.

Mr. Fishkin, of 105-00 Shore Front Parkway in Rockaway Park, Queens, was said to
be in Florida yesterday and could not be reached for comment. Before his
retirement, he was the chief civilian fire inspector, had 55 to 60 employees
working under him and was paid $52,700 a year.

Mr. Docyk, a Nassau County resident who is in his early 50's, has been employed
by the department about 25 years and, as a high-ranking inspector, is paid
$40,760 a year. He also could not be reached yesterday for comment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             886 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 27, 2015 Friday

Washington: South Jersey MRI Facility Owners Admit Paying Tens of Thousands in
Cash Bribes for Patient Referrals

LENGTH: 424  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The owners of two South Jersey MRI facilities today admitted paying more than
$30,000 in cash bribes to a doctor for patient referrals, U.S. Attorney Paul J.
Fishman announced. Norman Brettler, a/k/a "Norbert," 67, of Cherry Hill, New
Jersey, and Lee Getson, 62, of Southampton, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Joseph E. Irenas in Camden federal court to separate
informations charging them each with one count of conspiracy to pay kickbacks.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Brettler and Getson owned Positional Imaging Associates LLC, d/b/a Ocean Upright
MRI, in Toms River, New Jersey, and Tilton Dynamic Imaging LLC, in Northfield,
New Jersey. From January 2012 through June 2014, Brettler and Getson agreed with
others to pay cash bribes to a doctor in exchange for patient referrals.
Brettler and Getson paid the doctor more than $30,000 for referrals, resulting
in more than $115,000 in Medicare payments to their MRI companies.

The conspiracy charge to which Brettler and Getson pleaded guilty carries a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison and a fine of $250,000 or
twice the gross gain or loss resulting from the offense. Sentencing for both
defendants is scheduled for June 29, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert, with the investigation leading to
today's guilty pleas.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Jane H. Yoon and Senior
Litigation Counsel Andrew Leven of the U.S. Attorney's Office Health Care and
Government Fraud Unit in Newark. U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health
care fraud practice at the New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after
taking office, including creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud
Unit to handle both criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health
care fraud offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $635 million
in health care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines,
restitution and forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             887 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 15, 1989, SATURDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

EX-PENTAGON OFFICIAL, 4 OTHERS PLEAD GUILTY IN FRAUD SCANDAL

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 707 words


ALEXANDRIA, Va. (AP) - A retired Navy engineer admitted on Friday taking
$475,000 in bribes from two major defense contractors, as he and four other
people pleaded guilty in the widening Pentagon procurement-fraud probe.  Garland
L. Tomlin Jr., 59, admitted taking $400,000 from Sperry Corp. and $75,000 from
Honeywell Inc. in exchange for confidential bid information about a
multimillion-dollar contract to maintain the electronic components of Navy
weapons.  Tomlin, the third former Pentagon official to admit taking bribes,
pleaded guilty to conspiracy, receiving bribes and tax evasion. The charges are
punishable by a maximum sentence of 25 years and a $130,000 fine.  Tomlin was a
program engineer at the Navy's Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command until he
retired in 1985.  Another former Navy engineer, Jerry L. Manning, 52, pleaded
guilty to a bribery conspiracy charge. Manning admitted giving a defense
consultant bid information about a $20 million Navy electronics contract.
Former Unisys marketing manager Dennis Mitchell, 42, ple aded guilty to
participating in a scheme to pay $4,000 in illegal corporate campaign
contributions to several members of Congress, including Rep. Les Aspin, D-Wisc.
Aspin is chairman of the House Armed Services Committee.  Unisys consultants
Joseph S. Zuba, 67, of Mechanicsburg, Pa., and Gerard J.  Scarano, 74, admitted
participating in the scheme to conceal the illegal donations.  Contributions
also were made to Reps. Bob Roe, D-N.J., Bill Young, D-Fla., and George
Hochbrueckner, D-N.Y., and to former Rep. Robert Badham, R-Calif., and the late
Rep. Bill Chappell, D-Fla., according to court papers. There was no indication
that Aspin or any of the other members of Congress who received donations knew
that Sperry had illegally funneled the contributions to them through defense
consultants.  All five defendants agreed to cooperate with the Justice
Department's continuing investigation of Pentagon procurement fraud, nicknamed
''Operation Ill Wind.'' The bribes were paid to Tomlin between 1982 and 1984.
The money was placed in a bank account that Tomlin kept in the Bahamas in the
name of a dummy corporation he had set up to receive the funds.  Court papers
said that Tomlin, who lives near Orlando, Fla., had demanded $500,000 from
Sperry Corp. in return for his influence in helping the company get lucrative
contracts for computerized maintenance of electronic weapons components.  The
court papers revealed that an unidentified official of Sperry Corp. had approved
the bribery arrangement after discussing the matter with Charles F.  Gardner.
Gardner was then a Sperry vice president in charge of the company's Surveillance
and Fire Control Systems Division in Great Neck, N.Y. He pleaded guilty to an
unrelated bribery charge in March.

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1989 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             888 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             March 25, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Woman's driving test bribe is a non-starter

BYLINE: Russell Jenkins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 474 words


A learner driver was so anxious to pass her test that she tried to bribe the
examiner with an envelope stuffed with cash and then attacked him when he
refused, a court was told.

Jin Su, 35, a former teacher who has a young son, had failed her driving test
four times and was determined that it would not happen again.

She handed over the red envelope containing between £400 and £500 as she was due
to complete a road manoeuvre during her test in Manchester.

Jin told Keith Ashcroft, an examiner with the Driving Standards Agency: "This
will be good for you, and for me."

He did not see it the same way. When he refused the gift and immediately
terminated the test, she lost her temper, grabbed him by the wrists and tried to
push him back into the car, shouting: "I want the test to continue."

She later insisted that the money was simply meant to bring good luck but after
questioning, reluctantly admitted that it was a bribe.

Jin, of Swinton, near Manchester, pleaded guilty at Manchester Crown Court to
offering a bribe and a second charge of common assault. She was ordered to carry
out 50 hours' unpaid work and pay £100 in compensation to the examiner.

The court was told that Jin told Mr Ashcroft: "I feel confident I will pass my
test today," as she pulled out of the Cheetham Hill Test Centre on May 19 last
year. She was asked to pull over to test her starting and stopping skills.

Michael Morley, for the prosecution, told the court: "She reached into her front
jeans pocket and pulled out what appeared to be a substantial amount of money,
which was folded up. It appeared to be all £20 notes.

"She took the money and placed it in a red envelope and passed it to Mr Ashcroft
and said: 'This will be good for you, and for me.' He was in no doubt that it
was an effort to bribe him. He was shocked and told her to put the money away,
then terminated the test."

Mr Morley said that Jin got out of the driver's seat and started to attack Mr
Ashcroft.

The assault drew blood and left marks on his arm.

He said: "When interviewed by probation officers, she said she was not trying to
bribe an official. As is custom, she was trying to gain good luck by passing
over money in a red envelope.

"However, she did not hand over the envelope until she was alone with him in the
car and half way through the test."

Michael Hopkinson, in mitigation, said that Jin had no previous convictions. "In
the part of the world where my client originates it is much more common than
here, but she knows she must abide by the laws and rules as they exist here," he
said.

Judge David Stockdale, QC, told her: "You offered the money in expectation that
he would in due course record that you passed. That is corruption of a serious
kind. Driving examiners carry out important work for the safety of all road
users, by ensuring that all those who drive are competent to do so."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jin Su: four test failures

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             889 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                             March 25, 2011 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Woman's driving test bribe is a non-starter

BYLINE: Russell Jenkins

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 474 words


A learner driver was so anxious to pass her test that she tried to bribe the
examiner with an envelope stuffed with cash and then attacked him when he
refused, a court was told.

Jin Su, 35, a former teacher who has a young son, had failed her driving test
four times and was determined that it would not happen again.

She handed over the red envelope containing between £400 and £500 as she was due
to complete a road manoeuvre during her test in Manchester.

Jin told Keith Ashcroft, an examiner with the Driving Standards Agency: "This
will be good for you, and for me."

He did not see it the same way. When he refused the gift and immediately
terminated the test, she lost her temper, grabbed him by the wrists and tried to
push him back into the car, shouting: "I want the test to continue."

She later insisted that the money was simply meant to bring good luck but after
questioning, reluctantly admitted that it was a bribe.

Jin, of Swinton, near Manchester, pleaded guilty at Manchester Crown Court to
offering a bribe and a second charge of common assault. She was ordered to carry
out 50 hours' unpaid work and pay £100 in compensation to the examiner.

The court was told that Jin told Mr Ashcroft: "I feel confident I will pass my
test today," as she pulled out of the Cheetham Hill Test Centre on May 19 last
year. She was asked to pull over to test her starting and stopping skills.

Michael Morley, for the prosecution, told the court: "She reached into her front
jeans pocket and pulled out what appeared to be a substantial amount of money,
which was folded up. It appeared to be all £20 notes.

"She took the money and placed it in a red envelope and passed it to Mr Ashcroft
and said: 'This will be good for you, and for me.' He was in no doubt that it
was an effort to bribe him. He was shocked and told her to put the money away,
then terminated the test."

Mr Morley said that Jin got out of the driver's seat and started to attack Mr
Ashcroft.

The assault drew blood and left marks on his arm.

He said: "When interviewed by probation officers, she said she was not trying to
bribe an official. As is custom, she was trying to gain good luck by passing
over money in a red envelope.

"However, she did not hand over the envelope until she was alone with him in the
car and half way through the test."

Michael Hopkinson, in mitigation, said that Jin had no previous convictions. "In
the part of the world where my client originates it is much more common than
here, but she knows she must abide by the laws and rules as they exist here," he
said.

Judge David Stockdale, QC, told her: "You offered the money in expectation that
he would in due course record that you passed. That is corruption of a serious
kind. Driving examiners carry out important work for the safety of all road
users, by ensuring that all those who drive are competent to do so."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jin Su: four test failures

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2011 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             890 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                            The Independent (London)

                           September 13, 1999, Monday

INQUIRY INTO TEST MATCH BRIBERY PLOT

BYLINE: Jason Bennetto Crime Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 492 words


SCOTLAND YARD detectives are investigating allegations that an Asian betting
syndicate tried to bribe members of the England cricket team with nearly pounds
1m.

The inquiry was set up after a former international player told police he had
been offered a massive bribe in return for persuading two team members to
perform badly during a Test match against New Zealand this summer.

Police will be questioning players to discover whether the attempted match
-rigging was a one-off or whether other people have been offered bribes.

The inquiry is the latest to involve allegations of match fixing by Far Eastern
criminals.Last month, a gambler with direct links to Chinese Triad gangsters was
among four men jailed for plotting to sabotage a Premiership football match as
part of a betting scam.

In the latest incident, the former England player Chris Lewis reported to police
and the cricket authorities that he had been offered a bribe. Mr Lewis, 31, is
said to have been offered pounds 300,000 to act as a go-between for an Asian
"businessman". He is reported to have been asked to approach Alec Stewart, the
England wicketkeeper batsman, and Alan Mullally, a bowler, and offer them pounds
300,000 each to drop catches and perform badly during the third Test match
against New Zealand at Old Trafford, Manchester.

Betting syndicates make vast profits by offering good odds on the favourite
team, who most punters will back, and cleaning up when they lose.

Mr Lewis is reported to have said: "I was introduced to some people who had what
they called a business proposal. But it was a bribe ... if they're offering
pounds 300,000 at the bottom of the chain there must be an awful lot more money
involved."

Scotland Yard's organised crime group will also investigate allegations that the
New Zealand captain, Stephen Fleming, was approached.

In the event, Alec Stewart did not keep wicket and Alan Mullally was not
selected to play at Old Trafford. England avoided defeat thanks largely to bad
weather, but went on to lose the series 2-1 when New Zealand won at The Oval.

Tim Lamb, chief executive of the England and Wales Cricket Board, said
yesterday: "We have reminded the players on several occasions that there are
suspicious and shady people around and should they be approached they should
report to the appropriate authorities straight away.

"The International Cricket Council are determined to stamp out incidents of this
nature and we take all these type of things very seriously. There have been a
lot of allegations and suspicion around the world in recent years, but we have
no reason to suppose any England player has done anything wrong."

The board said in an earlier statement: "The player concerned acted entirely
properly by bringing this to our attention. We have passed the matter to the
police and there is nothing to suggest to the ECB that this is anything other
than an isolated incident."

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fleming: Inquiry to include New Zealand captain; Lewis: 'Introduced to
some people who had what they called a business proposition'

                      Copyright 1999 Independent Print Ltd


                             891 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 12, 1998 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Offer bribes for Olympic bid, Baird told

BYLINE: MATTHEW MOORE and GLENDA KORPORAAL in Lausanne and Wires

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 537 words


The former NSW minister in charge of Sydney's Olympic bid, Mr Bruce Baird, has
revealed he was asked to offer bribes in exchange for votes for Sydney's bid
during the competition to host the 2000 Games.

The revelations by Mr Baird, now a Federal MP, came as the International Olympic
Committee announced an inquiry into what a senior IOC member described as "
bribes" paid to some African IOC members by the Salt Lake City bid committee
which won the rights to host the Winter Games in 2002.

The Salt Lake City Organising Committee has admitted that it paid for the
tuition of the six IOC members' children at US universities as part of a
$US450,000 "foreign aid" budget which was also meant to provide money for
athletes in poorer countries,

such as many in Africa, to study and train in the US.

Mr Baird said he was not surprised by these revelations.

"There was an approach to me, from a third party, when I was in Acapulco, who
said he could secure some African votes."

"I said `this is not what the Sydney bid is about', and he said `you well may
lose' and I said `I would prefer Sydney lost than won on those grounds'," Mr
Baird said yesterday.

He said the "third party" was not an IOC member and he could not be certain the
approach was made with the support of any IOC members.

But he added: "I don't believe we got any of the votes from countries where
there were rumours their members were susceptible."

Mr Baird said he was not surprised to hear of the IOC inquiry or of the
allegations of bribes paid to IOC members, although he was adamant no bribes
were paid by Sydney's bid committee.

A senior Swiss IOC member, Mr Marc Hodler, who chairs the IOC's committee
overseeing the Salt Lake City Games, admitted that the actions of the Salt Lake
City Committee were bribery.

Under IOC rules, its members cannot receive gifts worth more than $US150 from a
bidding city.

Mr Hodler also admitted that he believed other cities bidding for the Olympics
may have used similar methods to woo members to vote for their city. Asked if he
believed this had happened in the case of the Sydney bid for the 2000 Games,
which was decided in September 1993, Mr Hodler said: "I don't know."

Mr Baird said he would be "totally relaxed" about the IOC inquiry being extended
to cover Sydney's bid.

The president of the Australian Olympic Committee, Mr John Coates, who was a key
member of the Sydney bidding team, was in Europe yesterday and could not be
contacted.

The Sydney bid included a strong lobbying campaign of African IOC members which
included a special trip to the continent in the last months before the decision.

Mr Hodler admitted that the Salt Lake City revelations had shown that the number
of IOC members open to inducements for votes might be higher than the small
number he had suspected.

"I had thought that we had a very small percentage of members who are exposed to
such things," he said in Lausanne before the meeting of the IOC's executive
board. "Apparently there are more.

"I know the facts. I am terribly sorry that even Salt Lake City, which is by far
the best place to hold the Winter Games, had to use certain methods in order to
get the award.

"It's too bad. If a city in the world doesn't need that, it's Salt Lake City."

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing: No deal . . .Mr Baird.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1998 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             892 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                              June 24, 1994 Friday
                                  Late Edition

Bribe scandals disfigured the Grand Old Game early on

BYLINE: DARRIN FARRANT

SECTION: SPORT; Glory Days; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 549 words


BASEBALL'S infamous bribe scandal of 1919, when Chicago White Sox players were
paid to throw games in the World Series finals, had a little-known Australian
predecessor. Nine years earlier, three Carlton players - including one of the
VFL's champions - were accused of a similar offence.

That star - better known as Alex "Bongo" Lang - eventually served five years'
suspension for his sins, and effectively lost any hope of being remembered by
historians as one of the finest early exponents of Australian rules football.

Lang made his debut with the Blues in 1906, quickly establishing himself among
the league's most skilful band of rovers. Said to mix speed and stamina with a
healthy dose of football brains, he was a member of three premiership-winning
teams. In 1909, `The Australasian' awarded him the tag of best player in the
VFL.

The Blues' first sign of bother came in the final home-and-away match of 1910,
when Carlton, three games clear at the head of the ladder, gave bottom side St
Kilda its first victory in more than a year. Many wondered about the form
reversal, although the Blues remained favorites to defeat South Melbourne in the
second semi-final.

Then came the real sensation: Carlton selectors removed the names of three
players - Lang, rookie Doug Fraser and ruckman Jim Marchbank - from the team
sheet just one hour before the start of the match. A former captain and two
reserves were dragged out to fill their spots.

No explanation was given, but the word somehow spread that the three players had
been offered 100 bribes to "play dead". When the teams ran on to the ground,
`The Courage Book of VFL Finals' says, Carlton was given a thunderous ovation,
while South Melbourne players (suspected by the crowd of offering the bribes)
were met with silence.

The match was often spiteful. Carlton's shooting for goal was poor, while South
made the most of its opportunities to win by 12 points. An inquiry into the
bribe allegations was immediately announced.

Reports floated in from Ballarat that four players from the Ballarat Imperials
had been induced to run "stiff" in the grand final against Golden Point, which
won the match. `Age' columnist `Follower' weighed in with wordy indignation.

"The public has been set to wonder whether, in its moments of wild enthusiasm,
it has been worshipping a false idol, and making heroes of rogues and
tricksters. Once let the public become convinced that it has been tricked and
fooled, and its indignation will know no bounds." `Follower' added that he was
witnessing the "gradual demoralisation" of the sport.

"People feel small on realising that the hero they have worshipped was merely a
rogue making nefarious use of a manly pastime to cloak his scoundrelism; a
fellow with the semblance of an athlete and the instincts of a card sharper."

The inquiry cleared Marchbank of any wrongdoing, and he rejoined the Carlton
side for the grand final a fortnight later (the Blues lost to Collingwood).
South Melbourne was cleared also. Lang and Fraser, though, each copped five-year
suspensions for their behavior.

Just how and why Lang and Fraser were seen as the only culprits in the affair is
unclear. Whatever the case, Lang did not return to competitive football until
1916, when he quietly served out another two seasons before retiring.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1994 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             893 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 31, 1984, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

JURY IS TOLD JUDGE WAS IN 'BRIBE CLUB'

BYLINE: By E.

SECTION: Section A; Page 16, Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 871 words


R. SHIPP

CHICAGO, May 30 - A Cook County judge accepted numerous bribes and participated
in a ''club'' that lawyers joined for $500 a month in return for favorable
treatment, the United States Attorney asserted in court here today.

The remarks by Dan K. Webb, the United States Attorney for the Northern District
of Illinois, came at the opening of the Federal trial of John M. Murphy, the
first judge to come to trial after a three-and-a-half year Federal investigation
of the huge Cook County Circuit Court system.

In his opening statement, Mr. Webb said that Judge Murphy had accepted bribes to
fix cases and that he also on occasion ruled favorably for lawyers who had made
arrangements with his supervisor, Judge Richard LeFevour, the chief judge of the
First Municipal District in Chicago. Judge LeFevour, who Mr. Webb said received
$2,000 a month from lawyers who joined the ''hustler bribery club,'' has not
been indicted.

This afternoon the first of five Government witnesses, a lawyer, said he paid
Judge Murphy $300 for a ruling in his favor in July 1981.

Lawyer Says He Was Framed


Judge Murphy, who has been relieved of his duties, has denied the charges. His
attorney, Matthias A.  Lydon, said in his opening statement: ''Judge Murphy
emphatically denies having received any money for any reason in connection with
any of these cases you are about to hear about.''

Mr. Lydon made it clear that he would challenge the tactics used by the Federal
agents in conducting what he called ''a fouled-up undercover investigation'' and
the motives of two police officers who will testify for the Government. Mr.
Lydon told the jury of six men and six women that the Federal authorities, ''in
their eagerness to get a judge,'' were willing to ''strike a bargain'' with the
officers.

''Judge Murphy has been framed by the United States Attorney's office and the
F.B.I.,'' Mr. Lydon said. ''You're going to see he's a good, honest, reasonable
judge who's cautious about giving someone a criminal record.''

Judge Murphy is among 18 people who have been indicted since last December as a
result of the Federal investigation known as Operation Greylord, including two
other sitting judges, a former judge, nine lawyers, three Chicago police
officers, a court clerk and a former bailiff.

Tapes to Be Heard


The clerk, Harold Conn, was convicted of accepting $1,610 in bribes after a
trial in March and has been sentenced to six years in prison and fined $2,000. A
lawyer, James Canoff, pleaded guilty last month to soliciting and receiving
$5,800 in bribes. He is to be sentenced June 7.

In a 27-count indictment, Judge Murphy is charged with mail fraud, extortion and
racketeering, all stemming from his alleged acceptance of $3,900 in bribes
between 1981 and 1983.

In addition to the testimony of the lawyer, Arthur R. Cirignani, the
prosecution's case will rely upon tapes of secretly recorded conversations
between the 68-year-old judge and two undercover agents from the Federal Bureau
of Investigation who posed as corrupt lawyers. The prosecutors will also present
the testimony of those two agents, Terrence Hake and David Ries, as well as the
testimony of two police officers who, along with Mr. Cirignani, ''themselves
were involved with Judge Murphy in certain acts of judicial corruption,'' Mr.
Webb said.

The officers were assigned to the court and were characterized by Mr. Webb as
''bagmen.'' Both have pleaded guilty to reduced charges, but have not yet been
sentenced. The sentence they ultimately receive will presumably be influenced by
the value of the testimony they provide.

Mr. Cirignani set up a private law practive in 1980 and ''shortly after he
became a private defense lawyer, he became a corrupt defense lawyer,'' Mr. Webb
told the jury. Mr. Cirignani has been granted immunity from prosecution.

$300 in Theft Case


Mr. Cirignani testified that in July 1981 he had a felony theft case that came
before Judge Murphy for a preliminary hearing. At issue was the validity of a
search warrant. Mr. Cirignani had noted a technical flaw in the search warrant,
listing the street address as 1739 rather than 1739 1/2, and had moved that the
evidence seized from the premises be suppressed. He testified that he knew the
issue could easily be resolved in favor of the prosecution because it was ''a
close question.''

On that day, he testified, he brought an envelope to court with him ''because I
intended on putting money in that envelope and giving it to the judge.'' Mr.
Cirignani said he met with Judge Murphy early that morning in chambers to
discuss the case and left with the understanding that Judge Murphy would rule in
his favor.

After Judge Murphy had ruled for him later, Mr. Cirignani said, he placed $300
in the envelope and again met with the judge.

''The judge took the envelope from me,'' the lawyer testified. ''He put it in
his pocket. I said, 'Thanks a lot,' and I walked out.''

Asked how he had decided upon $300, Mr. Cirignani said: ''It was an arbitrary
figure I had picked out. I didn't want to give him too little money to insult
him. So I arbitrarily decided on $300 because he had ruled in my favor.''


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                             894 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday

Ex-assemblyman pleads guilty in ex-senator brother's case

BYLINE: Amanda Lee Myers; The Associated Press

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 437 words

ABSTRACT

A former California assemblyman says in court records that he concealed bribes
his state senator brother accepted in exchange for favorable legislation

FULL TEXT

LOS ANGELES >> A former California assemblyman pleaded guilty Monday to money
laundering as part of a plea agreement in which he acknowledged concealing
bribes that his then-state senator brother accepted in exchange for favorable
legislation.

Thomas Calderon pleaded guilty in Los Angeles federal court as part of a plea
agreement with prosecutors. Though his conviction carries up to 20 years in
prison, prosecutors are requesting that he get no more than one year when he's
sentenced Sept. 12.

Calderon admitted to hiding bribes that his brother, former Democratic
California Sen. Ron Calderon of Montebello, accepted in exchange for supporting
legislation expanding tax credits for the film industry, according to the plea
agreement. The law never passed.

The bribes came from an undercover FBI agent who posed as the owner of a Los
Angeles movie studio.

Thomas Calderon deposited a $30,000 bribe from the undercover agent into a bank
account belong to the consulting company he founded, according to the plea
agreement. He then wrote a check for $9,000 from that bank account to Ron
Calderon's daughter, the agreement says.

"(Thomas Calderon) conducted these financial transactions in order to conceal
and disguise the fact that the money represented the proceeds of bribery,"
according to the plea agreement.

Thomas Calderon's attorney, Shepard Kopp, declined to comment. His client is not
required to testify against Ronald Calderon, who has pleaded not guilty to
bribery, fraud and money laundering. His trial is next month.

Ronald Calderon's attorney, Mark Geragos, called Thomas Calderon's plea
agreement a "sweetheart deal."

"It's obviously meant to pressure my client into pleading (guilty)," Geragos
said, adding that it also eliminates his option to call Thomas Calderon to
testify in favor of his brother.

"Unfortunately this is the way the U.S. system of justice works," Geragos said.
"You are facing enormous consequences in terms of sentencing guidelines and the
government makes you an offer that you can't refuse, so you will sing from their
script in order to get your head out of the noose."

Ron Calderon also is charged with accepting bribes from a former hospital owner
to preserve a state insurance law that the government says helped the owner
maintain a long-running and lucrative health care fraud scheme. The law was
later repealed.

Ron Calderon would face spending the rest of his life in prison if convicted of
all the charges against him.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                             895 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              July 7, 2006 Friday

Rick Mariano didn't look like a guy who had just gotten a break. He shook, he
sobbed, his face turned red. He searched faces in the crowded courtroom. He
found his wife and hugged her. He gave reporters an evil eye.

BYLINE: John Shiffman, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

LENGTH: 959 words


Rick Mariano didn't look like a guy who had just gotten a break. He shook, he
sobbed, his face turned red. He searched faces in the crowded courtroom. He
found his wife and hugged her. He gave reporters an evil eye.

The former councilman had just been sentenced yesterday to 61/2 years in federal
prison for taking bribes. Now, he had 30 days to report and a media mob to move
through. Looking dazed, he shook supporters' hands and shuffled from the
courtroom.

It could have been much, much worse. Prosecutors, on the heels of heavy
corruption sentences in other recent cases, had argued sternly for a 10-year
term from U.S. District Judge Lawrence F. Stengel.

The judge could have given Mariano even more time.

Mariano had begged Stengel not to send him to prison.

"Jail will do me no good," Mariano told him, his voice cracking. "I'm a master
electrician. I had experience on City Council. I could help people. I could help
Sister Eileen down on Kensington Avenue. I could teach immigrants English. I
would go to Iraq and Iran... "

Stengel called the case "a shame," adding: "There is a great deal of sadness
that Mr. Mariano's lengthy career as a public servant has come to this."

But Mariano deserved to go to prison, the judge said.

"We have to call this case what it is - the story of an elected public official
in a major American city who accepted bribes, participated in laundering bribe
money, and used his considerable influence to help the people who paid the
bribes," Stengel said. "This is not the case of an otherwise virtuous public
servant who made one big, bad mistake."

Stengel said that he hoped Mariano's sentence would send a message to other
elected officials.

"The belief that corruption is just part of government is a cancer on our
system," Stengel said. "It is demoralizing... and it discourages democracy
because it leads people to believe their participation has little meaning."

Mariano was convicted of taking $23,000 in bribes from Philip Chartock and his
father, Louis, who operated a steel factory in North Philadelphia. In return,
Mariano helped the Chartocks with tax and regulatory issues. The defense
asserted that the payments were not bribes, but loans to pay off credit-card
bills.

The councilman was also convicted of helping a developer obtain city land at a
large discount in exchange for $5,400 in gym fees.

At 61/2 years, Mariano's sentence exceeded those of a half-dozen Council
colleagues who were convicted on corruption charges from 1973 to 1991. But
circumstances since then have changed. In 2004, the U.S. Sentencing Commission
significantly increased sentences for corruption by elected officials. Although
the guidelines are advisory, judges typically follow them.

In Mariano's case, the guidelines called for a sentence in the 6-to-10-year
range.

Though prosecutors Michael Schwartz and Kenya Mann had sought the 10-year
sentence, U.S. Attorney Patrick L. Meehan and FBI Special Agent in Charge J.P.
Weis said they were satisfied with the outcome.

Mariano's lawyer, Thomas Bergstrom, said: "I would have been devastated,
frankly, with a 10-year sentence, and I think Mariano would have too, and I
would have been hurt by an eight-year sentence. So I'm not unhappy."

Mayor Street issued a statement in which he lauded Mariano's "energy and
passion" as a three-term councilman, but added, "No one is above the law."
Mariano resigned his post in May, after his conviction.

The most emotional moment of yesterday's three-hour, standing-room-only hearing
came as Mariano's sons, wife and brother addressed the court. As they spoke,
Mariano wept and rubbed his eyes with a balled-up tissue.

"It's tough, because I just wish you could know the person I know," son Vincent
told the judge. "I always felt this would be the other way around - he'd be up
here talking on my behalf... all the times I've messed up, and there's been
quite a few, let me tell you. He's never let me down. It's hard because there's
what the media portrays him as, and then there's the truth. It tears me apart
inside."

When it was Mariano's turn, he said: "I was just not paying attention to the
details... . I had a future. I'm not blaming anything on anybody else. I was
stupid... . I never sought out to defraud anyone. I never sought out to hurt
anyone."

Mariano's case has taken several circus-like turns.

Days before his indictment last fall, he climbed to the top of City Hall and
triggered a well-publicized suicide scare. The next day, Mariano called City
Hall from his bed in a psychiatric ward and fired two top aides.

In March, moments after the conviction, Stengel ordered Mariano detained
immediately for another psychiatric evaluation, a ruling that shocked many in
the courtroom. Mariano emerged from prison 11 days later, looking disoriented,
and had to fight to walk 20 feet through cameras to a taxi.

Mariano's next unexpected move came behind closed doors. He appeared unannounced
at the FBI's offices, offering to help with other cases, hoping to get a break
at sentencing. Mariano's information wasn't credible, Meehan said.

At the end of the day yesterday, after enduring a three-hour hearing and
learning that he would probably spend the next 61/2 years in federal prison,
Mariano faced a final, familiar chore: running the media gauntlet to a car on
Market Street.

In the lobby, he barked at reporters: "Stay away from me. Don't call me. None of
youse. Ever."

As he moved through the courthouse doors, the cameras converged. A TV camera
inadvertently smacked his wife on the head and she briefly lost her balance.

Mariano didn't see it. He glared at the cameras and shouting reporters.

"Animals!" he said.

Contact staff writer John Shiffman at 215-854-2658 or jshiffman@phillynews.com.
Staff writer Marcia Gelbart contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             896 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      May 12, 1989, Friday, Final Edition

Goodyear Unit Admits Bribes, Fined $ 250,000;
Company Illegally Paid $ 1 Million to Iraqi

BYLINE: Ruth Marcus, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; PAGE F3

LENGTH: 547 words


Goodyear International Corp. paid a $ 250,000 fine and pleaded guilty yesterday
to paying nearly $ 1 million in bribes to obtain $ 19 million in truck tire
orders from the Iraqi government.

The Akron, Ohio, company, a subsidiary of Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co., entered a
guilty plea in federal court to one count of violating the 1977 Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act, which prohibits U.S. corporations from bribing foreign officials.

The former company official who made the bribe arrangements, David J. Janasik,
pleaded guilty last September to federal income tax charges involving the
bribery scheme, and was sentenced to two years' probation and a $ 10,000 fine.

A 10-page statement filed along with the guilty plea yesterday offered new
details about the elaborate arrangements to disguise the bribes as "marketing
studies" and "advertising" costs, and the involvement of top Goodyear officials
in planning the scheme and attempting to hide it from company auditors.

As outlined in the document, Mohammed Jassem, an official of the state-owned
trading organization Iraqi Trading Co. (ITC), told Janasik in 1978 that
Goodyear's competitors in France, South Korea and Japan paid cash "commissions"
to maintain a "good relationship" with ITC, and that such payments were
necessary for Goodyear to obtain significant business from Iraq.

Janasik told the official that such payments violated company policy. But after
Janasik informed his superior about the bribe solicitation, an unidentified
company vice president ordered the superior to "get the business, I don't want
to know [how]," according to the document.

Janasik then started discussions with Ayub Al Shakiri, the self-described
"behind the scene" representative of ITC officials, and negotiated the size of
the bribe, bargaining the commission down from the requested 11 percent to 7
percent.

Between 1979 and 1984, top company officials, including Goodyear International's
vice president for Europe, plotted with Janasik to hide the bribes as "marketing
studies" commissioned from a Greek company and later, with the approval of an
executive vice president, as false invoices for advertising expenses.

Janasik deposited Goodyear checks for the phony services into his personal Swiss
bank account, and paid Al Shakiri in cash.

In the final payment, Janasik's wife withdrew $ 1.25 million in cash from his
Geneva account and met Al Shakiri at the Geneva Hilton.

Al Shakiri counted out $ 75,000 for David Janasik and had a bonded messenger
take the remaining money in several trips, $ 250,000 at a time.

The document said that at about the same time, when company auditors started to
question the $ 551,124 in advertising invoices, an executive vice president
instructed Janasik to mislead them, insisting the funds were supposed to be used
for advertising and that -- if they had not been -- then Goodyear's local
advertising manager had been duped.

The auditors eventually uncovered the bribes.

Goodyear pointed out in a statement that it voluntarily disclosed the violations
to the Justice Department in 1985 and cooperated in the investigation.

Theodore S. Greenberg, the deputy chief of the Justice Department's fraud
section, which prosecuted the case, said the investigation is continuing.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: FOREIGN NEWS, NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1989 The Washington Post


                             897 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              February 28, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

A MIXED SOUTHLAND VERDICT

BYLINE: By JOSEPH P. FRIED

SECTION: Section D; Page 1, Column 6; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 603 words


A top official of the Southland Corporation was convicted yesterday of a charge
that he had committed proxy fraud by not disclosing to shareholders that he had
been involved in a conspiracy to bribe New York State tax officials to fix
sales-tax cases.

But the official was acquitted of the count in his indictment actually charging
him with involvement in the conspiracy.

The seemingly inconsistent verdict against Clark J. Matthews 2d in Federal
District Court in Brooklyn was explained by some parties in the case as possibly
resulting from statute-of- limitation factors.

Under this explanation, the parties said, the jury decided that Mr. Matthews had
taken part in the bribe conspiracy, but could not be convicted of having done so
because the five-year deadline for prosecuting his incriminating actions, which
took place in the late 1970's, had run out.

Meanwhile, this explanation continues, the jury took into account that the
deadline for prosecuting his 1981 failure to disclose his participation had not
run out, thus permitting him to be convicted of this failure.



Form Called Confusing

Several jurors, as they left the courthouse, confirmed that this had been their
reasoning, although another told reporters that ''we could not understand'' the
verdict form the judge had given the jury to fill out. ''He had too many things
for us to choose from,'' said this juror, who declined to give her name.

Mr. Matthews is chief financial officer of Southland. A second defendant, S.
Richmond Dole, a senior vice president of the Dallas-based company, was
acquitted of the single charge against him of having conspired to bribe the New
York state tax officials.

Mr. Matthews's lawyer, Gary Naftalis, later said he would ask the judge in the
case, Charles P. Sifton, to set aside his client's conviction on the proxy fraud
charge, which is punishable by up to five years in prison and a $10,000 fine.
Mr. Matthews, a 48- year-old Dallas resident, was permitted to remain free
without bail pending his sentencing, set for April 26.

Mr. Matthews had insisted during the monthlong trial that he had not been
involved in any conspiracy to begin with, and thus could not have later
committed fraud by failing to disclose such involvement in proxy statements to
shareholders when he successfully ran for the company's board of directors in
1981.



'A Painful Two Years'

Mr. Dole, a 47-year-old Dallas resident who had also insisted on his innocence,
said after the verdict, ''It has been a painful two years and I'm really happy
it's over.'' He was defended by Stephen E. Kaufman and Dominick Amorosa.

The prosecutor, Gregory Wallance, had charged Mr. Matthews and Mr. Dole with
having conspired to bribe the New York officials to fix sales-tax cases
involving the 7-Eleven chain of convenience stores, which Southland runs. No
bribes were actually paid, but the Government said a $20,000 ''slush fund'' had
been set up. The defense said the bribery charge was based on a ''fabrication''
concocted by a former Southland vice president to help himself with prosecutors
after embezzling large sums from the company, one of the nation's largest
retailers.

In a previous trial stemming from the case, Southland was convicted of having
conspired to defraud the Internal Revenue Service. It was fined the maximum
$10,000. A former City Councilman from Queens, Eugene F. Mastropieri, has also
been convicted of conspiracy in the case and has been sentenced to 18 months in
prison. He and the company are appealing.

The jury in the trial ended yesterday deliberated a day and a half.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                             898 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            November 20, 2015 Friday

Federal Correctional Officer Sentenced to 18 Months for Public Corruption

LENGTH: 299  words


RICHMOND, VAJermaine Brown, 37, of Chesterfield, was sentenced today to 18
months in prison for accepting bribes in his role as a federal prison guard in
exchange for smuggling cigarettes to inmates.

Brown pleaded guilty on Aug. 20, 2015. According to court documents, Brown
admitted that he accepted bribes in exchange for providing contraband cigarettes
to inmates while he was employed as a correctional officer at Federal
Correctional InstitutePetersburg. After providing the contraband cigarettes,
Brown instructed the inmates to have their friends or family members wire
transfer money to a known associate of Brown.

According to court documents, on or about Feb. 10, 2011, Browns associate picked
up two Western Union wire transfers totaling $1,450 sent by or on behalf of the
inmates, and the associate delivered the money to Brown as a bribe for providing
contraband cigarettes to inmates at FCI Petersburg. As part of his plea, Brown
agreed that he received and accepted a total of $3,050 in bribes from federal
inmates.

Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Adam S. Lee,
Special Agent in Charge of the FBIs Richmond Field Office; and Michael Tompkins,
Special Agent in Charge of the Department of Justice Office of the Inspector
Generals Washington Field Office, made the announcement after sentencing by U.S.
District Judge M. Hannah Lauck. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Erik S. Siebert and
Michael C. Moore are prosecuting the case.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the U.S. Attorneys
Office for the Eastern District of Virginia. Related court documents and
information may be found on the website of the District Court for the Eastern
District of Virginia or on PACER by searching for Case No. 3:15-cr-93. 2015
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             899 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 11, 2009 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Executive Guilty of Conspiracy in Foreign Bribery Case

BYLINE: By BLOOMBERG NEWS

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 344 words


Frederic Bourke, a founder of the handbag maker Dooney & Bourke, was convicted
Friday of conspiring to pay bribes to government leaders in Azerbaijan in a 1998
oil deal.

The federal jury in Manhattan returned its verdict after a monthlong trial.

Jurors found that Mr. Bourke conspired with a Czech expatriate, Viktor Kozeny,
to pay bribes to the former president of Azerbaijan, Heydar Aliyev, and other
leaders.

The verdict is a victory for federal prosecutors as they step up enforcement of
the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, which bars payments to foreign officials. Few
criminal cases under the law ever  go to trial.

''By bringing and winning the case, the government has expanded the F.C.P.A.'s
coverage,'' said Richard L. Cassin, the founder of the firm Cassin Law in
Singapore, who also writes the FCPA blog. ''This was probably the hardest
F.C.P.A. prosecution the government has ever brought. Bourke didn't pay the
bribes himself, he only knew about them.''

Mr. Bourke, 63, was on trial for investing with Mr. Kozeny knowing that  he gave
Azeri leaders millions of dollars in cash and a secret two-thirds interest in a
venture formed to buy the state oil company, known as Socar.

A lawyer for Mr. Bourke,  Harold Haddon, declined to comment after the verdict.

Prosecutors said that Mr. Bourke, who lives in Greenwich, Conn., faces 10 years
in prison,  though Judge Shira A. Scheindlin of Federal District Court indicated
that  she would not impose a sentence that long .

Mr. Bourke denied knowing about the bribes. His lawyers argued that Mr. Kozeny
stole more than $180 million from Mr. Bourke and other investors, including the
hedge fund Omega Advisors and the insurance giant American International Group.
A Bourke investment vehicle put up $8 million in the deal.

Azerbaijan, a former Soviet Republic in the Caspian Sea region, never sold
Socar, wiping out the investment. Mr. Kozeny, who also has been charged, is a
fugitive living in the Bahamas. He admits bribing Azeri leaders, but claims the
foreign corruptions law does not apply to him.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                             900 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 28, 1995, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
$24.8 Million Penalty Paid By Lockheed

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: Section 1;  Page 35;  Column 3;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 437 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA, Jan. 27


The Lockheed Corporation pleaded guilty today to bribing an Egyptian legislator
in the $79 million sale of three transport planes and agreed to pay a $24.8
million penalty.

The company entered its guilty plea in the Federal District Court here to a
felony count of conspiracy. The penalty, under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
of 1977, includes a fine of $21.8 million and a $3 million civil settlement with
the Government.

The fine is the maximum allowed by law, said John Davis, chief of the criminal
division of the United States Attorney's office. The overall penalty is twice
Lockheed's profit of $12.4 million from the sale of the C-130 Hercules transport
planes.

"We are determined to insure that corporate America does not enlist and pay
commissions to foreign officials in order to obtain business overseas," Mr.
Davis said.

The company, based in Calabasas, Calif., was indicted by a Federal grand jury in
June on eight counts charging that it had paid a $1 million bribe to a member of
the Egyptian Parliament in exchange for her help in arranging the sale.

"Lockheed recognizes certain employees made mistakes in judgment," a Lockheed
lawyer, William Vinson, told Judge Marvin H. Shoob during a plea hearing. Their
actions "were a direct violation of company policy," Mr. Vinson said.

By pleading guilty, Lockheed avoided a trial, and Federal prosecutors dropped
the remaining charges against the company. Lockheed is in the middle of merging
with the Martin Marietta Corporation, based in Bethesda, Md.

Prosecutors contended that Lockheed had agreed in 1988 to pay a commission of
$600,000 per plane to a consulting company owned by Leila Takla, a member of the
Egyptian Parliament, and her husband.

After auditors found evidence of the fee agreement in 1989, Lockheed executives
told the Pentagon that no fee would be paid. But it had agreed in 1990 to pay a
$1 million "termination fee" to Mrs. Takla in lieu of a commission after the
sale.

The indictment said the payments to Mrs. Takla had been made "for the purpose of
inducing Takla to use her influence with the Egyptian Government to direct
business to defendant Lockheed."

Two former Lockheed employees were also indicted by the grand jury.

A week ago, Allen Love, former Lockheed director of Middle East and North
African sales, pleaded guilty to helping the company pay and conceal the bribe.
He will be sentenced April 20.

The second, Suleiman Nassar, former regional vice president of Lockheed
Corporation International, is a fugitive living in Syria, said Mr. Davis of the
United States Attorney's office.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC:  The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the 1977 law forbidding payoffs by
American corporations to foreign officials, was enacted partly in response to a
series of revelations involving Lockheed Corporation. The company has also run
into trouble in the United States.

1975-77 Bribes and kickbacks in Europe and Asia
Chart: "Payoff Scandals and Lockheed"

A Senate subcommittee investigating payments by corporations to foreign
officials is told that Lockheed paid at least $22 million in bribes overseas to
win orders, including $1.1 million to a Dutch prince and more than $7 million to
Japanese politicians. The company admits it paid some bribes, usually through
intermediaries, but calls other payments commissions whose ultimate destinations
it did not know; the company says it has halted such payments. The Dutch prince
is later cleared, but many other implicated officials, military officers and
politicians in several countries resign or are dismissed and some are
prosecuted, including a former Japanese prime minister. Lockheed pleads guilty
to wire fraud, perjury and other charges related to payments in Japan.

1986-87 New York City corruption scandal

Datacom Systems, a Lockheed-owned data processing company, admits it has paid
bribes and kickbacks to win a contract handling collections for the city's
Parking Violations Bureau. Bureau officials, Bronx Democratic party leader
Stanley M. Friedman and others are prosecuted for extortion and
influence-peddling; Queens borough president Donald R. Manes commits suicide
after being implicated. The company is granted immunity from prosecution in
exchange for its cooperation but is barred from future city contracts. Renamed
Lockheed Information Management Services, the company is awarded another parking
bureau contract in 1993, jbut the award is suspended when the link to the
earlier scandal is publicized.

1994 Payoffs in Africa

Lockheed is indicted and later pleads guilty to bribing a politician in Egypt to
win an order for transport aircraft, and is fined $21.8 milion plus a $3 million
civil penalty under the 1977 law.

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                             901 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            February 7, 2017 Tuesday

Trial resumes, focusing on PAC contributions

BYLINE: Joe Nelson; jnelson@scng.com @SBCountyNow on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 494 words

ABSTRACT

Testimony resumes Tuesday in the Colonies corruption case in San Bernardino,
with defense attorneys continuing their cross-examinations of county Supervisor
Curt Hagman and his role with defendant Mark Kirk's PAC. Other witnesses will be
called to testify about their role in the PACs as well.

FULL TEXT

Testimony resumes today at the Colonies corruption trial in San Bernardino
Superior Court, with defense attorneys continuing their cross-examination of
county Supervisor Curt Hagman and his involvement with a political action
committee prosecutors allege was used to funnel a bribe.

Hagman took the witness stand last Thursday to testify about his role with
defendant Mark Kirk's PAC - Alliance for Ethical Government - which received a
$100,000 contribution from real estate investor group Colonies Partners LP in
May 2007, about six months after the county settled a lawsuit with Colonies, in
Colonies' favor, for $102 million.

Hagman, who has not been implicated in the criminal case, testified that he
agreed to sign onto Kirk's PAC as an at large member, but had no other
involvement with the PAC, other than recruiting three employees from his private
business to also sign onto the PAC as at-large members.

Kirk, the former chief of staff for former county Supervisor Gary Ovitt, stands
accused of delivering Ovitt's vote approving the November 2006 Colonies
settlement in exchange for a $100,000 bribe.

All four defendants deny any wrongdoing.

Prosecutors allege the four conspired to fix the Colonies settlement, which
ended a nearly 5-year legal battle with Colonies Partners, of which Burum is a
co-managing partner, in exchange for bribes.

The alleged bribes, prosecutors say, were funneled into five PACs controlled by
the defendants who received the bribes or their operatives.

Colonies sued the county in March 2002 alleging it oversaw construction of a
massive storm drain on Colonies' 434-acre property in Upland, where Colonies was
building a housing tract and shopping center, Colonies at San Antonio and
Colonies Crossroads, respectively.

The county claimed it had easements on the land and refused to pay for and build
a flood control basin big enough to collect the storm drain discharge, fueling
the contentious legal battle. Two Superior Court judges determined the county
was at fault, and that it had abandoned its easements, which were granted in the
1930s.

Former Board of Supervisors Chairman Bill Postmus, who along with Biane and
Ovitt, voted to approve the controversial Colonies settlement in 2006 and was
initially a targeted defendant in the case, entered into a plea agreement with
prosecutors in March 2011. He pleaded guilty to 10 felonies in connection with
the Colonies case and a companion corruption case in which he was convicted of
abusing his office of county Assessor for political gain.

Postmus has agreed to testify against the four defendants in exchange for all
but two of the felony charges against him being dropped.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             902 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

EXTRA IN YOUR Ledger;
Corrupt politicians receive varying sentences

BYLINE: Dennis Tatz, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: News; pg. 1

LENGTH: 627 words


In March 2005, former Quincy City Councilor Michael D'Amico fought back tears
and admitted he made a "huge mistake" as he faced a federal judge about to
sentence him for taking a $2,500 bribe.

"I'm not a bad person who got caught, but a good man who made a mistake,"
D'Amico told U.S. District Court Judge Rya Zobel.

Instead of the 30 to 40 months behind bars that prosecutors wanted, Zobel
ordered D'Amico to serve four months after she read letters praising his public
service and character.

Former Boston City Councilor Charles "Chuck" Turner, who received a harsher
sentence Tuesday - three years in federal prison - following his conviction for
pocketing a $1,000 bribe, took a different tack than D'Amico with Judge Douglas
Woodlock. It cost him.

Turner not only testified in his trial, he maintained his innocence and claimed
that the case against him was nothing more than "political prosecution."

D'Amico, who now lives in Maine, had already been released from prison when the
U.S. Court of Appeals ordered that he be given a new sentence because his
initial one was too lenient.

The case went to the U.S. Supreme Court, which ordered the appellate court to
reconsider its ruling following a December 2007 high-court decision allowing a
trial judge discretion in sentencing.

"My trial was not cut-and-dried," D'Amico said in a telephone interview
Wednesday. "I obviously felt bad at sentencing. I believed I had taken a
campaign contribution. The judge said the letters (supporting a defendant) were
the best she had received in her time on the bench."

Prosecutors' attempt to re-sentence D'Amico, who never testified during his
trial, was eventually dropped.

"The bottom line in federal court is that there are two things you need to say
(after being convicted)," veteran Quincy criminal defense lawyer George McMahon
said. "You need to say, 'I'm sorry. I regret I got involved in this, and I will
never do it again.' He (Turner) didn't do that. He was out of control."

David Frank of Massachusetts Lawyers Weekly, who attended Turner's sentencing
hearing, said Turner's testimony may have affected the length of the sentence.

"Clearly, part of the sentencing was that Turner's testimony was not
believable," Frank said. "One of the factors (in sentencing) is the acceptance
of responsibility."

Frank said that could be a reason why former state Sen. Dianne Wilkerson,
D-Boston, earlier this month received a prison sentence only six months longer
than Turner's although she had been convicted of taking bribes totaling $23,500.

Wilkerson - who, in an unrelated 1997 case, pleaded guilty and was sentenced to
house arrest for failing to pay $51,000 in federal income taxes - pleaded guilty
to eight counts of attempted extortion and never stood trial.

"The (sentencing) guidelines give a benefit to a defendant who tenders a plea,"
Frank said.

In Turner's case, prosecutors recommended a sentence of 33 to 41 months.

Defense lawyer Barry Wilson argued for probation while pointing to Turner's past
as a community organizer and civil-rights activist.

Dennis Tatz may be reached at dtatz@ledger.com

Same crime, different punishment

Former Quincy City Councilor Michael D'Amico was sentenced to four months in
prison after being convicted of taking a $2,500 bribe.

$2,500 bribe, 4 months in prison

Former state Sen. Dianne Wilkerson of Boston has been sentenced to 31/2 years in
prison after pleading guilty to taking bribes totaling $23,500.

$23,500 in bribes, 31/2 years in prison

Former Boston City Councilor Chuck Turner has been sentenced to three years in
prison after being convicted of taking a $1,000 bribe.

$1,000 bribe, 3 years in prison

TAKE OUR POLL

Do you think Chuck Turner was treated unfairly when he was sentenced Wednesday
on a bribery conviction?

PatriotLedger.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: D'Amico Former Quincy city councilor,
Turner Former Boston city councilor,

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger


                             903 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    November 5, 1999, Friday, Final Edition

Top IBF Officials Indicted; Four Are Charged With Accepting Bribes

Athelia Knight, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 812 words


The president and three other top officials of the International Boxing
Federation have been indicted by a federal grand jury in New Jersey on charges
that they accepted bribes from promoters, managers and others to manipulate the
rankings for fighters.

IBF President Robert W. Lee Sr., 65, of Fanwood, N.J.; his son Robert Jr., 38,
of Scotch Plains, N.J.; former Virginia boxing commissioner Donald William
Brennan, 86, of Warsaw, Va.; and Francisco Fernandez of Colombia, an
international commissioner of the IBF, were named in the 32-count indictment
issued Wednesday and unsealed yesterday.

According to the indictment, the four men received $ 338,000 in bribes,
including $ 100,000 in 1995 to influence a heavyweight championship bout. The
indictment lists 32 instances of bribery payments between 1985 and 1998 and
includes charges of conspiracy and racketeering. Officials said seven promoters
and managers and 23 boxers were involved, but none was named in the indictments.

"In the IBF, ratings were not earned, they were bought," First Assistant U.S.
Attorney Robert J. Cleary, the prosecutor in the case, said in a telephone
interview.

Cleary said ratings in weight divisions "determine who gets the money fight, who
gets to compete in championship bouts. . . . The defendants completely corrupted
the IBF rating system. They solicited and received hundreds of thousands of
dollars in bribes with the promise . . . of moving boxers up in the ratings."

The IBF and professional boxing's two other major sanctioning bodies--the World
Boxing Association and World Boxing Council--play major roles in determining a
boxer's opponents, and ratings are a major factor in determining a fighter's
prize money.

Cleary said the grand jury indictment "is an important step for us. This is . .
. a breakthrough development in what has been a long-term, broad-based
investigation into widespread corruption in the boxing industry."

Walter Stone, a lawyer for the IBF, said, "These are allegations that have been
floating around for years. . . . There has been a grand jury process going on
for a substantial amount of time. And all we have heard is innuendos and media
leaks. At least with an indictment the process is now open and the individuals
being charged have a chance to speak through their attorneys and defend
themselves. . . . Whether it turns out these allegations are true is a different
matter."

None of the four defendants could be reached to comment.

Lee Sr. and Brennan, through arrangements between the prosecutor's office and
their attorneys, surrendered to authorities and appeared yesterday afternoon in
federal court in Newark and Richmond, respectively. Lee Sr. was released on $
100,000 bond; Brennan was released on personal recognizance.

Lee Jr., who was arrested at his home yesterday, also appeared in federal court
in Newark and was ordered held in a local jail for 24 hours, pending his
admission to an inpatient drug treatment program, according to Michael Drewniak,
a spokesman for the U.S. attorney's office. A warrant has been issued for the
arrest of Fernandez, who lives in Colombia.

The largest separate bribe listed in yesterday's unsealed indictment was $
100,000 in the heavyweight champion division. According to the indictment, a
promoter paid $ 100,000 in 1995 to influence the IBF to grant a special
exception for the heavyweight champion to defend his title against a specific
opponent who was previously unranked in the IBF. In May 1995, the indictment
states that Lee Sr., Lee Jr., Brennan and others solicited and accepted another
$ 100,000 payment to grant a rematch between those same fighters.

The indictment also alleges that Lee Sr., Brennan and others laundered more than
$ 150,000 in bribe proceeds to avoid detection by law enforcement authorities.

Cleary said none of the promoters, managers and boxers was named in the
indictment because they have not been charged. He said the investigation is
continuing.

Asked if a June raid on the Florida offices of promoter Don King was related to
the IBF investigation, Cleary declined to comment. He also declined to say if
King was a target of the investigation.

Cleary said the prosecutor's office began its criminal investigation of the IBF
in 1996 after former heavyweight boxing champion Michael Moorer filed a civil
complaint in which he alleged corruption in the IBF rating system.

Each of the four defendants is charged with racketeering and racketeering
conspiracy. Each defendant could receive up to 20 years in prison and a $
250,000 fine on each charge, if convicted.

The defendants also face other charges, including mail fraud and money
laundering. Mail fraud carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison and a $
250,000 fine. Money laundering carries a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison
and a $ 500,000 fine.

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                             904 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 21, 1992, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

3 Charged With Taking Bribes in Traffic-Ticket Schemes

BYLINE: By BRUCE WEBER

SECTION: Section B; Page 3; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 551 words


Two employees of the New York City Department of Transportation and one former
employee were arrested yesterday and charged with accepting bribes to fix
traffic tickets, the city Department of Investigation said.

The three were all using different methods to pocket money that was properly
owed the city, and there was no apparent connection among them, said Peter
Benjaminson, a spokesman for the Department of Investigation.

"But they were essentially doing the same thing, fixing or dismissing traffic
tickets for money," he said.

Mr. Benjaminson said the three had bilked the city out of $69,000.

Two of the three people arrested worked for the Parking Violations Bureau and
had made improper use of their access to the bureau's Summons Tracking and
Accounts Receivable computer system, known as Stars. They were Robin Walsh, 34
years old, an administrative associate in the bureau's Brooklyn Help Center, and
Teresa Jones, 31, an office aide in Manhattan. Ms. Jones, who had been under
investigation since last September, was dismissed in March for excessive
absenteeism.

Dismissing by Computer

A statement from the Department of Investigation said that Ms. Jones and Ms.
Walsh would ordinarily ask the owner of a ticketed car for half the amount of
the ticket as a price for dismissing it on the computer.

Ms. Walsh, whose job included the authority to dismiss a ticket if proper
documentation was submitted to her -- for example, if the owner of a ticketed
car could prove that the car was out of town on the date the ticket was issued
-- unlawfully dismissed $22,000 worth of traffic tickets between December 1991
and June 1992, Mr. Benjaminson said. She would then falsely report that the
tickets were dismissed in the computer system, he said.

She had been a suspect for more than a year, said Joseph DePlasco, a
Transportation Department spokesman, ever since a routine review of the computer
system turned up inconsistencies in the information she had logged. She was
arrested after accepting a $500 bribe from an undercover agent, the department
said.

Mistakes on Tickets

Ms. Jones, who also came under investigation because of suspicions about her
computer logs, had not been authorized to dismiss summonses, but she used her
access to Stars to do so, the Department of Investigation said, adding that she
used her computer more than 900 times to note falsely that fines on ticketed
vehicles -- a total of $47,934 worth of summonses -- had been paid.

The third person arrested yesterday was Ronald Anthony, 34, a traffic
enforcement agent in Manhattan. He is accused of taking $10 and $20 bribes from
motorists as he filled out tickets on the street. Because it is unlawful for a
traffic agent to stop writing a ticket once he has started, Mr. DePlasco said,
Mr. Anthony would solicit the small bribes from owners of vehicles he was
ticketing and then fill out the summons with a false license plate number.

All three have been charged with receiving bribes and official misconduct. In
addition, Ms. Jones has been charged with grand larceny and computer tampering.

Mr. Benjaminson, the Department of Investigation spokesman, said yesterday that
the department's investigation into the misuse of Stars would continue and that
there could be additional arrests.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             905 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                The Irish Times

                               November 30, 2005

Congressman admits $2.4m bribe

BYLINE: Denis Staunton in Washington

SECTION: World; Other World Stories; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 350 words


US: A California congressman has admitted receiving at least $2.4 million (EUR 2
million) in bribes from a defence contractor, including a yacht, a Rolls Royce,
rugs, antique furniture and holidays. Republican Randy "Duke" Cunningham wept as
he said he would resign from Congress after 15 years, following his guilty plea
in a San Diego court.

"In my life I have known great joy and great sorrow. Now I know great shame," he
said. A decorated fighter pilot whose navy career inspired the film Top Gun, he
could face up to ten years in prison and $350,000 in fines.

Prosecutors say Mr Cunningham helped Mitchell Wade of MZM Inc, a
Washington-based defence contractor, to win government contracts. Mr Wade bought
Mr Cunningham's house in California two years ago for an apparently inflated
price, selling it at a $700,000 loss less than nine months later.

Among the bribes the congressman accepted, according to prosecutors, are a
$200,000 down payment on an apartment in Arlington, Virginia; the payment of the
capital gains tax on the sale of his California home; the purchase and
maintenance of a yacht and a Rolls Royce; and a graduation party for the
congressman's daughter.

MZM Inc has won millions of dollars in intelligence-gathering and analysis
contracts from the federal government in recent years. Mr Cunningham is among
the most senior Republicans on the defence appropriations subcommittee of the
Intelligence Committee in the House of Representatives. Mr Cunningham said he
did not admit to accepting bribes until now because he was too weak to face the
truth.

Seven US lawmakers, all but one of them Republicans, have been charged, pleaded
guilty or are under investigation for fraud, corruption or improper campaign
donations.

Former House majority leader Tom DeLay faces money laundering and campaign
finance charges and investigators are looking into his links with Jack Abramoff,
a Republican lobbyist accused of defrauding Indian tribes of $82 million.
Prosecutors have told congressman Robert Ney of Ohio they are considering
bribery charges against him.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2005 The Irish Times


                             906 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                            April 24, 1997, Thursday

STING TO SHAFT LIFT INSPECTORS

BYLINE: By GREG B. SMITH

SECTION: News; Pg.  5

LENGTH: 811 words


A top-to-bottom corruption scandal is about to level the city's elevator
inspection division, as federal authorities are expected today to announce
charges against 18 inspectors who created an illicit atmosphere where bribes and
not safety were the division's driving force.

Dozens of inspectors were caught on video tape brazenly stuffing cash-filled
envelopes into their desk drawers at 60 Hudson St., some of them even
complaining they were being shortchanged on the bribes.

The investigation uncovered an agency overrun by greed, a crooked culture where
bribes routinely doubled the $ 30,000 salaries of those on the take.

Of the city's 58 inspectors, 40 have been suspended, and most of those busted
admit that nearly everybody in the division was on the take. Many have pleaded
guilty and are cooperating in an ongoing probe, according to court papers filed
by Assistant U.S. Attorney Susan Brune, and more arrests are expected.

Although the inspectors are responsible for insuring the safety of the city's
54,000 elevators, authorities stressed that dangerous elevators were not being
given clean bills.

Because of the suspensions, the city has fallen behind on scheduled inspections
and is relying on private contractors.

Some of the bribes were paid by elevator companies so inspectors could tack on
bogus violations to generate lucrative repair work. Other bribes were made by
building owners seeking to expedite inspections of new elevators.

The five-year undercover investigation, led by the Manhattan U.S. attorney's
office and the city Department of Investigation, produced hours of damning video
footage.

Inspectors are seen taking payments at their desks, in the hallway and in the
lobby of 60 Hudson St., as well as at building sites and restaurants all over
New York.

The inspectors sometimes referred to the bribes as "birthday presents," although
they came far more frequently than once a year. According to a transcript of a
May 1994 telephone conversation, inspector Richard Logis told an undercover
agent about an elevator company executive complaining about the payments.

"It's like he said, 'You got so many birthdays you must be 150 years old,' "
Logis said, offering this advice on how much to give: "Let your conscience be
your guide."

Some inspectors had the nerve to complain about the bribers' attitude.

"He puts it in a little brown envelope and he sneers at you when he gives it to
you," inspector Anthony Galatro said to another inspector who was wearing a
hidden recording device, according to court transcripts.

Inspector William Stormont complained about a supervisor gouging his
subordinates on bribes: "He'll think he's doing you a big favor," Stormont said,
according to a transcript of an audio recording made May 1995. "He is greedy."

Some inspectors suspected they were under surveillance. In 1993, inspector
William Redmond told one undercover cop, "The word is out downtown that you were
hired as a plant," according to transcripts of the May 1993 conversation.

The undercover so convinced Redmond he was legitimate that Redmond promised to
take him around during an upcoming Christmas party to "get this stigma off your
back." Just to make sure, though, he told the undercover, "We're gonna have to
sit down and take a steam, buck naked. So we know you're not wired."

Lawyers for Galatro, Logis, Redmond and Stormont declined to comment.

DAMNING TALE OF THE TAPES

The five-year undercover investigation that brought down the city's elevator
inspection division relied heavily on hours of video and audio tapes.

Here are some of the inspectors' transgressions:

At their 1995 Christmas party at a midtown bar, contractors handed out envelopes
stuffed with five crisp $ 10 bills.

After the Christmas party, an undercover cop posing as an elevator company
worker showed up at 60 Hudson St. with bribes for those who had missed the
party.

According to the Dec. 22, 1995, video tape, the undercover cop approached
supervisor William Blush and fanned out several envelopes containing $ 50
"Christmas payments." On each envelope was the name of the inspector.

Blush pocketed the money, warning the cop not to bribe a particular clerk in the
office.

Video tapes showed that inspector Joseph Urbansky took numerous gifts at his
desk, including a $ 500 bribe that was described by a cooperating witness as "a
present thanking you." When confronted by investigators, Urbansky said taking
bribes was "customary."

Patrick O'Connor, a supervisory inspector, was video-taped taking payments in
the Brown Derby restaurant inside 60 Hudson St. He also took $ 200 at his desk
to add bogus violations to elevators so the briber's elevator company would be
called in for unnecessary repairs. Within days, the city issued four violations
to the targeted elevators.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 Daily News, L.P.


                             907 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                                   Edition 2;
                                National Edition

Bermuda's PM 'took bribes in health scam'

BYLINE: David Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 676 words


Bermuda's former prime minister has been accused of turning the island into the
most medically scanned place on earth in return for massive bribes.

Ewart Brown was one of the most powerful men in the British Overseas Territory,
one of the few remaining outposts of the empire.

The politician, who is also a doctor, runs two of the island's leading medical
clinics and allegedly arranged for the nation's public healthcare system to pay
for thousands of unnecessary MRI and CT scans in return for kickbacks from an
American private hospital in Boston.

As a result Bermudians received twice as many scans as other comparable
populations, it is alleged. The Bermudian government has named Dr Brown as a
conspirator in a civil legal action against the American hospital for
"racketeering". A criminal investigation on the island has led to police raiding
the politician's clinics.

Patients were "subjected to excessive, medically unnecessary and frankly
dangerous scans" so that Dr Brown would receive "consulting fees" from the
hospital, the government claims in court documents. He used the bribes with his
wife, Wanda, to buy a $3 million mansion in Martha's Vineyard, Massachusetts,
apartments in New York and properties in the Turks and Caicos Islands, it is
alleged.

While in office, Dr Brown hosted the Queen during her visit to the island, met
President George W Bush and was photographed with his arm around the singer
Beyoncé.

The claims of years of abuse by Bermuda's most prominent citizen will be
embarrassing for the Foreign Office. Although the Britishappointed governor is
not involved in running the island, the incumbent is expected to work closely
with the government and to protect "key values".

Dr Brown, who is not a party to the civil claim, has dismissed the "countless
lies and ridiculous allegations" and said that the legal action was an attempt
to "settle a political score". In a statement he added: "Why is Bermuda's own
attorney-general so hellbent on pursuing a vendetta against a former premier and
leader of Bermuda's opposition that he sacrifices the reputation of our entire
pristine jurisdiction by baselessly alleging political corruption when none has
been remotely proven?" Dr Brown competed in the 440 yards and 4 x 440 yards
relay for Bermuda in the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games. His mother
was also an MP and an aunt was the island's first woman cabinet minister. He was
elected a Bermudian MP in 1993 and held several senior cabinet posts before
being appointed prime minister from 2006 to 2010.

The government claims that Dr Brown used his position to help the American
hospital to receive preferential treatment when bidding for contacts, to give it
privileged access to patients and to help it to make millions of dollars in
interpreting needless scans performed at his clinics.

He is accused of offering local doctors "kickbacks" of up to 17.5 per cent if
they referred patients to his clinics for scans.

Dr Brown allegedly scolded doctors when patients cancelled, telling one in an
email: "Two of yours cancelled because 'they are feeling better'! Not good
doc... You must screen better." Between 2004 and 2012 the rate of CT scans on
the island more than doubled from 75 per 1,000 people to 171. The number of MRI
scans also doubled to 84 per 1,000 people. Partially as a result, healthcare
costs rose from $7,000 per person in 2007 to $11,297 in 2013.

The American hospital allegedly paid Dr Brown millions of dollars in "consulting
fees" through to March last year, while it allegedly received more than $40
million from Bermudian public healthcare insurers. Dr Brown's premiership was
mired in controversy as the island's debt increased from $300 million to $1
billion. He was accused of wasting taxpayers' money, spending $265,000 in nine
months on overseas travel, including visiting the seven-star Burj al Arab hotel
in Dubai.

He attended a charity poker event organised by his son, Kevin Brown, at the
Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles that included prizes of holidays in Bermuda paid
for by the government.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ewart Brown entertained Beyoncé and the Queen as premier of Bermuda but
took kickbacks from a US hospital, the government claims

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2017 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             908 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              September 28, 1982, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

THE CITY;
Housing Officials Indicted for Bribes

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 3; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 190 words


Ten City Housing Authority inspectors and a supervisor have been indicted on
charges of taking $8,500 in bribes, officials said.  The supervisor and six of
the inspectors were arrested Friday, according to spokesmen for the Manhattan
District Attorney's office. The others were being sought.

The bribes were related to the inspection of work performed by private painting
contractors at city housing projects, officials said. Some involved the
authorization of payments for work never performed.

The indictments resulted from a yearlong investigation by the District
Attorney's office and the City Department of Investigation.  The arrested men
were identified by prosecutors as Allen J.  Donnelly, 45 yuears old, of the
Bronx; Salvatore Palmeri, 61, of Brooklyn; Thomas P. Bellizzi, 51, of Queens;
Alessandro Stravato, 36, of New Rochelle; Aniello Cerrato, 34, of Brooklyn;
Thomas Graham, 51, and Supervisor Richard C. Hayes, 59, of Queens.

They were charged with bribe-receiving, a felony punishable by up to four years
in prison.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                             909 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 3, 2006 Friday

RAT GOTTI: I BRIBED TOP POLS - FERRER & BX. DEM DENY JUNIOR CLAIM OF 200G
PAYOFFS

BYLINE: KATI CORNELL

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 582 words


In a bombshell rat session with the FBI, John "Junior" Gotti claimed he once
shelled out $200,000 in bribes to former mayoral candidate Fernando Ferrer and
other politicians in connection with a failed real estate deal in The Bronx,
sources said yesterday.

While secretly meeting with the feds in a failed bid to avoid prosecution, Gotti
told agents that $50,000 in bribe money went to Ferrer - then the Bronx borough
president - and another $20,000 to state Sen. Efrain Gonzalez in 1988.

Both Ferrer and Gonzalez adamantly denied the stunning accusations, which were
first reported on journalist Jerry Capeci's Web site, Gangland News.

"Anybody who would have made an offer like that would have been out on his ass,"
said Ferrer, who was running as a Democratic opponent to Mayor Bloomberg at the
time Gotti secretly met with the feds in January 2005.

Gotti claimed the bribe money was paid through intermediaries in connection with
the purchase of a $3.2 million South Bronx rail yard known as Oak Point - a land
deal inked by the former Gambino crime-family leader's then-business partner,
David Norkin.

The mob scion detailed how he and Norkin initially planned to develop the
28-acre site, but later set the wheels in motion to sell it to the city for $20
million as part of a proposed $276 million jail - a deal that never went to
fruition, sources said.

Beyond the $70,000 for Ferrer and Gonzalez, Gotti claimed he forked over another
$125,000 in bribe money to the law firm Davidoff & Malito, to be paid out to
others with political influence - an allegation the firm denies.

Gotti even told the feds he personally met with Ferrer on one occasion - using
the alias "John Russo."

When it came to the cash, Gotti said he gave his close pal Gambino associate
Michael McLaughlin two installments of $25,000 to deliver to Norkin, who in turn
passed it on to Ferrer.

"Mr. Norkin is in a lot of trouble with Mr. Gotti, because he beat him out of
$50,000," said Ferrer, adding that he has not been contacted by prosecutors, the
FBI or any other authorities in connection with the bribe allegations since
Gotti told the tale last year.

A lawyer for Gonzalez, who is under indictment for unrelated bribe charges, was
equally adamant in his denials - and noted that his client wasn't elected as
state senator until Nov. 9, 1989, 10 months after Gotti obtained permits for the
site.

"There is absolutely no truth to this. The dates do not bear it out. The facts
do not bear it out. It would have made no sense at all," said defense lawyer
Murray Richman. "He was just a working stiff at a security company at the time."

"My client has not been involved, does not know Mr. Gotti, does not know the
person who is alleged to have given him the money."

Gotti said he met Gonzalez at a fund-raiser in The Bronx.

He claimed he sent a $20,000 bribe to Gonzalez through a Gambino capo, Joseph
"Joe Z" Zingaro.

As to the additional $125,000, Howard Druckman, a partner at Davidoff & Malito,
said, "It never happened."

"David Norkin was a client of ours maybe 20 years ago. If he was partners with
Gotti, we don't know that."

Gotti never managed to sell the Bronx site to the city and reportedly turned it
into a massive illegal dump.

During his secret session with the feds last year, Gotti dished dirt on the
politicians, his enemies and a few of his friends in a failed bid to avoid
prosecution on racketeering charges.

Gotti's lawyer, Charles Carnesi, declined comment yesterday.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DISHING DIRT: In a secret January 2005 meeting with the feds, "Junior"
Gotti (far left) claimed he paid $50,000 to former Bronx Borough President
Fernando Ferrer (left) and $20,000 to state Sen. Efrain Gonzalez. [Steven Hirsch
/ Splash News]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             910 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 12, 2005 Tuesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Paying bribes

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 490 words


INDONESIA, it is said, is a place so corrupt that would-be police officers have
to bribe their way into the police academy. Bribery is so common that it even
has an informal price list -- so much for a drivers license, so much for a deed,
etc.

At the average business, 10 percent of costs go to buying off government
officials, according to a 2002 survey by the University of Indonesia. As The New
York Times reported in January: "It is taken for granted that no one does
business in Indonesia without paying bribes, routinely disguised as
'consultants' fees,' to government ministers and heads of agencies, many of whom
have retired with hundreds of thousands of dollars stashed in accounts in
Singapore and elsewhere."

The nation is a kleptocracy -- a government by thievery. So it's not very
surprising that minions for Monsanto spread more than $700,000 around the greedy
hands of Indonesian officials. The surprising thing would be to find a major
business that succeeds in Indonesia without greasing the bureaucrats.

It's against American law for an American company to bribe officials overseas.
And so, St. Louis-based Monsanto in January agreed to pay $1.5 million to settle
both criminal and civil charges brought against it by the U.S. Justice
Department and the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Monsanto wanted Indonesia to approve its genetically-modified cotton seed. Much
of the money was spread around by Monsanto's Indonesian affiliates. But in one
case, a senior Monsanto executive in Asia personally ordered a consultant to
"incentivize" a ranking Indonesian environmental official with $50,000. So far,
the matter has not sullied Monsanto's executive suite in Creve Coeur.

Monsanto faces limited competition for its bioengineered seeds in Indonesia. But
many American firms -- aircraft makers, other manufacturers, banks -- face stiff
foreign competition. If the competition pays bribes, and Americans won't,
American companies will lose sales in the kleptocracies of the world. That keeps
ill-gotten gain out of the hands of corrupt officials, but it also deprives the
people who live in such countries of valuable commodities -- like genetically
improved seed.

Rationalizations aside, Monsanto was wrong to bribe Indonsians. Winking at
corruption in order to win business for America is shortsighted. In the long
run, America benefits by honest dealing. By building good will abroad, we gain
friends, weaken our enemies and further our own national security. We also
diminish the poisonous suspicion that American companies operate nefariously in
foreign nations.

In settling with the government, Monsanto agreed to hire an independent
consultant to monitor its compliance with new anti-corruption controls and to
cooperate in continuing criminal probes. If Monsanto complies, criminal charges
will be dropped in three years. It's a fair settlement, considering the swamp of
corruption in which Monsanto found itself operating.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  MONSANTO

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             911 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 30, 2016 Saturday

New York City Official Sentenced In Manhattan Federal Court For Food Stamp
Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: New York



 Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New York has issued
the following news release:



   United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced that
HARRY FLETCHER was sentenced yesterday in Manhattan federal court to 36 months
in prison for taking more than $20,000 in bribes in exchange for awarding more
than $240,000 in food stamp benefits.  FLETCHER, a former official of the New
York City Human Resources Administration ("HRA"), was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Kevin T. Duffy.  FLETCHER pled guilty in April 2016 to one count of
soliciting and accepting bribes from various persons in exchange for enabling
those persons to receive Supplemental Nutrition Assistant Program ("SNAP,"
formerly known as Food Stamps) benefits for which they were not eligible.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Bharara said:  "As he admitted in court, Harry Fletcher
set up a scheme to receive bribes for providing illegitimate benefits.  By doing
so, he didn't just take advantage of New York City's social services system, he
abused some of the neediest and least fortunate in the City."



 According to the allegations in the Complaint and other documents, and
statements made in Manhattan federal court:



 The HRA provides temporary help to individuals and families with social service
and economic needs to assist them in reaching self-sufficiency.  Its services
include, among other things, providing food stamps to low-income families and
individuals.  Although the food stamp program is administered locally through
HRA, SNAP benefits are funded entirely by the federal government.  To apply for
SNAP benefits, an applicant must complete and sign an application form listing,
among other things, the applicant's income and financial assets.  HRA
Eligibility Specialists such as FLETCHER are supposed to interview SNAP program
applicants and review applicant documentation in order to determine if the
applicant is eligible to receive SNAP benefits.



 Beginning in 2009, FLETCHER approached two landlords, who are referred to in
the Complaint as CW-1 and CW-2, and who have pled guilty and are cooperating
with the Government, and offered to provide CW-1 and CW-2 with monthly SNAP
benefits in return for recurring bribe payments.  CW-1 and CW-2 agreed to pay
the bribes and, as a result, received tens of thousands of dollars of SNAP
benefits for which they were not eligible from 2009 through 2015.  CW-1 and CW-2
then recruited other individuals to the scheme, each of whom obtained monthly
SNAP benefits arranged by FLETCHER, without regard to whether the applicant
qualified for such benefits, in return for continued bribes.  In total, FLETCHER
accepted over $20,000 in bribes for improperly approving over $240,000 in SNAP
benefits to CW-1, CW-2, and the remaining defendants.  The applicants bribing
FLETCHER were ineligible for SNAP benefits due to their income or to the fact
that they did not reside in New York City and thus were not eligible for New
York City social service programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             912 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Washington: Former Corporate Executive Indicted for Executing Fraud and Money
Laundering Scheme Involving More Than $230 Million in Purchases

LENGTH: 922  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An indictment was unsealed this morning in federal court in the Eastern District
of New York charging Carl Fiorentino, the former president of computer and
electronics seller TigerDirect, with mail fraud, wire fraud, and money
laundering in connection with a scheme to defraud TigerDirect and its parent
company, Systemax Inc. ("Systemax"). Systemax is a publicly traded company with
headquarters in Port Washington, New York. According to the indictment, the
defendant personally took more than $7 million in commercial bribes and
kickbacks in return for steering more than $230 million in business to the
Taiwanese and California companies that paid the bribes and kickbacks.

The defendant was arrested by federal agents earlier today in Coral Gables,
Florida, and a search warrant was executed at his $8 million residence,
purchased with fraud proceeds. Later today, the defendant will appear for
arraignment before United States Magistrate Judge Edwin Torres in the Southern
District of Florida. The criminal case has been assigned to the Honorable Sandra
J. Feuerstein, United States District Judge for the Eastern District of New
York, in Central Islip, New York.

The arrest and charges were announced by Loretta E. Lynch, United States
Attorney for the Eastern District of New York; George Venizelos, Assistant
Director in Charge, Federal Bureau of Investigation, New York Field Office; and
Michael DePalma, Acting Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue Service,
Criminal Investigation, Miami, Florida.

"As alleged in the indictment and court papers, Carl Fiorentino abused his
position of trust, employing fraud and deceit to line his own pockets at the
expense of his employer and its public shareholders. Fiorentino had it all--a
lucrative job and a high-flying lifestyle. But as alleged in the indictment and
court papers, his loyalties were neither to his employer nor its public
shareholders but solely to himself. Fiorentino's greed spanned the Pacific Ocean
to pull companies from California to Taiwan into his bribery and kickback
scheme," stated United States Attorney Lynch. "We and our law enforcement
partners will vigorously pursue and prosecute to the fullest extent of the law
those who seek to profit by such fraud." Ms. Lynch expressed her grateful
appreciation to the FBI and IRS for their work on the investigation.

"As alleged, Fiorentino exploited his position to engage in blatant
self-dealing. He accepted bribes to abuse his purchasing power and direct
company business to specific suppliers. The suppliers' lavish kickbacks helped
finance Fiorentino's multi-million-dollar home. The FBI will continue to police
the kind of insider fraud that victimizes companies and their shareholders,"
stated FBI Assistant Director in Charge Venizelos.

"IRS-Criminal Investigation is committed to unraveling elaborate and complex
money laundering schemes leaving no financial stones unturned," stated Michael
J. De Palma, Acting Special Agent in Charge of IRS-Criminal Investigation, Miami
Field Office. "Those who abuse their position of trust to illegally enrich
themselves will be held accountable for their actions."

Beginning in January 2003 and continuing until April 2011, Fiorentino was the
president of TigerDirect, a subsidiary of Systemax Inc. that sold brand-name
computers and its own line of Ultra computers in its retail stores and via
mail-order catalogs and the Internet. In 2010 Systemax reported $3.5 billion in
net sales according to its 2010 SEC 10K filing. Among his duties as company
president, Fiorentino was responsible for selecting suppliers to provide
computer components, peripherals, and other products to TigerDirect. As alleged
in the indictment, beginning in 2003, Fiorentino entered into an illegal
agreement with the owner of a Taiwanese company to steer TigerDirect business to
his company by directing TigerDirect to purchase the Taiwanese company's
computer components in exchange for bribes and kickbacks that totaled $6.5
million dollars over the course of the conspiracy. In addition, between 2003 and
2007, Fiorentino received another $570,000 in bribes and kickbacks from a
California-based company that sold computer memory modules and flash memory
products. Fiorentino received the bribes and kickbacks through checks and wire
transfers payable to third party individuals and entities that he controlled.
Fiorentino used the proceeds of the fraud scheme to buy, among other things, an
$8 million home in Coral Gables, Florida.

As a result of the scheme, TigerDirect is alleged to have paid over $157,000,000
for the Taiwanese company's products and $80,000,000 for the California
company's products. Fiorentino concealed the scheme and kickback payments by
submitting false conflict of interest forms to Systemax and using a complex web
of wire transfers and shell companies.

The charges announced today are merely allegations, and the defendant is
presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty. The indictment charges
Fiorentino with mail fraud, wire fraud, conspiracy to commit mail and wire
fraud, and money laundering conspiracy. If convicted, he faces a maximum
sentence of 20 years' imprisonment on each of those charges, forfeiture of the
$8 million Coral Gables residence and over $7 million dollars, and a $250,000
fine.

The government's case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorney
Demetri Jones.

For more information aplease visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             913 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             July 21, 2011 Thursday
                                Suburban Edition

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A02

LENGTH: 239 words


A July 20 Fed Page article about how business groups are urging the
Environmental Protection Agency to delay new smog regulations incorrectly
described former Michigan governor John Engler as the head of the National
Association of Manufacturers. Engler held that post until January; he is now
president of the Business Roundtable.

A June 17 Economy & Business article about Capital One Bank's acquisition of ING
Direct USA misstated the year in which Capital One completed its acquisition of
Chevy Chase Bank. It was 2009, not 1999.

CLARIFICATION

A July 19 Metro article about the guilty plea of former Prince George's County
official Karl Granzow as part of an investigation of corruption in the county
said that Granzow offered bribes to public officials between 1997 and 2008. The
statement of facts filed in U.S. District Court in Greenbelt said that Granzow
was part of a conspiracy that offered the bribes; it did not specify which
member of the conspiracy offered the bribes.

The Washington Post is committed to correcting errors that appear in the
newspaper. Those interested in contacting the paper for that purpose can:

E-mail:corrections@washpost.com

Call: 202-334-6000, and ask to be connected to the desk involved - National,
Foreign, Metro, Style, Sports, Business or any of the weekly sections.

The ombudsman, who acts as the readers' representative, can be reached by
calling 202-334-7582 or e-mailing ombudsman@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             914 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                              May 5, 2011 Thursday

Altadena man pleads guilty to taking bribes as L.A. building inspector

BYLINE: City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 274 words


LOS ANGELES - An Altadena man and Los Angeles building inspector charged with
taking bribes pleaded guilty today to accepting thousands of dollars to approve
work at construction sites in South Los Angeles without making the required
checks.

Raoul Joseph Germain, 60, of Altadena, entered the plea in Los Angeles federal
court to one count of bribery involving programs that receive federal funds. He
is one of two men charged in the case.

Appearing before U.S. District Judge Christina A. Snyder, Germain acknowledged
taking $6,000 in bribes between November 2010 and January 2011 from an
undercover agent who was posing as a contractor, then signing inspection forms
for four houses, even though he never set foot on two of the properties.

Germain faces a maximum of 10 years in federal prison, a $250,000 fine and
restitution payments at sentencing Sept. 19, Assistant U.S. Attorney Cheryl L.
O'Connor said.

The prosecutor told Snyder that Germain had "cooperated and confessed his
involvement in the scheme."

The second defendant, Hugo Joel Gonzalez, 49, of Eagle Rock, pleaded not guilty
April 25 to the same charge and is set to face trial June 14.

Gonzalez is accused of accepting $9,000 in bribes in exchange for permit
approvals on residential construction projects, court papers show.

According to criminal complaints in the case, the FBI began an undercover
investigation of the inspectors last summer after an informant reported that
city of Los Angeles Department of Building and Safety inspectors took cash
bribes in exchange for permits.

Both inspectors are on administrative leave, according to a Department of
Building and Safety spokesman.

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             915 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            December 10, 2010 Friday

India complains over US pat down

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 424 words


India's foreign minister said yesterday it was unacceptable that the country's
ambassador to the United States was patted down by a security agent at a
Mississippi airport, and said he would complain to Washington.

The ambassador, Meera Shankar, was returning from giving a speech at Mississippi
State University last week when she was pulled out of line at the airport and
given a pat down by a female Transportation Security Administration agent.

The Clarion-Ledger newspaper of Jackson, Mississippi, quoted witnesses as saying
Shankar, who was wearing a sari, was told she was singled out for additional
screening because of her dress.

Foreign Minister S M Krishna said this was the second time the ambassador had
been singled out for a pat down in the past three months.

"Let me be very frank that this is unacceptable to India," he said. "We are
going to take it up with the government of United States, and I hope that things
could be resolved so that such unpleasant incidents do not recur." - AP

One in four pays bribes: study

One person in four worldwide paid a bribe during the past year, according to a
study released yesterday to mark International Anti-Corruption Day.

The study, by the Berlin-based Transparency International, focuses on
small-scale bribery and was put together from polls conducted among more than
91,000 people in 86 countries and territories.

In the past 12 months, one in four paid a bribe to one of nine institutions,
such as health, education or tax authorities, according to the 2010 Global
Corruption Barometer.

But it was the police who proved most corrupt, according to the study, which
reported that 29 per cent of those having dealings with police said they had
paid a bribe.

Countries topping the list for reported bribe payments were Afghanistan,
Cambodia, Cameroon, India, Iraq, Liberia, Nigeria, the Palestinian territories,
Senegal, Sierre Leone and Uganda. - AFP

Taiwan producing cruise missiles

Taiwan has confirmed for the first time that it is mass-producing cruise
missiles, despite fast warming ties with China.

"Mass production of indigenous weapons is very smooth," Deputy Defence Minister
Chao Shih-chang told parliament.

"The problems with key parts and components that had previously stalled the
manufacturing have been tackled," he said in reply to queries raised by
legislator Lin Yu-fang.

The cruise missiles could be launched from land or sea, and would be capable of
hitting airports and missile bases in southeast China, as well as cities such as
Shanghai and Hong Kong, local media said.

- AFP

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                             916 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            October 4, 2007 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

Cash and a Cruise Traded for Contracts;
Silver Spring Man Pleads Guilty to Bribery in Record Maryland Corruption Case

BYLINE: Ruben Castaneda; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 757 words


The former owner and chief executive of a Silver Spring company admitted in
federal court yesterday that he bribed a government contracting official with
cash and paid for her passage on a Caribbean cruise in exchange for contracts to
provide security at federal buildings in Maryland and California worth more than
$130 million.

Michael B. Holiday, 50, of Silver Spring, a former Montgomery County police
officer, gave the official $35,000 stuffed in a shopping bag and another $10,000
in an envelope, according to a factual summary that Holiday acknowledged was
accurate. He pleaded guilty to bribery and tax evasion in U.S. District Court in
Greenbelt.

U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein said that, as measured by the value of the
contracts secured through bribery, it is the largest public corruption case ever
prosecuted in Maryland.

"Government employees are given broad discretion about how to spend taxpayer
money," Rosenstein said in an interview. "Their decisions must be based on which
contractor provides the best service to the public at the lowest price, not on
which contractor offers the best bribe to the employee at the highest price."

Holiday's company, Holiday International Security, which changed its name to
USProtect after Holiday sold it in 2003, has provided armed and unarmed security
guards for 18 federal agencies at 120 installations in 32 states and
territories, Rosenstein's office said.

Criminal charges were also filed yesterday against Dessie Ruth Nelson, the
former General Services Administration contracting official Holiday said he
bribed. Charging documents allege that Nelson, 65, of Oakland, Calif., accepted
more than $100,000 in bribes from Holiday and evaded taxes on the bribe
payments.

Another former official with the security company, Richard S. Hudec, 44, of
Naples, Fla., was charged yesterday with tax evasion and improperly concealing
material information from federal contracting officials, including prior
convictions for felony fraud, in connection with contracts worth more than $150
million.

U.S. District Judge Deborah K. Chasanow scheduled Holiday's sentencing for Jan.
23. Holiday remains free under the supervision of federal pre-trial services
officials, said Bruce V. Marcus, Holiday's attorney.

"Other than the unfortunate circumstances surrounding his business, Mr. Holiday
is a well-respected individual," Marcus said.

According to a Montgomery County police spokeswoman, Holiday was an officer with
the department from 1980 until he resigned in 1992. Marcus said Holiday had a
"stellar" record as a police officer.

In addition to bribery and tax evasion, Holiday pleaded guilty to transporting
child pornography by computer.

In April 2004, an undercover FBI agent, as part of an investigation into child
pornography, entered an Internet chat site called "Special Interests -- daddy we
shouldnt," according to the factual summary. In the chat room, the agent sent a
message: "room topic vids to trade."

That afternoon, Holiday sent the agent a computer message offering to trade
videos. Holiday later sent the agent an e-mail with an attached video file that
showed a prepubescent girl performing oral sex on an adult man, according to the
summary, which Holiday signed.

The tax evasion charge stems from Holiday's admitted failure to file federal
income tax returns each year from 2001 to 2004. According to the summary, he
received "substantial compensation" from the security firm during that time and
failed to pay more than $400,000 in federal taxes,

The summary says that Nelson twice awarded Holiday's company contracts for work
in California in instances in which it was not the lowest bidder, once in 2000
and once the following year. In 2002, Nelson helped the company win a contract
to provide security at Social Security Administration facilities in Baltimore,
the summary said.

Efforts to reach Nelson and Hudec yesterday were not successful. Nelson's home
phone number in Oakland is not listed, and there is no listing for Hudec in
Naples. Messages left seeking comment from their attorneys were not immediately
returned.

According to the complaint against Hudec, the company changed its name after it
was purchased by Hudec's wife. Company filings to federal agencies falsely
certified that neither it nor its principals had prior criminal and civil fraud
judgments.

Rosenstein announced the plea agreement and charges at a news conference in
Greenbelt. In the interview, he said the cash-stuffed shopping bag and envelope
"really demonstrate the egregious nature of this scheme."

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                             917 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 June 26, 1988, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Companies Challenge Brooklyn Navy Yard Leasing Practices

BYLINE: By SELWYN RAAB

SECTION: Section 1; Part 1, Page 26, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 825 words


As Federal authorities investigate a ship-repair company's allegation that it
was asked to pay a bribe to obtain drydock leases at the Brooklyn Navy Yard, two
more companies have accused yard officials of ignoring their bids for the
potentially valuable properties and treating them unfairly.

The owners of the companies, AnFrank Metal Fabricating Industries and the B and
A Marine Company, called on New York City officials to review the procedures
used by the Brooklyn Navy Yard Development Corporation to award the leases. The
corporation, a quasi-public agency, manages the 261-acre industrial park for the
city and leases the yard's six drydocks, five piers, factories and other
properties to private companies.

Unlike most city agencies, the corporation is not required to auction properties
to the highest qualified bidder or to advertise publicly that leases are
available.

''This is more or less a dictatorship,'' the president of the AnFrank company,
AnnMarie Gardini, said, referring to the corporation's drydock-leasing policies.
''They can pick and choose. There is nothing competitive about it.''

Chairman Cites Flexibility

Defending the yard's policies, David Lenefsky, chairman of the corporation's
board of directors, said proposals by AnFrank and B and A were rejected because
of the superior backgrounds of two competing companies.

Mr. Lenefsky said the corporation, under state law, has ''the flexibility to
act, as in the private sector, quickly and responsibly, and is not encumbered as
are some city agencies.''

Mr. Lenefsky said that under his administration, the number of tenants at the
yard had grown and that the corporation would show a profit of about $100,000
this year after a decade of deficits.

The Navy Yard properties are considered valuable because of a pending
ship-maintenance program by the Navy and because a proposed Navy base on Staten
Island is expected to generate millions of dollars in business annually. $70,000
Bribe-Solicitation Alleged George Fischer, president of the Fischer Marine
Repair Corporation in Brooklyn, said he had been told in March that the only way
he could get drydock leases was by paying a bribe of up to $70,000 to the
counsel for the yard, Charles E. Simpson.

Mr. Fischer, in interviews last month, said an auctioneer, Lawrence Lachant, who
has business interests at the yard, solicited him for the bribes, saying he was
acting on behalf of Mr. Simpson.

Mr. Simpson has called the allegations a lie. Mr. Lachant has refused to
comment.

The United States Attorney in Brooklyn, Andrew J. Maloney, whose office began
investigating Mr. Fischer's allegations in April, said Friday that the bribe
-attempt ''inquiry is continuing and officials of the Navy Yard have cooperated
fully.''

'Didn't Get a Fair Chance to Bid'

Mrs. Gardini and her husband, Frank Gardini, have operated the AnFrank company
out of the Navy Yard for two years. Mr. Gardini asserted in an interview that
since last December, yard officials declined to negotiate with him formally or
to specify on what terms the leases for five of the yard's six drydocks and
adjacent properties could be obtained.

''I didn't get a fair chance to bid,'' Bill Crokos, the president of B and A
Marine, said in an interview.

Mr. Crokos, who leases a pier site at the yard, said he told officials of the
development corporation last year that he wanted to compete for the three most
sought-after properties, Drydocks 4, 5 and 6. But, he said, he was given only
five days in February to present his proposals for Drydocks 5 and 6.

Drydocks 5 and 6 were awarded to the G. Marine Diesel Corporation and Drydock 4
was leased to Westly Thomas Industries, both of Brooklyn.

The president of G. Marine, Carlos Gomez, refused to be interviewed about his
dealings with the Navy Yard. John O'Dell, the president of Westly Thomas, a
company organized last year, said the complaints were ''sour grapes.''

Managerial Abilities Questioned

AnFrank's requests were rejected because the company lacked the financial and
managerial abilities to operate the properties, Mr. Lenefsky said. The bid by B
and A for Drydock 4, he maintained, was turned down because of the superior
record of the Westly Thomas company.

All the companies that competed for Drydocks 4, 5 and 6 were given the same five
days' notice in February because of a Navy requirement that the drydocks be
quickly upgraded to qualify for ship-maintenance contracts, Mr. Lenefsky said.

Mr. and Mrs. Gardini and Mr. Fischer said the president of the Navy Yard,
Richard J. Aniero, refused to provide them with guidelines as to how the leases
would be awarded and never formally replied to their proposals.

Mr. Aniero refused to discuss the complaints.

Mr. Lenefsky, a lawyer in Manhattan, said the leases had been awarded after a
review by an executive committee made up of himself and seven members of the
board of directors whom he designated.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             918 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 21, 1981, Friday, Late City Final Edition

BRIBE CASE TO BE PRESSED IN F.B.I. BRIDGEPORT SCAM

BYLINE: By MATTHEW L. WALD, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 4, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 460 words

DATELINE: BRIDGEPORT, Conn, Aug. 20


The state prosecutor for the Bridgeport area said today that he planned to press
charges against a man assigned by the Federal Bureau of Investigation to offer a
$30,000 bribe to the Bridgeport Police Superintendent.

The F.B.I. operative, Thomas Marra Jr., met Police Superintendent Joseph A.
Walsh in a parked car on Tuesday evening to offer the cash payment in return for
Mr. Walsh's influence in the award of a towing franchise.

The F.B.I. was bugging the transaction, but so were the city police. The police
arrested Mr. Marra, a convicted felon who has two auto theft charges pending in
Bridgeport, and kept the F.B.I.'s bugging equipment and a $5,000 down payment on
the bribe, over the objections of the Federal agents.

'An Unusual Situation'

''Right now, it is my intention that this case be prosecuted,'' said the state
prosecutor, Donald Browne, assistant state's attorney. ''Obviously, this is an
unusual factual situation. I don't think this has been experienced before in the
entire United States of America.''

He said he was still researching legal precedents.  ''I have no comment on the
whole area of possible prosecution of people other than Mr. Marra,'' he said.  A
spokesman for the F.B.I. declined comment beyond yesterday's brief explanation
that the operation had been approved and monitored by the Justice Department.

Mayor John C. Mandanici said he had ordered that the $5,000 bribe money be used
to buy toys for poor children at Christmas, and urged prosecution of the F.B.I.
agents involved.

''If I'd been there, I would have arrested them myself,'' he said.  ''They
committed a crime. They don't have the immunity people think they do.''

Denies a 'Deal Was Made'

Meanwhile, Mr. Marra acknowledged that he had been sentenced in Federal District
Court in Concord, N.H., to two years in prison for interstate transportation of
stolen autos, but said that ''no deal was made between me and the F.B.I.'' to
reduce the sentence. In an interview in his house in Bridgeport, Mr. Marra, 28
years old, said he was awaiting notification of where and when he would begin
serving his sentence. He would not say why he cooperated with the Federal
agents.

Mr. Marra was also convicted twice in 1978 for first-degree larceny and served a
year in prison. He is now free on bail on the two autotheft charges. According
to Mr. Browne, there was no deal with state prosecutors on the charges.

In offering the bribe, Mr. Marra was supposedly seeking to have the franchise
for towing stolen cars restored to a garage owned by his uncle, Bernard Marra.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             919 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

Bermuda's PM 'took bribes in health scam'

BYLINE: David Brown

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 34

LENGTH: 672 words


Bermuda's former premier has been accused of turning the island into the most
medically scanned place on earth in return for massive bribes.

Ewart Brown was one of the most powerful men in the British Overseas Territory,
one of the few remaining outposts of the empire.

The former premier, who is also a doctor, runs two of the island's leading
medical clinics and allegedly arranged for the nation's public healthcare system
to pay for thousands of unnecessary MRI and CT scans in return for kickbacks
from an American private hospital in Boston.

As a result Bermudians received twice as many scans as other comparable
populations, it is alleged. The Bermudian government has named Dr Brown as a
conspirator in a civil legal action against the American hospital for
"racketeering". A criminal investigation on the island has led to police raiding
the politician's clinics.

Patients were "subjected to excessive, medically unnecessary and frankly
dangerous scans" so that Dr Brown would receive "consulting fees" from the
hospital, the government claims in court documents. The politician used the
bribes with his wife, Wanda, to buy a $3 million mansion in Martha's Vineyard,
Massachusetts, apartments in New York and properties in the Turks and Caicos
Islands, it is alleged.

While in office, Dr Brown hosted the Queen during her visit to the island, met
President George W Bush and was photographed with his arm around the singer
Beyoncé.

The claims of years of abuse by Bermuda's most prominent citizen will be
embarrassing for the Foreign Office. Although the British-appointed governor is
not involved in running the island, the incumbent is expected to work closely
with the government and protect "key values".

Dr Brown, who is not a party to the civil claim, has dismissed the "countless
lies and ridiculous allegations" and said the legal action is an attempt to
"settle a political score". In a statement he added: "Why is Bermuda's own
attorney-general so hellbent on pursuing a vendetta against a former premier and
leader of Bermuda's opposition that he sacrifices the reputation of our entire
pristine jurisdiction by baselessly alleging political corruption when none has
been remotely proven?" Dr Brown competed in the 440 yards and 4x440 yards relay
for Bermuda in the 1966 British Empire and Commonwealth Games. His mother was
also an MP and an aunt was the island's first woman cabinet minister. He was
elected a Bermudian MP in 1993 and held several senior cabinet posts before
being appointed premier from 2006 to 2010.

The government claims that Dr Brown used his position to help the American
hospital receive preferential treatment when bidding for contacts, to give it
privileged access to patients and to help it make millions of dollars in
interpreting needless scans performed at his clinics.

He is accused of offering local doctors "kickbacks" of up to 17.5 per cent if
they referred patients to his clinics for scans.

Dr Brown allegedly scolded doctors when patients cancelled, telling one in an
email: "Two of yours cancelled because 'they are feeling better'! Not good
doc... You must screen better." Between 2004 and 2012 the rate of CT scans on
the island more than doubled from 75 per 1,000 people to 171. The number of MRI
scans also doubled to 84 per 1,000 people. Partially as a result, healthcare
costs rose from $7,000 per person in 2007 to $11,297 in 2013.

The US hospital allegedly paid Dr Brown millions of dollars in "consulting fees"
through to March last year while it allegedly received more than $40 million
from Bermudian public healthcare insurers.

Dr Brown's premiership was mired in controversy as the island's debt increased
from $300 million to $1 billion. He was accused of wasting taxpayers' money,
spending $265,000 in nine months on overseas travelincluding visiting the
seven-star Burj al Arab hotel in Dubai.

He attended a charity poker event organised by his son, Kevin Brown, at the
Playboy Mansion in Los Angeles that included prizes of holidays in Bermuda paid
for by the government.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ewart Brown entertained Beyoncé and the Queen as premier of Bermuda but
took kickbacks from a US hospital, the government claims

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2017 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             920 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 20, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Former Military Contractor Pleads Guilty for Paying Bribe to Army
Officer During Iraq War

LENGTH: 356  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

A former military contractor who ran two Kuwaiti companies during the Iraq War
pleaded guilty today for paying a $15,000 bribe to an Army National Guard
officer in exchange for the award of a contract to provide buses to the United
States Army, announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the
Justice Department's Criminal Division and U.S. Attorney Zane David Memeger of
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.

George H. Lee, 71, of Philadelphia, pleaded guilty today before U.S. District
Judge Joel H. Slomsky in the Eastern District of Pennsylvania to one count of
bribery of a public official.  Sentencing has been scheduled for July 7, 2015.

During his guilty plea, Lee admitted that as the president and chief executive
officer of American Logistics Services (ALS), a Kuwaiti company providing
supplies to the U.S. military in Iraq, he paid a $15,000 bribe to Lieutenant
Markus E. McClain in exchange for McClain's agreement to award an extension of a
lucrative bus contract to ALS.  Specifically, Lee admitted that in August 2004
several of his employees met with McClain at Camp Arifjan, Kuwait and offered
McClain $15,000 and a Rolex watch in exchange for McClain's agreement to award
the contract extension to ALS.  Lieutenant McClain initially declined, but one
month later Lee renewed the offer, and McClain accepted $15,000 to use his
official position to award the contract extension to ALS.

McClain previously pleaded guilty to one count of accepting a gratuity and is
awaiting sentencing.

The case is being investigated by the U.S. Army Criminal Investigation Command,
the Defense Criminal Investigative Service and the U.S. Department of Homeland
Security - Immigration and Customs Enforcement, and was previously investigated
by the Office of the Special Inspector General for Iraq Reconstruction.  The
case is being prosecuted by Trial Attorneys John Keller and Richard Evans of the
Criminal Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             921 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  June 12, 1993, SATURDAY, THREE STAR Edition

SUTCLIFFE APPEALS SUSPENSION

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 327 words


Baltimore Orioles players David Segui, Rick Sutcliffe and Alan Mills, suspended
for their part in a brawl Sunday against California, are appealing their
suspensions.  The players are eligible to play until the appeals have been
heard.  The New York Yankees placed infielder Mike Gallego on the disabled list
with a strained left hamstring and recalled St. Louisan Dave Silvestri from
Class AAA Columbus.  Gallego was hitting .320 with four homers and 17 RBIs.
Silvestri was hitting .272 with 12 homers and 34 RBIs in 58 games at Columbus.
The New York Mets traded All-Star shortstop Tony Fernandez to the Toronto Blue
Jays for outfielder Darrin Jackson. The Mets also cut lefthander Paul Gibson
(1-1) and called up righthander Dave Telgheder from their International League
club.  Major League Baseball is trying to bribe the members of Congress who are
reviewing the league's antitrust exemption with tickets to next month's All-Star
Game, former major-leaguer Jim Bunning says.  Bunning, now a Kentucky
congressman, sent out a "bribe alert" regarding the league's offer to sell
lawmakers tickets to the July 13th game at Camden Yards in Baltimore. Acting
baseball commissioner Bud Selig called the offer "a courtesy" made only because
of Baltimore's proximity to Washington.  An agreement to sell the Baltimore
Orioles for $141.3 million to a group of Cincinnati businessman headed by
William O. DeWitt Jr. was filed Friday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in New York.
The agreement, filed by attorneys for Orioles owner Eli Jacobs, would be the
highest amount in history paid for a baseball team. Philadelphia Phillies third
baseman Dave Hollins will undergo surgery for a broken bone in his right hand
and will be sidelined four to six weeks.  Hollins had been bothered with a sore
right hand earlier this season, but aggravated the problem Thursday against the
Mets. He left the game after one swing.  Hollins is hitting .288 with 47 RBIs in
58 games.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: Photo By AP - Chuck Laird (center) of Morris upends Belleville West's
Jason Feazel while stealing second base in the Class AA Illinois baseball
quarterfinals in Geneva. Sean Keefe (left) backs up the play. Morris won 2-1.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             922 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            August 18, 2011 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CITY WIRE

BYLINE: By Mike Jaccarino Reuven Blau Rocco Parascandola Scott Shifrel

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 303 words


Threatens wife, busted

A SCHOOL safety agent was charged with aggravated harassment after calling his
estranged wife and threatening to kill her, police said yesterday.

Alberto Nogueira, 48, was suspended without pay after his arrest in Washington
Heights. He made the call on Monday while off duty, and his wife reported it to
police. A police source said Nogueira's wife had left him for another man.

Nogueira, an 11-year veteran, is assigned to the Bronx.

Rocco Parascandola

3 yrs. for Iraq war bribes

AN ARMY procurement officer was sentenced yesterday to three years in prison for
taking bribes while based in Baghdad.

Bryant Williams (right), 40, was a 101st Airborne Division captain in charge of
buying supplies and selecting contractors. He was convicted in December by a
Manhattan Federal Court jury of forging bids, collecting forged bids from others
and, once, using a firearm to demand a bribe from a contractor.

Scott Shifrel

A no-go for Bratton

ONE-TIME NYPD Commissioner William Bratton's flirtation with Britain's top cop
post has ended, The New York Times is reporting.

Facing opposition from fellow Britons to a foreigner in the spot, Prime Minister
David Cameron withdrew his proposal to install Bratton in the vacant post of
commissioner of Scotland Yard, the paper said.

The former Scotland Yard chief resigned amid criticism that the British police
ignored illegal phone hacking by journalists at the tabloid News of the World.

Mike Jaccarino

Council immigration bill

THE CITY Council yesterday introduced legislation to limit the power of federal
immigration officers on Rikers Island. Federal immigration enforcement agents
have detained and deported hundreds of inmates charged with a variety of
low-level crimes.

Many of those detained or kicked out of the country are never convicted of a
crime.

Reuven Blau

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                             923 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 1, 2016 Friday

New Jersey Doctor Pleads Guilty In Connection With Test Referral Scheme With New
Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 575  words


NEWARK, N.J.  A doctor with a practice in Clifton, New Jersey, today admitted
taking bribes in connection with a long-running and elaborate test referral
scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of Parsippany,
New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Juan Espindola, 58, of Montclair, New Jersey, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Stanley R. Chesler in Newark federal court to an information
charging him with violating the Federal Travel Act by accepting bribes to refer
patient blood specimens to BLS.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Espindola admitted that between April 2011 and June 2012, he received bribes of
approximately $1,500, largely on a monthly basis, from an individual working on
behalf of BLS, referred to in the information as Individual 1.

Individual 1 falsely characterized the payments as consulting fees and made the
payments via check. In reality, Espindola did not provide consultant services to
Individual 1 or BLS  the consultant fees were merely a sham intended to conceal
the bribe payments. In exchange, Espindola referred patient blood samples to
BLS. Espindolas referrals generated approximately $65,000 in lab business for
BLS.

The Travel Act charge to which Espindola pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of five years in prison and a $250,000 fine, or twice the
gross gain or loss from the offense. His sentencing is scheduled for Oct. 12,
2016.

The investigation has thus far resulted in 41 guilty pleas  27 of them from
doctors  in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case. The investigation has to date recovered more than
$12 million through forfeiture.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher; inspectors of the U.S. Postal
Inspection Service, under the direction of Acting Inspector in Charge Cynthia
Shoffner; the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector
General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert; and
IRSCriminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Jonathan D. Larsen, with the ongoing investigation.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish,
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorneys
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Barbara Ward,
Acting Chief of the offices Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Unit.

U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the New
Jersey U.S. Attorneys Office shortly after taking office, including creating a
stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both criminal and
civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud offenses. Since 2010,
the office has recovered more than $1.29 billion in health care fraud and
government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and forfeiture under
the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel: Robert Stahl, Esq., Westfield, New Jersey 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             924 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 9, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Parole Officer Heads to Prison for Accepting Bribes

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Crystal M. Washington, aka Crystal Bureau, 54, has been ordered to federal
prison following her convictions of accepting bribes from parolees and
conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute heroin, announced United States
Attorney Kenneth Magidson. Washington was employed as a parole officer at the
Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) office located on Hamilton Street in
Houston. A federal jury convicted her Dec. 10, 2013.

Today, U.S. District Judge Lee H. Rosenthal, who presided over the trial, handed
Washington a total sentence of 60 months of federal imprisonment to be
immediately followed by three years of supervised release.

Following the two-day trial last year, the jury found Washington accepted bribes
from a parolee--a suspected heroin dealer--from 2009 to 2012 and that she warned
the dealer of a Houston Police Department investigation in 2009. She was
convicted of conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute heroin as well as
conspiracy to commit extortion under color of official right for accepting money
from the dealer. Further evidence was presented which showed Washington
accepting money from a cooperating parolee in May 2012.

Washington was relieved of all duties and her employment terminated upon arrest.

Previously released on bond, Washington was taken into custody following the
sentencing today where she will remain pending transfer to a U.S. Bureau of
Prisons facility to be determined in the near future.

The operation was a combined public corruption task force effort by the FBI,
Houston Police Department, TDCJ-Office of Inspector General and the Texas
Rangers.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Jim McAlister
and Carolyn Ferko.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             925 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

Washington: Parole Officer Heads to Prison for Accepting Bribes

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Crystal M. Washington, aka Crystal Bureau, 54, has been ordered to federal
prison following her convictions of accepting bribes from parolees and
conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute heroin, announced United States
Attorney Kenneth Magidson. Washington was employed as a parole officer at the
Texas Department of Criminal Justice (TDCJ) office located on Hamilton Street in
Houston. A federal jury convicted her Dec. 10, 2013.

Today, U.S. District Judge Lee H. Rosenthal, who presided over the trial, handed
Washington a total sentence of 60 months of federal imprisonment to be
immediately followed by three years of supervised release.

Following the two-day trial last year, the jury found Washington accepted bribes
from a parolee--a suspected heroin dealer--from 2009 to 2012 and that she warned
the dealer of a Houston Police Department investigation in 2009. She was
convicted of conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute heroin as well as
conspiracy to commit extortion under color of official right for accepting money
from the dealer. Further evidence was presented which showed Washington
accepting money from a cooperating parolee in May 2012.

Washington was relieved of all duties and her employment terminated upon arrest.

Previously released on bond, Washington was taken into custody following the
sentencing today where she will remain pending transfer to a U.S. Bureau of
Prisons facility to be determined in the near future.

The operation was a combined public corruption task force effort by the FBI,
Houston Police Department, TDCJ-Office of Inspector General and the Texas
Rangers.

The case is being prosecuted by Assistant United States Attorneys Jim McAlister
and Carolyn Ferko.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             926 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      JULY 15, 2005 Friday JERSEY EDITION

Metropolitan Area News in Brief

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B07

LENGTH: 1059 words


Ocean Twp.'s former sewer chair admits taking bribes

The former chairman of the Ocean Township Sewerage Authority in Ocean County
pleaded guilty in federal court in Newark yesterday to taking $15,000 in bribes.

Stephen D. Kessler, 63, of Ocean Township, admitted to taking the money from a
representative of an engineering firm as a reward for giving contracts to the
company. He admitted to taking bribes from the firm dating back to the 1980s.

Kessler pleaded guilty to one count of extortion and could face a maximum of 20
years in prison when he is sentenced on Oct. 27. Kessler also admitted in court
to taking bribes to retain an accounting firm as the authority's bookkeeper. -
Troy Graham

College loans to be forgiven for social-service workers

EAST ORANGE, N.J. - In a bid to ease a projected shortage of social-service
workers, acting Gov. Richard J. Codey signed legislation yesterday to forgive
some college loans for graduates who go into that line of work.

Under the plan, for every year a participating college graduate works at a
mental-health or developmental-disability facility run by a county, the State of
New Jersey or a nonprofit that contracts with the state, he or she will receive
$5,000 in loan forgiveness, up to four years and $20,000.

"You can't blame these intelligent, qualified people for taking their careers
elsewhere - especially when their biggest expense is a college loan," said Codey
during a signing ceremony in East Orange. "By forgiving their loans, we will
make sure the best and the brightest provide the best possible care for our most
vulnerable residents."

The plan is scheduled to go into effect in January. - AP

N.J. man pleads guilty to having child pornography

A former church music director pleaded guilty in federal court in Trenton
yesterday to one count of possessing child pornography.

Philip Maue, 58, of Spring Lake, N.J., could face a maximum of 10 years in
prison when he is sentenced on Nov. 29.

Maue admitted in court that he had more than three images on his home computer
depicting minors under the age of 12 in sexually explicit poses. Maue, once the
musical director at Christ United Methodist Church in Lakewood, was indicted in
May. - Troy Graham

NJSIAA names Steve Timko as new executive director

ROBBINSVILLE, N.J. - The New Jersey State Interscholastic Athletic Association,
under heavy criticism for its spending practices, announced yesterday it has
promoted an assistant director to its top executive position.

Steve Timko will become executive director, a job being vacated by Boyd Sands,
who is retiring after 13 years.

A legislator last week called for the State Commission of Investigation to look
into allegations of financial abuses by the nonprofit organization, which
oversees high school athletic competition among 433 public, private and
parochial schools. Fans have complained about high admission prices for playoff
games, and the Record of Bergen County earlier this week published a series of
stories detailing the salaries and perks enjoyed by association officials,
including paid out-of-state travel with spouses and second pensions for the
retired educators who run the organization. - AP

Grant will fund study of 8th graders learning languages

The New Jersey Department of Education plans to use a $434,072 federal grant to
gauge how well eighth graders are learning foreign languages in school. The
results of the project will be used as baseline data to develop statewide
language-assessment guidelines and create programs for educators to help teach
languages more effectively.

During the three-year project, the department plans to test 60,000 students
studying French, Spanish, German, Italian, Chinese and Japanese. Officials
estimate that half of the state's 600 school districts will participate at some
point. Three pilot districts - Millville, Englewood and Newark - will test
eighth-grade language students in each of the three years of the project.

New Jersey's proposal was the largest of 11 state awards recently funded by the
U.S. Department of Education's Foreign Language Assistance program. - Inquirer
staff

Chiropractor, mother charged anew in fraud ring

A Northeast Philadelphia chiropractor and his mother, charged last year with
orchestrating $1 million in insurance fraud, were named in a second set of
charges yesterday by the Pennsylvania Attorney General's Office.

Richard Walinsky, 34, of Holland, Bucks County, who operated All-Care
Chiropractic in the 6700 block of Castor Avenue, and his mother, Eileen Nelson
Means, 57, of Palmyra, Burlington County, were charged with operating a
phony-accident ring between 1998 and 2003. A separate set of related charges
were filed last year against Walinsky, Means, and 21 patients who allegedly
filed false insurance claims.

Seventeen "runners," accused of recruiting patients who falsely claimed to be
accident victims, were charged yesterday along with Walinsky and Means. The
runners were paid $500 for each patient they recruited, according to the
charges.

Nils Frederiksen, a spokesman for Attorney General Tom Corbett, said more than
40 defendants now are charged in the case. He said the cases would be tried in
Montgomery County, where many of the insurance claims were filed. - L. Stuart
Ditzen

Man sought in rapes is arrested in Miami Beach

A former South Philadelphia man wanted by police since May on charges that he
raped two elderly women whose homes he visited posing as a doctor has been
arrested in Miami Beach by the FBI.

FBI officials in Philadelphia said Kevin Donahue, 31, formerly of the 2200 block
of South 15th Street, was arrested without incident at 10:30 p.m. Wednesday as
he walked in the 400 block of Lincoln Road in Miami's South Beach. Officials
said Donahue was being held without bail by Miami Beach police pending a hearing
to return him to Philadelphia.

Authorities said they believed Donahue fled the city after police here announced
in May that they were looking for him on a warrant charging him with rape,
harassment and related offenses in assaults on two women in their mid-70s.
Police say they have since received complaints that Donahue allegedly tried the
same ruse on 12 other South Philadelphia women, ages 70 to 86, between January
and May.

- Joseph A. Slobodzian

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             927 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Carleton Place

                           November 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Louisiana congressman gets 13-year sentence; longest term for US rep for
bribery

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Prosecutors called a former Louisiana congressman's corruption
the most extensive in the history of the U.S. Congress. His punishment delivered
a similar message.

William Jefferson, who hid $90,000 cash in his freezer, was sentenced Friday to
13 years in prison for taking bribes, the longest term ever imposed on a
congressman for bribery charges.

The 62-year-old Democrat who represented parts of New Orleans for nearly 20
years was convicted in August of taking about $500,000 in bribes and seeking
millions more in exchange for using his influence to broker business deals in
Africa. Jefferson is appealing the conviction.

U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III said public corruption was "a cancer on the
body politic."

"There must be some sort of greed virus that attacks those in power," said
Ellis, who lamented that so many other congressmen have been convicted on
similar charges.

But the other punishments weren't quite as severe. For example, former Rep.
Randy "Duke" Cunningham, a California Republican, was sentenced to more than
eight years in prison after pleading guilty in 2005 to taking $2.4 million in
bribes from defence contractors. Former Rep. Bob Ney, an Ohio Republican, was
sentenced to 2½ years in prison for taking bribes from lobbyist Jack Abramoff,
and ex-Rep. James Traficant, an Ohio Democrat, served a 7-year sentence after
being convicted in a 2002 trial of bribery and racketeering.

Defence attorneys were counting on those cases when they asked for less than 10
years; prosecutors wanted Jefferson to serve 27 years.

"His activity represented the most extensive and pervasive pattern of corruption
in the history of Congress," prosecutor Mark Lytle said.

Jefferson said nothing. His attorney advised him not to speak because he is
appealing his conviction.

Jefferson was allowed to remain free until a hearing next week. Prosecutors want
him to begin serving his sentence immediately, while the defence wants Jefferson
to remain free while he appeals his conviction.

Jefferson was also ordered to forfeit roughly $470,000 in bribery proceeds - the
government expects to seize Jefferson's retirement savings and other assets to
enforce the judgment. Jefferson, meanwhile, has filed for bankruptcy protection
and his wife is claiming rights to some of those assets.

Jefferson was convicted in August of 11 counts, including bribery and
racketeering, and acquitted on five others, including the one most closely
associated with the money in his freezer.

The investigation started in March 2005. In August of that year, FBI agents
searched Jefferson's Washington home and found the cash. Prosecutors said he had
planned to use the money to pay a bribe to the then-vice-president of Nigeria to
secure a multimillion-dollar telecommunications deal there, an accusation
Jefferson denied.

The money ended up in the freezer when a disgruntled businesswoman, Lori Mody,
agreed to wear a wire after telling the FBI she had been cheated out of $3.5
million in deals brokered by Jefferson. The jury saw videotape of Mody handing
over a suitcase filled with $100,000 cash outside an Arlington hotel. Most of
that money was recovered from the freezer.

The defence argued that Jefferson was acting as a private business consultant in
brokering the deals and his actions did not constitute bribery.

New Orleans voters had long been loyal to Jefferson, who in 1991 became
Louisiana's first African-American congressman since the Reconstruction era in
the years after the American Civil War ended in 1865. He rose from the poverty
of the Louisiana Delta parishes to prominence as a street-savvy political
tactician.

He was re-elected in 2006 even after news of the bribery scandal broke but was
indicted and then lost to Republican attorney Anh "Joseph" Cao about a year ago.

Several residents of Jefferson's former district said the sentence was just.

"I think it's sufficient considering his age," said Songy Turner, 56, of
Marrero, Louisiana, a New Orleans suburb. "I'm really hoping that the newer
politicians, the younger politicians, really consider being honest, really take
their job seriously and make an effort to make Louisiana honest."

Cristian Boise, 41, of New Orleans, said 13 years wasn't enough for Jefferson's
actions, which may have hurt the state's recovery from Hurricane Katrina.

"He abused the public trust," Boise said. "He hindered our recovery efforts, and
he really did this city a lot of harm at a time when it needed help."

-

Associated Press writer Stacey Plaisance in New Orleans contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             928 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                           November 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Louisiana congressman gets 13-year sentence; longest term for US rep for
bribery

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Prosecutors called a former Louisiana congressman's corruption
the most extensive in the history of the U.S. Congress. His punishment delivered
a similar message.

William Jefferson, who hid $90,000 cash in his freezer, was sentenced Friday to
13 years in prison for taking bribes, the longest term ever imposed on a
congressman for bribery charges.

The 62-year-old Democrat who represented parts of New Orleans for nearly 20
years was convicted in August of taking about $500,000 in bribes and seeking
millions more in exchange for using his influence to broker business deals in
Africa. Jefferson is appealing the conviction.

U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III said public corruption was "a cancer on the
body politic."

"There must be some sort of greed virus that attacks those in power," said
Ellis, who lamented that so many other congressmen have been convicted on
similar charges.

But the other punishments weren't quite as severe. For example, former Rep.
Randy "Duke" Cunningham, a California Republican, was sentenced to more than
eight years in prison after pleading guilty in 2005 to taking $2.4 million in
bribes from defence contractors. Former Rep. Bob Ney, an Ohio Republican, was
sentenced to 2½ years in prison for taking bribes from lobbyist Jack Abramoff,
and ex-Rep. James Traficant, an Ohio Democrat, served a 7-year sentence after
being convicted in a 2002 trial of bribery and racketeering.

Defence attorneys were counting on those cases when they asked for less than 10
years; prosecutors wanted Jefferson to serve 27 years.

"His activity represented the most extensive and pervasive pattern of corruption
in the history of Congress," prosecutor Mark Lytle said.

Jefferson said nothing. His attorney advised him not to speak because he is
appealing his conviction.

Jefferson was allowed to remain free until a hearing next week. Prosecutors want
him to begin serving his sentence immediately, while the defence wants Jefferson
to remain free while he appeals his conviction.

Jefferson was also ordered to forfeit roughly $470,000 in bribery proceeds - the
government expects to seize Jefferson's retirement savings and other assets to
enforce the judgment. Jefferson, meanwhile, has filed for bankruptcy protection
and his wife is claiming rights to some of those assets.

Jefferson was convicted in August of 11 counts, including bribery and
racketeering, and acquitted on five others, including the one most closely
associated with the money in his freezer.

The investigation started in March 2005. In August of that year, FBI agents
searched Jefferson's Washington home and found the cash. Prosecutors said he had
planned to use the money to pay a bribe to the then-vice-president of Nigeria to
secure a multimillion-dollar telecommunications deal there, an accusation
Jefferson denied.

The money ended up in the freezer when a disgruntled businesswoman, Lori Mody,
agreed to wear a wire after telling the FBI she had been cheated out of $3.5
million in deals brokered by Jefferson. The jury saw videotape of Mody handing
over a suitcase filled with $100,000 cash outside an Arlington hotel. Most of
that money was recovered from the freezer.

The defence argued that Jefferson was acting as a private business consultant in
brokering the deals and his actions did not constitute bribery.

New Orleans voters had long been loyal to Jefferson, who in 1991 became
Louisiana's first African-American congressman since the Reconstruction era in
the years after the American Civil War ended in 1865. He rose from the poverty
of the Louisiana Delta parishes to prominence as a street-savvy political
tactician.

He was re-elected in 2006 even after news of the bribery scandal broke but was
indicted and then lost to Republican attorney Anh "Joseph" Cao about a year ago.

Several residents of Jefferson's former district said the sentence was just.

"I think it's sufficient considering his age," said Songy Turner, 56, of
Marrero, Louisiana, a New Orleans suburb. "I'm really hoping that the newer
politicians, the younger politicians, really consider being honest, really take
their job seriously and make an effort to make Louisiana honest."

Cristian Boise, 41, of New Orleans, said 13 years wasn't enough for Jefferson's
actions, which may have hurt the state's recovery from Hurricane Katrina.

"He abused the public trust," Boise said. "He hindered our recovery efforts, and
he really did this city a lot of harm at a time when it needed help."

-

Associated Press writer Stacey Plaisance in New Orleans contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             929 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Waterloo Chronicle

                           November 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Ex-Louisiana congressman gets 13-year sentence; longest term for US rep for
bribery

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 757  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


ALEXANDRIA, Va. - Prosecutors called a former Louisiana congressman's corruption
the most extensive in the history of the U.S. Congress. His punishment delivered
a similar message.

William Jefferson, who hid $90,000 cash in his freezer, was sentenced Friday to
13 years in prison for taking bribes, the longest term ever imposed on a
congressman for bribery charges.

The 62-year-old Democrat who represented parts of New Orleans for nearly 20
years was convicted in August of taking about $500,000 in bribes and seeking
millions more in exchange for using his influence to broker business deals in
Africa. Jefferson is appealing the conviction.

U.S. District Judge T.S. Ellis III said public corruption was "a cancer on the
body politic."

"There must be some sort of greed virus that attacks those in power," said
Ellis, who lamented that so many other congressmen have been convicted on
similar charges.

But the other punishments weren't quite as severe. For example, former Rep.
Randy "Duke" Cunningham, a California Republican, was sentenced to more than
eight years in prison after pleading guilty in 2005 to taking $2.4 million in
bribes from defence contractors. Former Rep. Bob Ney, an Ohio Republican, was
sentenced to 2½ years in prison for taking bribes from lobbyist Jack Abramoff,
and ex-Rep. James Traficant, an Ohio Democrat, served a 7-year sentence after
being convicted in a 2002 trial of bribery and racketeering.

Defence attorneys were counting on those cases when they asked for less than 10
years; prosecutors wanted Jefferson to serve 27 years.

"His activity represented the most extensive and pervasive pattern of corruption
in the history of Congress," prosecutor Mark Lytle said.

Jefferson said nothing. His attorney advised him not to speak because he is
appealing his conviction.

Jefferson was allowed to remain free until a hearing next week. Prosecutors want
him to begin serving his sentence immediately, while the defence wants Jefferson
to remain free while he appeals his conviction.

Jefferson was also ordered to forfeit roughly $470,000 in bribery proceeds - the
government expects to seize Jefferson's retirement savings and other assets to
enforce the judgment. Jefferson, meanwhile, has filed for bankruptcy protection
and his wife is claiming rights to some of those assets.

Jefferson was convicted in August of 11 counts, including bribery and
racketeering, and acquitted on five others, including the one most closely
associated with the money in his freezer.

The investigation started in March 2005. In August of that year, FBI agents
searched Jefferson's Washington home and found the cash. Prosecutors said he had
planned to use the money to pay a bribe to the then-vice-president of Nigeria to
secure a multimillion-dollar telecommunications deal there, an accusation
Jefferson denied.

The money ended up in the freezer when a disgruntled businesswoman, Lori Mody,
agreed to wear a wire after telling the FBI she had been cheated out of $3.5
million in deals brokered by Jefferson. The jury saw videotape of Mody handing
over a suitcase filled with $100,000 cash outside an Arlington hotel. Most of
that money was recovered from the freezer.

The defence argued that Jefferson was acting as a private business consultant in
brokering the deals and his actions did not constitute bribery.

New Orleans voters had long been loyal to Jefferson, who in 1991 became
Louisiana's first African-American congressman since the Reconstruction era in
the years after the American Civil War ended in 1865. He rose from the poverty
of the Louisiana Delta parishes to prominence as a street-savvy political
tactician.

He was re-elected in 2006 even after news of the bribery scandal broke but was
indicted and then lost to Republican attorney Anh "Joseph" Cao about a year ago.

Several residents of Jefferson's former district said the sentence was just.

"I think it's sufficient considering his age," said Songy Turner, 56, of
Marrero, Louisiana, a New Orleans suburb. "I'm really hoping that the newer
politicians, the younger politicians, really consider being honest, really take
their job seriously and make an effort to make Louisiana honest."

Cristian Boise, 41, of New Orleans, said 13 years wasn't enough for Jefferson's
actions, which may have hurt the state's recovery from Hurricane Katrina.

"He abused the public trust," Boise said. "He hindered our recovery efforts, and
he really did this city a lot of harm at a time when it needed help."

-

Associated Press writer Stacey Plaisance in New Orleans contributed to this
report.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             930 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 17, 2015 Friday

Washington: Former Bergen County, New Jersey Democratic Chairman Convicted on
Racketeering Charges

LENGTH: 586  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A jury today convicted Joseph A. Ferriero, the former chairman of the Bergen
County Democratic Organization (BCDO), in connection with a racketeering scheme
involving fraud and soliciting and accepting bribes as a party official, U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Ferriero, 57, was found guilty following an eight-week trial before U.S.
District Judge Esther B. Salas in Newark federal court. The jury deliberated
four days before finding Ferriero guilty of conducting the BCDO's affairs
through a pattern of racketeering activity (Count One), using the mail and
facilities in interstate commerce to promote bribery and distribute bribe
proceeds (Count Three) and wire fraud (Count Five).

"Joseph Ferriero was convicted today of running a local political organization
as a criminal enterprise, using his power and position to line his pockets,"
U.S. Attorney Fishman said. "The evidence we presented at trial described a
racketeering operation that ran on influence peddling, bribes and kickbacks.
Rooting out and prosecuting this kind of political corruption is a constant
priority for this office. The people of New Jersey are entitled to honest public
service."

"Today's conviction of Joseph A. Ferriero reaffirms the FBI's commitment to
combat public corruption in New Jersey and serves as a reminder that those
individuals who violate the public's trust will be held accountable," Richard M.
Frankel, the FBI's Special Agent in Charge, Newark, said.

According to documents filed in this case and the evidence at trial:

Ferriero served as the chairman of the BCDO from 1998 until January 2009 and was
the sole member of SJC Consulting LLC. The jury found Ferriero accepted bribes
in his capacity as BCDO chairman in the course of a scheme involving SJC.
Ferriero agreed with John Carrino, a Nutley, New Jersey-based attorney and
software developer that Ferriero would recommend and provide a favorable opinion
of the software developer and his companies to various public officials in
Bergen County with whom Ferriero had influence. The software developer agreed to
pay Ferriero one-quarter to one-third of the gross receipts from any contract
obtained as a result of Ferriero's efforts. Ferriero's financial interest in the
software developer's public contracts was completely hidden using two shell
companies, one of which was created and incorporated in Nevada for the sole
purpose of contracting with and accepting payments from another shell company
controlled by the software developer.

The racketeering charge carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in
prison; the Travel Act charge carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison;
and the wire fraud charge carries a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in
prison. Each count of the indictment also carries a maximum $250,000 fine.
Sentencing is scheduled for July 27, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Frankel, and investigators from the U.S. Attorney's
Office, under the direction of Supervisory Criminal Investigator Thomas Mahoney,
with the investigation leading to today's conviction.

The government is represented by Counsel to the U.S. Attorney Rachael A. Honig
and Assistant U.S. Attorney Barbara Llanes of the Special Prosecutions Division
in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             931 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            August 6, 2009, Thursday

Cash-in-freezer congressman found guilty

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P5A

LENGTH: 264 words


ALEXANDRIA, Va. - A former Louisiana congressman was convicted Wednesday of
taking bribes in a case in which agents found $90,000 in his freezer.

Former Rep. William Jefferson, a Democrat who had represented parts of New
Orleans, was accused of accepting more than $400,000 in bribes and seeking
millions more in exchange for brokering business deals in Africa.

A federal jury convicted him on 11 of 16 counts, including bribery, racketeering
and money laundering.

Jefferson was stoic as the verdict was read and had little to say afterward,
deferring most questions to his lawyer. Asked how he was doing, he said, "I'm
holding up."

Defense lawyer Robert Trout said he will appeal the convictions. Jefferson was
acquitted of counts that included obstruction of justice and violating the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. He was the first official to be charged with
violating that act, which makes it illegal to bribe foreign government
officials.

The defense argued that Jefferson was acting as a private business consultant in
brokering the deals and that his actions did not constitute bribery under
federal law.

It took jurors five days to reach a decision after an eight-week trial that was
mostly government testimony.

The defense wrapped up its case in a matter of hours. Prosecutor Mark Lytle said
Jefferson could face more than 20 years in prison under federal sentencing
guidelines.

Jefferson is scheduled for sentencing on Oct. 30.

The jurors must return to the courthouse today to consider whether Jefferson has
to forfeit more than $450,000 in alleged bribe receipts.

-The Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                             932 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 17, 2015 Tuesday

Idaho: Brazil's Petrobras graft scandal widens

LENGTH: 267  words

DATELINE: Boise


The Spokesman-Review of Idaho has issued the following news release:

Brazilian prosecutors on Monday charged the treasurer of the ruling Workers'
Party with corruption in connection with a sprawling graft scheme at state-run
oil company Petrobras.

Party Treasurer Joao Vaccari Neto was hit with the charges for allegedly
disguising over $1.2 million in bribes as campaign contributions between 2008
and 2010.

In an emailed statement, Vaccari's attorney Luiz Flavio Borges D'Urso said he
didn't know the details of prosecutor's accusations but that his client denied
receiving any bribes or bringing any "illegal" money into the Workers' Party.

Prosecutors allege that Vaccari negotiated bribes with former Petrobras
executive Renato Duque, who was also charged Monday along with another 25
people. In total, more than 100 people are facing charges related to the
Petrobras case - and prosecutors have said they still have a lot of
investigative work to do.

The Petrobras graft scheme is labeled by federal prosecutors as the largest
corruption scheme uncovered in Brazil.

They allege that at least $800 million in bribes and other illegal funds were
paid by the nation's biggest construction and engineering firms to politically
appointed Petrobras executives, who not only enriched themselves but funneled
the money into the campaign coffers of the Workers' Party and its allies. In
return, the companies won lucrative and inflated contracts with the oil firm,
Brazil's biggest company.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: Idaho: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             933 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                           September 20, 2002 Friday

Court: Taxpayers can't sue governor over scandal;
Justices say only attorney general has that authority

BYLINE: ADRIANA COLINDRES State Capitol Bureau

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 726 words


Illinois taxpayers don't have the right to sue Gov. George Ryan and other former
secretary of state officials over the licenses-for-bribes scandal because only
the attorney general has that authority, the state Supreme Court ruled Thursday.

The 6-0 ruling relates to a lawsuit filed in 1999 by the Better Government
Association, a Chicago-based government watchdog group, and Michael Lyons. The
suit targeted Ryan, who was secretary of state before becoming governor, his
campaign fund and four ex-employees in the secretary of state's office: Scott
Fawell, Mark Sniegowski, Mike Chamness and John Chychula. The lawsuit, which the
BGA said was on taxpayers' behalf, sought to recover money and state resources
lost because of the licenses-for-bribes scandal.

That would include bribes paid into Ryan's campaign fund, salaries of the
defendants and the cost of retesting drivers suspected of participating in the
scheme, which involved some secretary of state's employees who accepted bribes
in exchange for commercial driver's licenses. Some of the bribe money wound up
in Ryan's campaign fund, and dozens of people subsequently have faced criminal
charges, although the governor has not been charged with wrongdoing.

But the Supreme Court said that the BGA and Lyons "lack constitutional standing"
to proceed with the lawsuit.

In an opinion written by Justice Thomas Kilbride, the court said the state is
the "real party in interest," rather than individual taxpayers, because only the
state would be entitled to any benefits from a successful lawsuit. And in that
situation, only the attorney general may represent the state.

As the state's chief law enforcement officer, the attorney general has wide
discretion in performing public duties, the opinion said. The attorney general
"is responsible for evaluating the evidence and other pertinent factors" to
determine what action to take, if any.

"The attorney general may have legitimate reasons for not taking action at a
particular time," Kilbride wrote. "For example, the attorney general may not
want to interfere with a pending investigation."

The Better Government Association has said it filed the lawsuit after Attorney
General Jim Ryan, who isn't related to the governor, declined to do so.

Lori Bolas, a spokeswoman for the attorney general, said Thursday that the
office was aware of a pending federal investigation at the time the lawsuit was
filed in 1999, and that was one factor in the decision not to sue.

Earlier this year, the U.S. attorney's office sent Jim Ryan a letter asking him
not to sue because it probably "would interfere with the pending federal
prosecution and ongoing investigation."

In a prepared statement, the head of the Better Government Association said the
court ruling is sad news for Illinois citizens "and for the foundational concept
that our government is 'of the people, by the people and for the people.'"

"In the face of the most pervasive corruption in state history and the
indictment and conviction of numerous George Ryan cronies, the state's highest
court has ruled that frustrated citizens must 'let the system work,'" said
executive director Terrance Norton. "In essence, the court has agreed that, in
reality, we have government of the politicians, by the politicians and for the
politicians."

"In the face of the most pervasive corruption in state history and the
indictment and conviction of numerous George Ryan cronies, the state's highest
court has ruled that frustrated citizens must 'let the system work,'" said
executive director Terrance Norton. "In essence, the court has agreed that, in
reality, we have government of the politicians, by the politicians and for the
politicians."

BGA staff attorney Jay Stewart said the organization was "baffled about" the
Supreme Court ruling.

"It has said: We're going to let the system do its thing," Stewart said in an
interview. "But I would argue the results of the system, at least these days,
certainly don't look too good."

In their opinion, the justices said they were "cognizant of the allegations of
deplorable conduct in this case" but could not change let that affect the way
they ruled.

Thursday's opinion upheld previous lower court rulings in the case. Supreme
Court Justice Philip Rarick, who joined the court earlier this month, took no
part in the case.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2002 The State Journal-Register


                             934 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                             May 5, 1994, Thursday

Bribery case in India targets Georgian He's accused of aiding father in alleged
contract conspiracy

BYLINE: By Peter Mantius STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section A; Page 8

LENGTH: 348 words


A Marietta man played a key role in a massive bribery conspiracy between several
international steel companies and the former chairman of the Steel Authority of
India, authorities in New Delhi have charged.

Federal prosecutors in Atlanta have agreed to help Indian officials investigate
Jayakar Krishnamurthy, son of the Indian public official said to be at the heart
of the scandal.

The Central Bureau of Investigation, India's equivalent of the FBI, wants sworn
testimony from the son and documents related to his interests in companies in
Atlanta and elsewhere.

Indian officials say the father, Venketaraman Krishnamurthy, received more than
$ 10 million in bribes between 1982 and 1991 in exchange for his influence over
Indian steel contracts. The bribes allegedly were paid by Sumitomo Corp.,
Mitsubishi Corp. and Nissho Iwai Corp. of Japan and the U.S. firm Combustion
Engineering and several U.S. affiliates.

According to charges filed in India, the bribes were paid to companies contro
lled by Venketaraman Krishnamurthy, his sons in Georgia and New Jersey and Binoy
Jacob of New Delhi.

The four men have been charged with conspiracy to violate India's public
corruption laws. The steel companies apparently have not been charged.

Investigators say many of the bribes were deposited in accounts at a Hong Kong
branch of the Bank of Credit and Commerce International. BCCI, which has been
implicated in bribery schemes in several countries, collapsed in 1991 in what
has been called the largest financial fraud in history.

Indian CBI agents asked for details on an Atlanta company identified as Sytek.
Records of the Georgia secretary of state list Jayakar Krishnamurthy as chief
executive officer of Sytek/Benkiser Inc., Sytek/Mascon Inc. and six other
Georgia companies.

He was unavailable for comment.

An official at the Indian Embassy declined to say whether his country also was
seeking the extradition of Venketaraman Krishnamurthy's sons from the United
States.

A spokesman for Combustion Engineering declined comment, saying she was unaware
of the case.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH941260134

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             935 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Scammer says he bribed diplomats;
Diploma mill operator tells;
court he paid for 'accreditation'

BYLINE: Bill Morlin Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 788 words


The operators of Spokane-based diploma mills used an Arizona man to pay three
top-ranking Liberian diplomats more than $43,000 in a series of cash bribes,
according to court documents filed Monday.

Richard John Novak admitted in U.S. District Court in Spokane that he paid the
bribes to senior Liberian diplomats in Washington, D.C., Liberia and Ghana, with
the money coming from the Spokane bank accounts of Dixie and Stephen Randock of
Colbert, Wash.

The Liberian diplomats, who aren't named in the public documents, allegedly took
the money after agreeing that  Liberia's Board of Education would provide
"accreditation" for Saint Regis University.

Federal investigators describe the online university as a worldwide fraud scheme
- one of several diploma mills operated in Mead, Hillyard and Post Falls by the
Randocks and six other co-conspirators.

With the accreditation, their diploma mill raked in $4.7 million in fraudulent
sales of an estimated 6,000 college degrees, about 40 percent of them to foreign
residents seeking entry into the United States, investigators say.

The bribes to the Liberian officials were carried out by Novak, formerly of
Spokane, who pleaded guilty in federal court to conspiracy and violating the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

Judge Lonnie Suko accepted Novak's two guilty pleas and allowed him to remain
free until sentencing, tentatively set for December. As part of his plea
bargain, Novak became the second of two conspirators to cut deals with the
Justice Department, agreeing to testify for the prosecution during a trial
scheduled for fall.

It is believed to be the first foreign bribery case filed in the Eastern
District of Washington, said Assistant U.S. Attorney George J.C. Jacobs, in
charge of the prosecution.

The federal prosecutor said he didn't know if the Liberian diplomats are still
in the United States. Because they have diplomatic immunity, the U.S. State
Department would have to approve charging the diplomats criminally - a tedious
and diplomatically sensitive process that may never occur.

One of the Liberian diplomats was secretly filmed accepting a cash bribe from
Novak in a Washington, D.C., hotel room after the U.S. Secret Service opened an
investigation triggered in part by a November 2003 story in The
Spokesman-Review.

Novak, who now lives in Peoria, Ariz., doesn't have a college degree and only
attended one year of Spokane Community College before beginning a career selling
cars.

But after joining the conspiracy in 2002, the car salesman was identified on the
Saint Regis University Web site as holding three doctorates  - in international
business, educational administration and psychology.

Dixie Randock, the court documents allege, instructed Novak in 2002 to travel to
Washington, D.C., to "obtain documents from the U.S. State Department and
foreign embassies for Saint Regis University and other diploma mill universities
she set up.

"The Liberian Consul subsequently informed Novak that if he paid $4,000 in U.S.
currency, the Liberian Consul would get him accreditation documents signed by
the Commissioner of Higher Education for the Republic of Liberia, stating that
Saint Regis University was accredited in Liberia," the court documents say.

When Novak told Dixie Randock that the Liberians were demanding cash bribes, she
"instructed him to pay the Liberian Consul and do whatever was necessary to
obtain accreditation from the Liberian government official."

In short order, the Saint Regis University's Web site claimed it was legitimate
and recognized by the Board of Education in Liberian as a distance-learning
operation.

But that attempt at credibility triggered a flood of telephone calls from
would-be purchasers of online degrees.

When Liberian embassy officials in Washington, D.C., complained of getting too
many phone calls, Dixie Randock agreed to pay more bribes - $400 a month to the
Liberian Consul to "validate inquiries from the public about the legitimacy of
Saint Regis University," the court documents say.

The money was wired from a bank in Spokane County to the Liberian Consul's
personal bank account, the court documents say. Between October 2002 and
September 2004, approximately $19,200 was wired from the Randocks' bank account
to the unidentified Liberian's account in Maryland.

Novak's guilty pleas mean he could spend as much as 10 years in prison and face
millions of dollars in fines. He will testify against the Randocks and seven
other defendants.

Blake Alan Carlson, the owner of a Hillyard rubber stamp shop who provided the
embossed seals for the bogus college and high school degrees, pleaded guilty
earlier this month to involvement in the conspiracy.

He also agreed to become a prosecution witness.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             936 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

Washington: City Dispatcher and Three Tow Truck Operators Charged in Bribery
Conspiracy

LENGTH: 395  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An indictment was unsealed yesterday charging four people, including a
Philadelphia Police Department (PPD) dispatcher, in a conspiracy to give an
unfair advantage to certain tow truck operators in exchange for bribes,
announced United States Attorney Zane David Memeger. Dorian Parsley, 44, of
Philadelphia; Stepfon Flowers, 24, of Philadelphia; William Cheeseman, 42, of
Delran, New Jersey; and Chad Harris, 22, of Philadelphia, are charged with
conspiracy and bribery. Parsley, who was the dispatcher, and Flowers, are also
charged with honest services fraud.

According to the indictment, between February 2011 and December 2013, Parsley
used her position as a civilian radio dispatcher to provide confidential police
information, such as locations of automobile accidents, locations of PPD squad
cars, and vehicle registration information, to tow truck operators who provided
her with cash bribe payments. Stepfon Flowers, who worked for K&B Auto Body in
Philadelphia, allegedly paid Parsley $100 to $150, weekly, for the confidential
information.

In September 2012, the indictment alleges, Flowers connected William Cheeseman,
an owner of K&B Auto Body, with Parsley so that Cheeseman could also receive the
confidential police information in exchange for cash bribe payments. In April
2013, Chad Harris, a tow truck driver for K&B Auto Body, also received Parsley's
contact information allegedly for the same purpose. According to the indictment,
Parsley would surreptitiously text information that came into PPD dispatch from
her personal cellphone directly to those tow truck operators. For an additional
cash fee, Parsley allegedly agreed to provide certain tow truck operators with
the name and address of a vehicle owner by running the license plate and vehicle
registration through the PPD dispatch computer. PPD computers automatically
access the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) located in West Virginia
when a vehicle registration was inputted.

Flowers allegedly collected some of the weekly bribe payments for Parsley.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Philadelphia Police Department. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United
States Attorney Jennifer Chun Barry.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             937 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 9, 2014 Friday

Washington: City Dispatcher and Three Tow Truck Operators Charged in Bribery
Conspiracy

LENGTH: 395  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An indictment was unsealed yesterday charging four people, including a
Philadelphia Police Department (PPD) dispatcher, in a conspiracy to give an
unfair advantage to certain tow truck operators in exchange for bribes,
announced United States Attorney Zane David Memeger. Dorian Parsley, 44, of
Philadelphia; Stepfon Flowers, 24, of Philadelphia; William Cheeseman, 42, of
Delran, New Jersey; and Chad Harris, 22, of Philadelphia, are charged with
conspiracy and bribery. Parsley, who was the dispatcher, and Flowers, are also
charged with honest services fraud.

According to the indictment, between February 2011 and December 2013, Parsley
used her position as a civilian radio dispatcher to provide confidential police
information, such as locations of automobile accidents, locations of PPD squad
cars, and vehicle registration information, to tow truck operators who provided
her with cash bribe payments. Stepfon Flowers, who worked for K&B Auto Body in
Philadelphia, allegedly paid Parsley $100 to $150, weekly, for the confidential
information.

In September 2012, the indictment alleges, Flowers connected William Cheeseman,
an owner of K&B Auto Body, with Parsley so that Cheeseman could also receive the
confidential police information in exchange for cash bribe payments. In April
2013, Chad Harris, a tow truck driver for K&B Auto Body, also received Parsley's
contact information allegedly for the same purpose. According to the indictment,
Parsley would surreptitiously text information that came into PPD dispatch from
her personal cellphone directly to those tow truck operators. For an additional
cash fee, Parsley allegedly agreed to provide certain tow truck operators with
the name and address of a vehicle owner by running the license plate and vehicle
registration through the PPD dispatch computer. PPD computers automatically
access the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) located in West Virginia
when a vehicle registration was inputted.

Flowers allegedly collected some of the weekly bribe payments for Parsley.

The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the
Philadelphia Police Department. It is being prosecuted by Assistant United
States Attorney Jennifer Chun Barry.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             938 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 12, 1981, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

CHIEF DEMOCRAT IN BERGEN CITED IN BRIBE SCHEME

BYLINE: By ROBERT HANLEY, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 9, Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 476 words

DATELINE: HACKENSACK, N.J., Nov. 11


The Bergen County Democratic chairman and a state police sergeant were charged
today along with five other men in a conspiracy to bribe a state trooper.

New Jersey's Attorney General, James R. Zazzali, said in a short statement
released today in Trenton that the seven men had been issued summonses as part
of an investigation being conducted by his office and the state police. Mr.
Zazzali declined to comment beyond his statement.

The Democratic Party official, Vincent Rigolosi, 48 years old, of Edgewater, has
a private law practice here. He has served as County Democratic chairman for the
last three and a half years, and before that he was counsel to Bergen County.

Mr. Rigolosi could not be reached for comment last night. His secretary said he
and his wife were out for the evening.

A Home Is Searched

As part of the investigation, state troopers today searched the Englewood home
of Philip Lombardo, believed by law enforcement officials to head the New Jersey
branch of the crime family of the late Vito Genovese. No charges were filed
against Mr. Lombardo.

The state police sergeant charged in the case was identified only as Joseph
Lazaro. Mr. Zazzali did not provide other information about the officer or his
purported role in the conspiracy.

A second lawyer charged was identified as Donald Conway of Oradell, . a former
president of the New Jersey Bar Association. Phone messages left for Mr. Conway
were not returned.

The law offices here of both Mr. Rigolosi and Mr. Conway were also searched
after the issuance of search warrants, Mr. Zazzali's statement said.

The Attorney General said a state trooper investigating another matter had been
approached and offered a bribe to drop a complaint he was about to file in that
case. Mr. Zazzali would not say what the other case involved.

''He feigned acceptance of a bribe in order to further the investigation,'' Mr.
Zazzali said.  The other men involved in the case were identified as Joseph
Barcellona of Clifton; Louis Gatto of Totowa; Allan Wolshonak of Lodi, and Sam
Lazara of Lodi.

Mr. Zazzali said the police had also searched Mr. Wolshonak's home and and
Joey's Place, a restaurant in Clifton owned by Mr.  Barcellona.

All of the men except Mr. Conway were accused of conspiring to bribe and tamper
with a witness. Mr. Conway was accused of tampering with a witness.

The conspiracy was said to have occurred between July 19 and Oct.  22.  Evidence
gathered in the case is being presented to a state grand jury, Mr. Zazzali said.
The seven are required to appear tomorrow in State Superior Court in Trenton.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1981 The New York Times Company


                             939 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 2, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: New Jersey Pipe Supply Company Owner Sentenced to 32 Months in
Prison for Role in Fraud and Bribery Conspiracy in Power Generation Industry

LENGTH: 562  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 A New Jersey industrial pipe supply company and its owner were sentenced today
for conspiring to commit fraud and pay bribes to a purchasing manager at
Consolidated Edison of New York in return for the manager's efforts to steer
contracts to the company, the Department of Justice announced.





 Andrew Martingano, of Staten Island, New York, was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Deborah A. Batts of the Southern District of New York to 32 months and a
day in prison.  American Pipe Bending and Fabrication Co. Inc. of Edison, New
Jersey, was sentenced to pay a $150,000 criminal fine.  Martingano and American
Pipe were also sentenced to pay over $1.6 million in restitution, jointly and
severally with their co-conspirators, to the victim, Con Ed.  The company and
its owner pleaded guilty to committing wire fraud and conspiring to defraud Con
Ed on Aug. 15, 2012.



 According to court documents, Martingano and others agreed to pay approximately
$510,000 in cash bribes to James M. Woodason, a department manager of the
purchasing department at Con Ed.  In exchange for the bribes, Woodason steered
Con Ed industrial pipe supply contracts to American Pipe by secretly providing
Martingano with confidential competitor bid information, thereby causing Con Ed
to pay higher, non-competitive prices for materials.  At the time of Woodason's
arrest in August 2010, Woodason had already received approximately $45,000 in
cash bribes from Martingano and American Pipe.



 The department said the conspiracy took place from approximately January 2009
to August 2010.  In addition, Martingano and American Pipe defrauded Con Ed by
requesting a 14 percent price increase and basing that request on a fake email
purporting to document a "Steel Mill" price increase that American Pipe was
passing on to Con Ed.  These false and fraudulent price increase requests caused
actual losses to Con Ed in the amount of approximately $1.4 million and intended
losses of approximately $9.4 million.



 Con Ed is a regulated utility headquartered in Manhattan.  It provides electric
service to approximately 3.2 million customers, and gas service to approximately
1.1 million customers in New York City and Westchester County, New York.  Con Ed
received more than $10,000 in federal funding each year between 2003 through
2010, and cooperated with the department's investigation.



 Including Martingano and American Pipe, a total of five individuals and two
companies have been charged as part of this investigation and have been ordered
to serve a total of more than 16 years in prison and to pay criminal fines and
restitution of more than $3 million.



 The charges arose from an ongoing federal antitrust investigation of bid
rigging, bribery, fraud and tax-related offenses in the power generation
industry.  The investigation is being conducted by the Antitrust Division's New
York Office, with assistance from the FBI and the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation.  Anyone with information concerning bid rigging,
bribery, tax offenses or fraud in the power generation industry should contact
the FBI's New York Division at 212-384-3720 or the Antitrust Division's New York
Office.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             940 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                           Herald & Review (Illinois)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 4, 2009 Saturday

Investigation into 'bribe' offer begins; Stockard says Prince offered money for
vote

BYLINE: Kenneth Lowe, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 545 words


Apr. 4--DECATUR -- Macon County State's Attorney Jack Ahola said his office has
launched an investigation after city Councilwoman Betsy Stockard alleged during
a radio interview that she was offered a bribe in exchange for a vote.

On WSOY-AM's Byers & Co. on Thursday morning, Stockard said she was offered
money for changing her position on the responsible bidder ordinance the city
council has been considering. On the broadcast, Stockard did not name any person
or organization that approached her on the broadcast.

Stockard said Friday that in the broadcast, she was referring to a conversation
she had with Greater Decatur Chamber of Commerce President Randy Prince in
regard to the bidder ordinance the council will consider Monday.

During the conversation, she said Prince discussed possible contributions to her
campaign that went as high as $12,000. Stockard said she ended the conversation,
and that later, Prince called to apologize to her.

"I feel that it was said to me, 'If you change your vote, we could offer you up
to a certain amount of money,' " Stockard said. "I know that was said. (Prince)
did not say, 'I'm going to offer you a bribe.' I felt uncomfortable, but I don't
feel it was a direct bribe."

Prince said he had conversations with Stockard in which he tried to lobby her on
the responsible bidder ordinance and mentioned donations to her campaign, but
said he never offered Stockard a bribe and never discussed any monetary
contribution with her in the amount she described to the Herald & Review.

Prince said Stockard told him she would vote in favor of the responsible bidder
ordinance and that he told her he respected her decision.

Stockard was endorsed by the Central Illinois Political Action Committee, the
Chamber's fundraising arm, and has received financial support from it, as well
as from labor groups such as the Southern Illinois Laborers Political League and
the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers.

Ahola said Stockard was the only person his office questioned as of Friday, and
that it has not yet been determined whether a crime took place.

No charges have been filed.

Offering a bribe to a public official is a Class 2 felony, Ahola said.

Ahola said the investigation is continuing but declined to comment on whether
his office would be bringing in anyone else for questioning.

Stockard said she met with the state's attorney's office for questioning Friday
morning and gave an account of the incident but declined to comment further on
the investigation.

Stockard, a drug addiction counselor at the Decatur Correctional Center, has
served on the city council since 1997, when she became the first
African-American female to be on the council. Stockard is the only
African-American and the only female currently serving on the council. She is
running for her fourth term.

klowe@herald-review.com|421-7985

To see more of Herald & Review, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.herald-review.com Copyright (c) 2009, Herald & Review, Decatur, Ill.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090404-HV-Investigation-into-bribe
-offer-begins-Stockard-says-Prince-offered-money-for-vote-0404

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HV


                         Copyright 2009 Herald & Review


                             941 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 11, 1996 Saturday

FBI probes Boeing role in Bahamas plane sale

BYLINE: JACQUIE McNISH and PAUL WALDIE; GAM

LENGTH: 730 words


BY JACQUIE McNISH and PAUL WALDIE
The Globe and Mail
The Federal Bureau of Investigation has launched a criminal investigation
into Boeing Co.'s role in an alleged Bahamian bribe scheme involving its
former Toronto subsidiary de Havilland Inc.

Boeing is based in Seattle, and police sources said the local FBI
office began investigating the airplane manufacturer last month. The probe
is being directed by the U.S. Justice Department's fraud section in
Washington.

Sources said the FBI is focusing on Boeing's role in de Havilland's
sale of $64-million (U.S.) of commuter planes to BahamasAir in 1991. A
Bahamian Commission of Inquiry concluded last year that de Havilland paid
more than $1-million in bribes to cinch the sale.

Police and lawyers familiar with the BahamasAir case said FBI
investigators recently approached a number of individuals linked to the
plane sale to seek their co-operation. The police have warned that
subpoenas may be issued, sources said, but it is unclear whether a grand
jury has been convened to assist with the probe.

Spokesmen for the Department of Justice in Washington and the FBI in
Seattle declined to comment.

Boeing has repeatedly denied any wrongdoing in the BahamasAir sale and
yesterday a spokesman declined to comment on the FBI investigation. Boeing
sold de Havilland in 1992 to Bombardier Inc. of Montreal and the Ontario
government.

The FBI probe is the latest in a series of investigations into the
BahamasAir scandal that have involved police in Canada, the Bahamas and
Britain. The RCMP launched a criminal investigation last December. The
probe followed a report from the Bahamian commission last August that
concluded de Havilland and Boeing of Canada Ltd., a company that is
incorporated in Delaware, hired consultants "for the corrupt purpose of
passing on a bribe."

Although bribes and secret commissions are legal in many countries,
U.S. and, to a lesser extent, Canadian laws prohibit such payments.

The RCMP probe is focused primarily on the role of a de Havilland sales
director, Nomar Acuna. Police are also reviewing the actions of former
trade minister John Crosbie in government financing of the sale.

For Boeing, the FBI investigation could be very damaging. The U.S.
government is taking a hard line on corporate bribes as part of its
efforts to pressure foreign countries to curtail such corrupt sales
practices. If Boeing is found guilty of any involvement in the alleged
BahamasAir bribe scheme, the U.S. government would likely have to impose
stiff sanctions to set an example.

"It's not helpful to an industry or a company's reputation to get
caught up in one of these situations," said Joel Johnson, international
vice-president for the Aerospace Industries Association of America in
Washington.

Boeing could also find itself in trouble with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission if it is linked to the BahamasAir scheme. The company
signed an agreement in 1978 with the SEC to impose strict internal anti-
bribery policies after it acknowledged it paid more than $50-million in
special commissions and fees to international consultants to boost foreign
plane sales.

In its agreement with SEC, Boeing set up new policies requiring all
consultants to sign agreements prohibiting illegal payments. It also
agreed that new consultants would be approved in advance by a senior
executive. Evidence submitted in a related lawsuit shows that Ron Woodard,
now president of Boeing's commercial airline group, approved in 1991 the
hiring of Duncan Rapier as de Havilland's key consultant in the BahamasAir
sale. At the time, Mr. Woodard was president of Boeing Canada.

By approving Mr. Rapier, Boeing was bringing on board a 68-year-old
consultant with no aerospace or related industry experience. Furthermore,
his consulting company had no legal right to conduct business with
Bahamians.

"My job was to receive the money and make whatever payments were
necessary," Mr. Rapier told the Bahamian commission.

The investigation in the Bahamas has been stalled by a series of
lawsuits over the commission's findings. Several people named by the
commission are challenging its authority and conclusions.

At the same time, the RCMP's investigation has been slowed by efforts
to request evidence from the commission. It is understood that Ontario and
federal justice officials have yet to complete an official request to the
Bahamian government. The request is expected within the next month.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1996 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             942 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              December 15, 1983, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

3 CHICAGO JUDGES FACE BRIBE CHARGE

BYLINE: By E. R. SHIPP, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1148 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO, Dec. 14


Three present and former judges were among 10 men indicted today on charges of
corruption after a three-and-a-half-year Federal investigation of the Cook
County Circuit Court.

The undercover operation, called Operation Greylord, was conducted by the United
States Attorney's office and the Federal Bureau of Investigation with the
cooperation of local law-enforcement officials.

''Corruption within the Cook County judicial system was something that had been
rumored and suspected for many years in Chicago legal circles,'' said United
States Attorney Dan K. Webb, calling Greylord the longest undercover operation
in United States history.



Charge of Taking Bribes

Among those indicted by a Federal grand jury were Judge Wayne W. Olson, who was
charged with soliciting and receiving $9,530 in bribes from two lawyers, James
Costello and Bruce Roth. In addition, it was charged that Judge Olson had an
arrangement with Mr. Costello to be paid half the money the lawyer received as
refunds from bonds his clients posted as defendants in the judge's court.

John J. Devine, who resigned as an associate judge last summer after the Chicago
Bar Association issued a report critical of him, was charged with requiring
lawyers who practiced before him to pay him one third of the bond refunds they
received from cases in his court. He is also charged with taking bribes in two
cases.

Judge John M. Murphy was charged with soliciting and taking bribes in seven
cases from August 1981 to June 1983.

Judge Olson and Judge Murphy were suspended last week after Circuit Court
officials were told of the pending indictments. They will continue to draw their
salaries.

Also indicted were four lawyers, a court clerk, a police officer and a private
individual, all charged with soliciting, offering or paying bribes in attempts
to influence the outcome of cases in the criminal and traffic sections of the
county court system, which has more than 300 judges.

Mr. Webb said more indictments were expected because ''a number of individuals,
including lawyers, have agreed to cooperate and provide information about
judicial corruption.''

Project Started in 1980

This morning, a sergeant in the Chicago Police Department was found dead in his
home, apparently from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The sergeant, Roger
Murphy, had been assigned to the courtroom of Judge Murphy. The men are not
related. According to local news reports, Sergeant Murphy was to appear before
the Greylord grand jury today, but officials would not confirm that.

Mr. Webb said the undercover investigation began in early 1980 under United
States Attorney Thomas P. Sullivan and lasted until shortly before word of the
project became public in August.

Bernard Carey, who was the Cook County State's Attorney from 1972 to 1980, said
the investigation began after one of his assistants, Terrence Hake, expressed
frustration with the system and volunteered to become an undercover agent.

It has been widely reported that Mr. Hake posed as a prosecutor on the take and,
after leaving the State's Attorney's office, as a shady defense lawyer. Mr. Webb
would not comment on that aspect of the investigation.

Techniques Employed

Among the techniques used were the bugging of a judge's chambers, the secret
recording of telephone conversations, and the use of undercover F.B.I. agents
who posed as corrupt prosecutors and defense lawyers, and even as defendants and
victims of crimes. Phony cases were brought to court and a judge from elsewhere
in the state, Brocton D. Lockwood, worked as an undercover agent while
temporarily assigned to traffic court here.

Mr. Webb said that infiltrating the courts proved a difficult task because
''judicial corruption is carried out in a closed and secret environment that
does not easily welcome strangers.''

Many lawyers have expressed outrage that law-enforcement officials would use
such investigating techniques as bugging a judge's chambers. But others have
taken the attitude that the authorities did no more than was required to ferret
out corruption.

Thomas Z. Hayward Jr., president of the 19,000-member Chicago Bar Association,
said: ''For us to speak out on the tactics used would seem that we are defending
the individuals. They are going to have to stand on their own.''

Previous Corruption Cases

Chicagoans are not unaccustomed to periodic charges of wrongdoing by public
officials, including judges. In 1969, for instance, Chief Justice Roy Solfisburg
and Associate Justice Ray I. Klingbiel of the Illinois Supreme Court were forced
to resign under fire after a special commission concluded that both had engaged
in ''positive acts of impropriety.'' The justices had been charged with
accepting stock in the Civic Center Bank while the criminal appeal of one of the
bank's principal's was before their court.

Later that year, Louis Kizas, who had resigned his position as an associate
Circuit Court judge while charges were pending, pleaded guilty to 15 counts of
official misconduct. He was fined $15,000. Mr. Kizas had been charged with
accepting money for setting bonds for criminal defendants.

In 1973, Otto Kerner, a former Governor who was then a member of the United
States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit, was sentenced to three years in
prison and fined $50,000 after a seven-week trial in Chicago. He had been
convicted of bribery, perjury, conspiracy, mail fraud and income tax invasion,
stemming from the secret purchase and sale of race track stock while he was
Governor.

In 1975, the Illinois Courts Commission removed Judge James L. Oakey Jr. after a
determination that he had set up a dummy corporation so that he could continue
in business while sitting as a judge.

Seven Others Indicted

Those indicted today, in addition to the judges, were the following: Mr.
Costello, the attorney accused of

bribing Judge Olson and arranging to

pay him half the proceeds from

bonds posted by his clients. Dean Wolfson, an attorney, charged

with paying $450 in bribes to Mr.

Hake, the assistant state's attorney,

in connection with five cases. John G. Phillips, an attorney, charged

with extortion in a case that did not

arise from the Greylord investigation. Thomas G. Kangalos, an assistant
corporation counsel, charged with soliciting and receiving bribes to influence
his handling of cases. Ira Blackwood, a police officer assigned to traffic
court, charged with

soliciting and accepting bribes in 10

cases. Harold Conn, a deputy court clerk,

charged with soliciting and receiving

bribes on nine occasions. Alan Kaye, identified only as ''a private
individual,'' charged with seeking a $30,000 bribe from an F.B.I.

agent to give to a judge handling a divorce case and $10,000 from two

other people to influence the outcome

of their divorce cases.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Dan Webb (page B17); photo of Judge John Murphy (page B17);
photo of Judge John Devine (page B17); photo of Judge Wayne Olson (page B17);
photo of Judge Brtocton Lockwood (page B17)

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                             943 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 26, 2002, Tuesday

A RECORD $160M TAX RIPOFF 16 bureaucrats took bribes: feds

BYLINE: By ROBERT GEARTY and BILL HUTCHINSON DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 749 words

The biggest tax ripoff in the city's history was exposed yesterday as the feds
charged 16 bureaucrats with taking $10 million in bribes to lowball real estate
assessments - giving illegal tax breaks to owners of at least 500 Manhattan
buildings.

The scam has cost the cash-strapped city more than $160 million in real estate
taxes since 1997 - but officials fear rampant corruption in the Manhattan tax
assessors' office dates back to the 1960s.

At least one-third of the tax assessors in Manhattan were on the take and turned
their department into a "racketeering enterprise" that cheated New Yorkers out
of new schools and better city services, federal authorities discovered during a
two-year investigation.

"These defendants committed a breathtaking betrayal of the public trust," said
Manhattan U.S. Attorney James Comey in announcing the indictments of the city
tax assessors and two private tax consultants who worked for building owners.

"These folks sold their office and sold out the people of New York by taking
bribes," added Comey, who hopes to recoup the city's losses. "In doing so, they
undermined a bedrock of this city's finances - a fair and honest tax assessment
system."

The bribes - $500 to $15,000 a shot - were mostly handed out in cash during
secret meetings in fancy restaurants, according to the feds. Some of the
defendants, who make $50,000 to $60,000 a year, even went by code names like
Harry Potter, The Old Man and The King Maker, officials said.

"Everybody was getting a piece of the pie," said New York FBI chief Barry Mawn.
"They were protecting one another. It was kept very quiet. Everybody was
benefiting."

None of the property owners was indicted, but authorities said the case was
still under investigation.

The scandal likely will lead to reassessments of the more than 960,000
residential and commercial properties in the city - including many in
Manhattan's toniest neighborhoods.

"Unfortunately, there are bad people in the world and we've just got to have the
procedures in place to prevent them from doing things like this," said Mayor
Bloomberg, who has been trying to guide the city through its worst financial
crisis in a quarter century.

About 20% of the city's annual budget is derived from property taxes. $8 billion
in property Investigators so far have discovered 500 Manhattan properties that
were undervalued by tax assessors so owners could pay cheaper property tax
bills. Authorities said the properties are worth at least $8 billion combined.

The properties in question included a building at 450 Lexington Ave. that is
owned by the U.S. Postal Service. Other buildings include 1 United Nations Plaza
and 304 E. 45 St., both of which are owned by the United Nations.

Most of the bribes came from 85-year-old Albert Schussler of Manhattan, a tax
consultant for some of the wealthiest landowners in the city, authorities said.

The 572-count indictment charges that Schussler doled out millions of dollars in
bribes to tax assessors in return for lower property value assessments for his
clients.

Tax consultant Alan Edelstein, 52, of Glen Ridge, N.J., also was charged with
paying out bribes. One of Edelstein's brothers, Joel Edelstein, is among the tax
assessors accused of accepting payoffs.

Schussler and Alan Edelstein received higher fees from the owners based on how
low they could get the annual property tax bills, the indictment charges.

"We're reviewing the allegation," said Alan Edelstein's attorney, Steve
Brounstein, who refused to further comment.

Attorneys for the other defendants refused to comment.

The bribes cited in the indictments were made from 1997 through last summer -
boom times for real estate values in New York City.

But authorities believe the scam dated back to 1967, when, they say, Schussler
resigned from his job as a tax assessor and began handing out bribes.

Comey said federal investigators will try to recoup some of the the city's
losses.

They have begun proceedings to seize the Hamptons vacation home of accused tax
assessor John Coppa, 53, of the Bronx, and the Florida vacation home of accused
tax assessor Joseph Iovino, 51, of Queens.

Mawn said investigators learned of the scheme in early 2000 during the
prosecution of former tax assessor Joseph Marino, who was convicted of taking
$4.1 million in bribes from Schussler.

Schussler was not charged in the Marino case.

"That more or less opened the doors," Mawn said.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 27, 2002

CORRECTION: A story in yesterday's Daily News incorrectly reported that the
United Nations owns two buildings on a list of properties whose tax assessments
allegedly were kept artificially low. One property, 304 E. 45th St., is a
condominium building with multiple owners. The other, 1 United Nations Plaza, is
not on the list. The News regrets the error.

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS BY KRISTEN ARTZ Tax consultants Albert Schussler (photo left)
and Alan Edelstein are named as principal bribers in 572-count indictment that
charges historically huge tax ripoff.

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                             944 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

Mississippi: READING CONSULTANT SENTENCED FOR PAYING BRIBES TO FORMER GREENVILLE
SUPERINTENDENT

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Jackson


United States Attorney's Office for the Northern District of Mississippi has
issued the following press release:

Felicia C. Adams, United States Attorney for the Northern District of
Mississippi, Mississippi State Auditor Stacey Pickering, and Yessyka Santana,
Special Agent in Charge of the U.S. Department of Education Office of Inspector
General's Southeastern Regional Office announced that:

Edna Goble, 67, of Asheville, North Carolina, pled guilty to one count of
conspiracy to pay bribes in connection with federal program funds in violation
of 18 U.S.C. § 371 and was sentenced on June 19 by United States District Judge
Michael Mills in Oxford, Mississippi, to 30 months imprisonment.  Goble admitted
to paying bribes and kickbacks to Harvey Franklin, the former superintendent of
the Greenville Public School District, in connection with a contract for reading
services between the Greenville Public Schools and Edna Goble's company, Teach
Them to Read, Inc. d/b/a Early Detection Necessary Action.  In addition, Goble
was ordered to pay $1,041,432, joint and severally with Franklin, in restitution
to the Department of Education, sentenced to 3 years supervised release
following her term of imprisonment, and required to pay a $100 special
assessment.

"Today's action shows that Ms. Goble not only knowingly and willfully abused her
position of trust for personal gain, but did so at the expense of the
educational development of children. That is unacceptable," said Yessyka
Santana, Special Agent in Charge of the U.S. Department of Education Office of
Inspector General Southeastern Regional Office. "Deservedly, like her
cohort-in-crime former superintendent Franklin, she will be held accountable for
cheating Greenville's students."

"This is one of the more appalling cases that my Office has been involved in
since I became State Auditor," Auditor Pickering said. "Ms. Goble and Mr.
Franklin worked together to cheat and steal from the students of Greenville, and
I am glad both parties are being held accountable for their actions.

Felicia C. Adams, United States Attorney said, "The actions of Ms. Goble and Mr.
Franklin harmed the integrity of our public school system and adversely impacted
some of our more vulnerable citizens, the children of the Greenville Public
School District.  When individuals abuse the public trust, our office will
remain steadfast in prosecuting those individuals and ultimately ensuring that
justice is served."

This case was investigated by Special Agents of the Department of Education,
Office of Inspector General and the Office of the State Auditor for the State of
Mississippi and was prosecuted by the United States Attorney's Office for the
Northern District of Mississippi.

For more information please http://www.justice.gov/usao/msn

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             945 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            September 1, 2006 Friday

Editorial | Sloan El's Guilty Plea;
'People's champ' slugged Camden

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 350 words


Former Camden City Councilman Ali Sloan El, who called himself "the people's
champ," sucker punched the people when he admitted taking bribes while in
office.

Sloan El, 52, originally told reporters he took $10,000. But in pleading guilty
in federal court Wednesday, he said it was actually $36,000. Caught in a lie
again.

Sloan El and former Atlantic City Council President Craig Callaway confessed to
taking bribes from a contractor who sought work on redevelopment projects,
including two on the Camden waterfront. The contractor squealed to authorities
about the bribes after his arrest on an unrelated drug charge.

It's always disappointing when an elected official abuses the trust the public
has placed in him. It's hard to accept, even in New Jersey, which got its
reputation for public corruption the old-fashioned way: It earned it.

It was a particular disappointment in Sloan El's case, though. He led the charge
to remove Camden Mayor Milton Milan from office when Milan was under
investigation for corruption. Milan remained mayor until convicted in 2000 of
taking bribes from the mob.

Sloan El also was the leader of a grassroots effort in 2003 to block the state's
$175 million recovery plan for Camden. On balance, Sloan El had it wrong. The
proposal needed to go forward because it represented the best opportunity to
forge a public-private partnership to pull Camden from the economic despair it
has been in for decades.

Sloan El had plenty of reason to warn that some of the recovery money would end
up greasing the palms of political insiders.

But, in the end, he wanted his palm greased, too.

Sloan El says he took the money to fight the Camden County Democratic machine
run by George Norcross, which has always considered him a fly to be swatted. But
Sloan El's personal financial problems, including repossession of a car, are
well known.

Besides, what difference does the motive make? Sloan El did the crime. He let
down all those in Camden who cheered when he tried to speak truth to power. The
"people's champ" is down for the count. Will anyone step into the ring to take
his place?

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                             946 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                            November 2, 2012 Friday

IN BRIEF

SECTION: ; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 457 words


COLUMBUS

Man exonerated in '80s slayings

A judge has finally cleared the name of an Ohio man who spent more than five
years on death row for a pair of slayings he didn't commit.

The Columbus Dispatch reports that the ruling by a Franklin County Common Pleas
Judge on Wednesday declared Dale Johnston innocent in the 1982 slayings and
clears the way for him to seek compensation from the state.

Johnston was sentenced to die in 1984 for the shooting deaths of his teenage
stepdaughter and her fiance. Their bodies were cut up and buried in a cornfield
and thrown into the Hocking River in southeastern Ohio. The shaky case against
him toppled on appeal, and he was freed in 1990.

Another man confessed in 2008 to slaughtering the couple.

CLEVELAND

Former labor leader admits to bribes

A former Ohio labor leader could spend up to six years in prison after pleading
guilty in federal court to soliciting and receiving bribes.

The (Cleveland) Plain Dealer reports that Robert Peto pleaded guilty Wednesday
to six charges of soliciting and receiving bribes from an electrical contractor
and an investment broker.

The 58-year-old Peto served on the board of directors of the Cleveland-Cuyahoga
County Port Authority for eight years before resigning in August. He also served
as an officer in the Ohio and Vicinity Regional Council of Carpenters before
being removed in 2011.

Peto also pleaded guilty to two counts of conspiracy, plus tampering with a
witness and using his position as a public official to illegally obtain property
in return for an official act.

OREGON

9 students shaken up in bus wreck

Nine high school students near Toledo have been taken to a hospital with bumps
and bruises after a morning school bus accident.

The fire chief in suburban Oregon says none of the injuries are life
threatening.

The accident happened Thursday morning when the bus and a car collided.

Fire Chief Ed Ellis says the car may have crossed the center line before the
crash.

Twenty-nine students were on the bus along with a driver.

COLUMBUS

Woman charged in 2 shootings

A 41-year-old woman has been charged in shootings that left a man dead and a
woman injured on the city's south side.

Police say Mary L. Page was arrested hours after the shooting at her apartment,
located around the corner from where 39-year-old Marcus Leonard was fatally
wounded at about 6 p.m. Tuesday. The woman at whose apartment Leonard was
staying temporarily, 59-year-old Theresa Cooper, is in serious condition at
Grant Medical Center.

The Columbus Dispatch reports that Page has been charged with one count of
murder, but that police are searching for others who were involved in the
shootings. She is being held at Franklin County jail and is to appear in
municipal court on Thursday. WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                             947 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: New York Doctor Charged With Taking Bribes In Test-Referral Scheme
With New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A doctor practicing in Staten Island, New York, was charged today with
accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running and
elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.



 Thomas V. Savino, 57, of Staten Island, was indicted by a federal grand jury in
Newark. The indictment charges Savino with one count of conspiring to commit
violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal Travel Act and wire fraud;
three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute; three substantive
violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three substantive violations of wire
fraud. Savino will be arraigned at a later date.

 According to the indictment:

 From July 2012 through April 2013, Savino received cash bribes totaling at
least $25,000 from BLS employees and associates. Savino's referrals generated
approximately $375,000 in lab business for BLS.

 Savino is the fourth physician to be indicted in connection with the BLS
bribery scheme. Ahmed El Soury was indicted Dec. 13, 2016 and arraignment this
afternoon in Newark federal court. Brett Ostrager - who was indicted Aug. 11,
2015 and pleaded guilty on Dec. 22, 2015 - was sentenced on June 8, 2016 to 37
months in prison. Bernard Greenspan was indicted on March 14, 2016 and is
scheduled for trial on Jan. 31, 2017.

 The investigation has thus far resulted in 41 guilty pleas - 27 of them from
doctors - in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case.

 The investigation has to date recovered more than $12 million through
forfeiture. On June 28, 2016, BLS, which is no longer operational, pleaded
guilty and was required to forfeit all of its assets.

   The Anti-Kickback and Federal Travel Act counts are each punishable by a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison. The wire fraud charges are
each punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison. Each count
also carries a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the
offense.

 The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations,
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark; inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge James V.
Buthorn; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Scott J. Lampert with the ongoing investigation.

 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish and
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Barbara Ward,
Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Unit.

 U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $1.32 billion in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

 Defense counsel: Mauro M. Wolfe, Esq., New York, NY




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             948 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: New York Doctor Charged With Taking Bribes In Test-Referral Scheme
With New Jersey Clinical Lab

LENGTH: 692  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 A doctor practicing in Staten Island, New York, was charged today with
accepting bribes in exchange for test referrals as part of a long-running and
elaborate scheme operated by Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, New Jersey, its president and numerous associates, U.S. Attorney
Paul J. Fishman announced.



 Thomas V. Savino, 57, of Staten Island, was indicted by a federal grand jury in
Newark. The indictment charges Savino with one count of conspiring to commit
violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute, the Federal Travel Act and wire fraud;
three substantive violations of the Anti-Kickback Statute; three substantive
violations of the Federal Travel Act; and three substantive violations of wire
fraud. Savino will be arraigned at a later date.

 According to the indictment:

 From July 2012 through April 2013, Savino received cash bribes totaling at
least $25,000 from BLS employees and associates. Savino's referrals generated
approximately $375,000 in lab business for BLS.

 Savino is the fourth physician to be indicted in connection with the BLS
bribery scheme. Ahmed El Soury was indicted Dec. 13, 2016 and arraignment this
afternoon in Newark federal court. Brett Ostrager - who was indicted Aug. 11,
2015 and pleaded guilty on Dec. 22, 2015 - was sentenced on June 8, 2016 to 37
months in prison. Bernard Greenspan was indicted on March 14, 2016 and is
scheduled for trial on Jan. 31, 2017.

 The investigation has thus far resulted in 41 guilty pleas - 27 of them from
doctors - in connection with the bribery scheme, which its organizers have
admitted involved millions of dollars in bribes and resulted in more than $100
million in payments to BLS from Medicare and various private insurance
companies. It is believed to be the largest number of medical professionals ever
prosecuted in a bribery case.

 The investigation has to date recovered more than $12 million through
forfeiture. On June 28, 2016, BLS, which is no longer operational, pleaded
guilty and was required to forfeit all of its assets.

   The Anti-Kickback and Federal Travel Act counts are each punishable by a
maximum potential penalty of five years in prison. The wire fraud charges are
each punishable by a maximum potential penalty of 20 years in prison. Each count
also carries a maximum $250,000 fine, or twice the gross gain or loss from the
offense.

 The charges and allegations contained in the indictment are merely accusations,
and the defendant is presumed innocent unless and until proven guilty.

 U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction
of Special Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark; inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge James V.
Buthorn; IRS-Criminal Investigation, under the direction of Special Agent in
Charge Jonathan D. Larsen; and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
Office of Inspector General, under the direction of Special Agent in Charge
Scott J. Lampert with the ongoing investigation.

 The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Joseph N. Minish and
Danielle Alfonzo Walsman, and Jacob T. Elberg, Chief of the U.S. Attorney's
Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark, as well as Barbara Ward,
Acting Chief of the office's Asset Forfeiture and Money Laundering Unit.

 U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice at the
New Jersey U.S. Attorney's Office shortly after taking office, including
creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to handle both
criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care fraud
offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $1.32 billion in health
care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines, restitution and
forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and other
statutes.

 Defense counsel: Mauro M. Wolfe, Esq., New York, NY




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             949 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Indian Express

                            March 24, 2011 Thursday

US firm 'bribed' Customs panel judge, CBI steps in

BYLINE: Ritu Sarin

LENGTH: 564  words

DATELINE: New Delhi


It's taken quite a while but the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has now
begun probing allegations of bribes paid by a US company to a judge of the
Customs, Excise and Gold (Control) Appellate Tribunal (CEGAT).

Officials of the company, Houston-based Pride International, one of the world's
largest offshore drilling firms, are alleged to have paid bribes to the tune of
$500,000 for obtaining a favourable order from CEGAT way back in June 2003.

CEGAT's ruling, according to indictments served on the company by the US
Securities Exchange Commission in 2010, stated that the estimated gain to the
company from securing a favourable decision from the Indian tribunal was "at
least" $10 million.

While the indictment against Pride International and its French subsidiary,
Pride Forasol (which dealt with the Indian region) was widely publicised and, in
2010, the US companies agreed to pay penalties of over $156 million for bribing
government officials in India, Venezuela and Mexico, Indian agencies have only
now begun looking into the charges.

This follows Pride International's network being taken up as a case study at
last week's Interpol conference in Paris, which was also attended by an Indian
delegation comprising senior CBI and CVC officials.

CBI sources said that a preliminary investigation into the veracity of
allegations against officials of Pride Forasol and the CEGAT judge has been
initiated.

The US indictment, which charged Pride International and its subsidiaries with
violating provisions of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) had alleged
that officials of the companies "agreed to pay $500,000 into bank accounts in
Dubai in the name of third party entities with the intent that it would be
passed on to an Indian CEGAT judge to secure a favourable judicial decision for
Pride India relating to a litigation matter pending before the official
involving the payment of customs duties and penalties owed for a rig, the Pride
Pennsylvania..."

The indictment also noted how, "to conceal the bribe", the finance manager, with
knowledge of the scheme to bribe the Indian CEGAT judge, sent an email to the
assistant controller authorising the booking of the bribe payments by Pride
International's  subsidiary, Interdrill, as "regular fee" in a newly created
"miscellaneous fees" account. "In truth some or all of these payments were
intended to be bribes paid to the Indian CEGAT judge for the purpose of securing
a favourable judicial decision."

The Indian Express has learnt that following the CEGAT's order in favour of
Pride, the Tribunal's order led to litigation, in the Mumbai High Court and the
Supreme Court. These rulings give more details of the dispute: that Pride was
engaged on behalf of the Oil and Natural Gas Commission (ONGC) as contractor and
was carrying out drilling operations on its behalf in Indian territorial waters.

The dispute arose since the company stated that imported goods such as stores,
spares and other consumables required for use on the Oil Rig, Pride
Pennsylvania, cannot directly land on the rig and had to be routed via the
Mumbai seaport/airport.

The Mumbai Customs Department, however, slapped hefty Customs duties on the
company, which it disputed. The CEGAT had, in an order dated June 30, 2003,
ruled that "we do not find grounds for imposition of penalty" (by the Mumbai
Customs) and dismissed their petition before them.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 Indian Express, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                             950 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            August 22, 2015 Saturday

East Cleveland Man Charged for Trying to Bribe Councilman

LENGTH: 478  words


An East Cleveland businessman was charged for attempting to bribe a councilman
in that city in exchange for support in getting a liquor license, said Steven M.
Dettelbach, U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Ohio, and Stephen D.
Anthony, Special Agent in Charge of the Cleveland Office of the Federal Bureau
of Investigation.

Mukundkumar Patel, 52, was charged in a criminal information with one count of
bribery concerning programs receiving federal funds.

"This councilman acted as we expect all public officials would and immediately
reported a bribe offer to the FBI, who did great work following up," Dettelbach
said. "The lesson of this case is simple: 'briber beware.'"

"We will not tolerate individuals believing they can circumvent the law by
bribing a public official," Anthony said. "The FBI commends the public official
involved for adhering to his ethical principles by not accepting the bribe made
by this business owner."

Patel began renovating the former bar area of McCalls into a Convenient Food
Mart which would sell beer and wine. Doing so would require a liquor license,
which requires a written application endorsed by the city of East Cleveland,
according to the information.

Patel submitted a liquor license application. City officials told Patel they
were not inclined to endorse his application but would consider his request
after speaking with community stakeholders, according to the information.

On October 15, 2014, Patel met with an East Cleveland councilman, identified in
the charges only as Public Official 1, and offered to pay $2,000 if the
councilman would sign the application. The councilman refused and Patel raised
his offer to $3,000. The councilman again refused and Patel told the councilman
to name his price, according to the information.

Unbeknownst to Patel, the councilman contacted the FBI to report the bribe
solicitation. On Oct. 23, 2014, Patel again met with the councilman, who was
acting at the FBI's direction. Patel offered the councilman $4,000 up front and
$1,000 later in return for signing Patel's beer and wine application, according
to the information.

The next day, Patel and the councilman met again and Patel paid him $4,000 in
cash. The councilman turned the money over to the FBI, according to the
information.

This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Antoinette T. Bacon
following an investigation by the FBI.

If convicted, the defendant's sentence will be determined by the court after a
review of the federal sentencing guidelines and factors unique to the case,
including the defendant's prior criminal record (if any), the defendant's role
in the offense and the characteristics of the violation.

A charge not evidence of guilt. A defendant is entitled to a fair trial in which
it will be the government's burden to prove guilt beyond a reasonable doubt.
2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             951 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                November 3, 1995, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

MAYOR SAYS BRIBES BOUGHT 'GOOD LIFE'

BYLINE: Charles Bosworth Jr. Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 415 words


Defense attorneys in the federal racketeering trial of Thomas Venezia took turns
Thursday trying to portray a prosecution witness as a corrupt politician who
routinely took bribes and ran his city for his own benefit.

Mayor Sylvester Jackson of Washington Park finished three days of testimony in
which he said Venezia had paid him bribes of up to $ 2,000 a week to protect
Venezia's illegal gambling business and arrange political favors.

Jackson, 45, has pleaded guilty to racketeering charges. He testified against
Venezia, 52, of Belleville, and three others being tried on charges of operating
a multimillion-dollar gambling empire using video machines placed in dozens of
area taverns by Venezia's B&H Vending/Ace Music Co.

Under cross-examination by Venezia's attorney, Michael Metnick, Jackson denied
that he had taken bribes to protect prostitution or drugs. But he agreed that he
also has pleaded guilty to federal charges of taking bribes from another
businessman in Washington Park to protect an unrelated gambling operation.

When another defense attorney, Michael Costello,

asked what Jackson had done with the bribe money allegedly paid by Venezia,
Jackson responded, "I lived a good life."

Under intense questioning by Metnick, Jackson said he and Venezia had tried to
cover up plans to pay a bribe to a state liquor agent, Bonds Robinson, who they
believed was targeting Venezia's gambling business.

Metnick pointed out that the word "bribe" was never used in a conversation
between Jackson and Robinson that Robinson secretly recorded in August 1992.
Jackson agreed that he used the words "straight up and aboveboard" several times
when talking to Robinson.

But Jackson explained, "I used the phrase several times because I was trying to
keep from saying bribe." (THE FOLLOWING APPEARED IN THE 3* EDITION)

Under more questioning by Assistant U.S. Attorney Miriam Miqueion, Jackson said
Venezia was looking for a way to keep from paying cash directly to Robinson.
"But in reality, it was all about bribing Bonds Robinson," Jackson said.

Metnick argued that Robinson had been soliciting bribes from Venezia for some
time, and only turned to the FBI when Venezia refused to pay him. (THE FOLLOWING
APPEARED IN THE ILLINOIS FIVE STAR LIFT)

Venezia is being tried with his wife, Erin Griffin Venezia, 22; his former wife,
Sandra Venezia, 39, of Belleville; and Arthur Mowe, 64, of Caseyville, former
owner of a topless nightclub in Washington Park.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             952 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            February 2, 2014 Sunday

BRIBERY ISSUE DRAWS INQUIRY

BYLINE: CHARLIE FRAGO, Times Staff Writer

SECTION: CLEARWATER & NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 691 words

DATELINE: CLEARWATER



HIGHLIGHT: Clearwater requests corporate gift records from red-light camera
company Redflex.


City officials say Redflex Traffic Systems Inc. did nothing improper in 2011 to
win its contract with Clearwater to provide three red-light cameras.

But after allegations of bribery involving Redflex surfaced in Florida and
several other states, city administrators have requested corporate gift records
from the company.

Redflex has been embroiled in controversy across the country since one of its
executives filed a lawsuit last fall after he was fired for allegedly bribing
Chicago officials. The story was first reported by the Chicago Tribune late last
month.

The executive said company policy made no distinction between entertainment
expenses and "gratuities and bribes," which he said occurred in "dozens" of
municipalities in at least 13 states, including Florida.

Clearwater, Kissimmee and Jacksonville are the only cities in the state that
contract with Redflex, whose North American operations are based in Phoenix.
Clearwater's three-year, $153,720 yearly contract expires in 2015.

Clearwater's hands are clean, said City Manager Bill Horne.

"Everybody who works for the city knows that's not something we do," Horne said,
referring to accepting gifts, perks or bribes. "Nobody wants to go to jail."

Redflex has offered customers an audited report of gifts and gratuities given to
government officials or employees since January 2013. The city has requested
that report and will ask for similar data extending back to 2011, said Joelle
Castelli, a city spokeswoman.

The company didn't respond to a Tampa Bay Times requestfor comment, but emailed
a statement to city officials that was intended for the media.

"We are unaware of any unethical conduct related to our Florida accounts," the
statement read, adding that it denied claims made by Aaron Rosenberg, the former
executive vice president.

Rosenberg's attorney, James Burr Shields II, didn't return a call for comment.

The Clearwater City Council approved an initial six-month pilot project
utilizing Redflex services in November 2011 in a 3-2 vote. At that time, Frank
Hibbard was mayor and council members were Bill Jonson, John Doran, Paul Gibson
and George Cretekos. Hibbard, Doran and Jonson voted for the contract; Gibson
and Cretekos opposed it.

The Redflex representative, Charlie Buckels, acted professionally and never even
hinted at a bribe, Hibbard said.

"In a word: no," Doran said when asked if anything improper had occurred or been
offered. Doran had been the primary proponent of installing red-light cameras in
Clearwater.

Jonson also said no bribes or inappropriate gifts were offered. Cretekos said he
had no contact with Redflex. Gibson didn't return a call for comment.

Paul Bertels, the city's traffic operations manager, said Buckels "would have
been thrown out of the room" if he'd tried to bribe anyone on the city's
three-person staff selection committee.

Bertels, assistant city attorney Rob Surette and police Lt. David Dalton
reviewed five bids and selected three firms to come to Clearwater for
presentations.

Redflex, said Bertels, was "head and shoulders" above the other two firms. The
company tailored its presentation to answer specific questions that had been
asked by the city and offered a generous contract, he said.

Eager to expand its operations to the Sunshine State, Redflex previously had
avoided Florida because of a sketchy legal and legislative environment for
red-light cameras.

"They were trying to get their foot in the door in Florida," Surette said.

Surette and Dalton said nothing illegal was accepted or offered during the
negotiations.

Disclosures filed with the Florida Commission on Ethics don't show any gifts
received by Clearwater officials or given to them by Redflex.

The city "walked away with a fabulous deal" on the contract, Surette said.
Instead of Redflex taking a percentage of each $158 ticket for running a red
light, the company receives a $12,810 monthly service payment for the cameras,
which are posted at the intersections of Chesnut Street and Fort Harrison
Avenue, and Gulf-to-Bay Boulevard and Belcher Road.

Charlie Frago can be reached at cfrago@tampabay.com or (727) 445-4159. You can
follow him on Twitter @CharlieFrago.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - JIM DAMASKE - Times (2012): Clearwater pays $12,810 to Redflex
to use its red-light cameras at two intersections.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2014 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             953 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 21, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

Scammer says he bribed diplomats

BYLINE: Bill Morlin Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 795 words


The operators of Spokane-based diploma mills used an Arizona man to pay three
top-ranking Liberian diplomats more than $43,000 in a series of cash bribes,
according to court documents filed Monday.

Richard John Novak admitted in U.S. District Court in Spokane that he paid the
bribes to senior Liberian diplomats in Washington, D.C., Liberia and Ghana, with
the money coming from the Spokane bank accounts of Dixie and Stephen Randock of
Colbert, Wash.

The Liberian diplomats, who aren't named in the public documents, allegedly took
the money after agreeing that Liberia's Board of Education would provide
"accreditation" for Saint Regis University.

Federal investigators describe the online university as a worldwide fraud scheme
- one of several diploma mills operated in Mead, Hillyard and Post Falls by the
Randocks and six other co-conspirators.

With the accreditation, their diploma mill raked in $4.7 million in fraudulent
sales of an estimated 6,000 college degrees, about 40 percent of them to foreign
residents seeking entry into the United States, investigators say.

The bribes to the Liberian officials were carried out by Novak, formerly of
Spokane, who pleaded guilty in federal court to conspiracy and violating the
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act.

Judge Lonnie Suko accepted Novak's two guilty pleas and allowed him to remain
free until sentencing, tentatively set for December.

As part of his plea bargain, Novak became the second of two conspirators to cut
deals with the Justice Department, agreeing to testify for the prosecution
during a trial scheduled for fall.

It is believed to be the first foreign bribery case filed in the Eastern
District of Washington, said Assistant U.S. Attorney George J.C. Jacobs, in
charge of the prosecution.

The federal prosecutor said he didn't know if the Liberian diplomats are still
in the United States.

Because they have diplomatic immunity, the U.S. State Department would have to
approve charging the diplomats criminally - a tedious and diplomatically
sensitive process that may never occur.

One of the Liberian diplomats was secretly filmed accepting a cash bribe from
Novak in a Washington, D.C., hotel room after the U.S. Secret Service opened an
investigation triggered in part by a November 2003 story in The
Spokesman-Review.

Novak, who now lives in Peoria, Ariz., doesn't have a college degree and only
attended one year of Spokane Community College before beginning a career selling
cars.

But after joining the conspiracy in 2002, the car salesman was identified on the
Saint Regis University Web site as holding three doctorates - in international
business, educational administration and psychology.

'WHATEVER WAS NECESSARY'

Dixie Randock, the court documents allege, instructed Novak in 2002 to travel to
Washington, D.C., to "obtain documents from the U.S. State Department and
foreign embassies for Saint Regis University and other diploma mill universities
she set up.

"The Liberian Consul subsequently informed Novak that if he paid $4,000 in U.S.
currency, the Liberian Consul would get him accreditation documents signed by
the Commissioner of Higher Education for the Republic of Liberia, stating that
Saint Regis University was accredited in Liberia," the court documents say.

When Novak told Dixie Randock that the Liberians were demanding cash bribes, she
"instructed him to pay the Liberian Consul and do whatever was necessary to
obtain accreditation from the Liberian government official."

In short order, the Saint Regis University's Web site claimed it was legitimate
and recognized by the Board of Education in Liberian as a distance-learning
operation.

But that attempt at credibility triggered a flood of telephone calls from
would-be purchasers of online degrees.

When Liberian embassy officials in Washington, D.C., complained of getting too
many phone calls, Dixie Randock agreed to pay more bribes - $400 a month to the
Liberian Consul to "validate inquiries from the public about the legitimacy of
Saint Regis University," the court documents say.

The money was wired from a bank in Spokane County to the Liberian Consul's
personal bank account, the court documents say.

ABOUT $19,200 WIRED

Between October 2002 and September 2004, approximately $19,200 was wired from
the Randocks' bank account to the unidentified Liberian's account in Maryland.

Novak's guilty pleas mean he could spend as much as 10 years in prison and face
millions of dollars in fines. He will testify against the Randocks and seven
other defendants.

Blake Alan Carlson, the owner of a Hillyard rubber stamp shop who provided the
embossed seals for the bogus college and high school degrees, pleaded guilty
earlier this month to involvement in the conspiracy.

He also agreed to become a prosecution witness.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Bill Morlin can be reached at (509) 459-5444 or by e-mail at
billm@spokesman.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                             954 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 6, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Top Republican on a House Panel Is Charged With Accepting Bribes

BYLINE: By MICHAEL deCOURCY HINDS,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 1034 words

DATELINE: PHILADELPHIA, May 5


A Federal grand jury today indicted United States Representative Joseph M.
McDade, the ranking Republican on the House Appropriations Committee and on its
military subcommittee, on charges of racketeering, conspiracy and accepting
bribes from five military contractors and an industry lobbyist.

According to the five-count indictment, Mr. McDade was charged with receiving
scores of bribes and gifts, including a golfing umbrella, $7,500 for his son's
college tuition and $15,750 in "sham campaign contributions" from one
contractor. The document said Mr. McDade had solicited some of the gifts.

$100,000 in All

In all, prosecutors say, Mr. McDade received about $100,000 in cash, gifts and
services from contractors and their lobbyists from 1983 to 1988. In return, the
indictment says, Mr. McDade used his powerful position in the House to obtain
Government contracts for the companies.

The document also charges that Mr. McDade concealed the bribes by repeatedly
falsifying financial statements that he is required to file under Federal
disclosure laws.

Most of the charges in the indictment involve United Chem-Con Corporation, which
was based in Lancaster, Pa., and is now defunct. But some charges involve
Westland Corporation, an oil company in Conroe, Tex., GSGS & B, a Scranton
architectural firm, and two Long Island contractors, the Grumman Corporation and
the Sperry Corporation, which is now called the Unisys-Paramax Corporation.

Lobbyist and Executive Named

The individuals named in the indictment were James Kane, a Sperry lobbyist who
is now deceased, and Charles Gardner, a former Sperry vice president who was
convicted of conspiracy, bribery and tax offenses in Virginia in another case
involving a military contractor last year.

None of the corporations or lobbyists were charged in the indictment.

Mr. McDade, who is 60 and the dean of Pennsylvania's Congressional delegation,
denies the charges, saying in a five-page statement on Monday that he had not
broken any law. But in a clear acknowledgement that errors had been made, he
said that he had repaid companies for contributions and services as soon as he
realized that they were improper or that he had not been billed for services
like free air travel and vacation houses. He would not elaborate.

Mr. McDade, who said in the statement that he would continue campaigning for a
16th term in the House, represents the 10th Congressional District, which
includes Lackawanna County and Scranton, where he and his family live in a
suburb. In last week's primaries, Mr. McDade ran unopposed in the Republican
primary and he also won the Democratic primary as a write-in candidate.

In a statement issued today, Michael M. Baylson, the United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, said, "This indictment reflects the
Justice Department's continued high priority commitment to fully investigating
allegations of political corruption at every level of government and requesting
indictments when evidence warrants."

If convicted on all the charges, Mr. McDade would face a maximum combined
sentence of 34 years in prison and a fine of $1.25 million.

The last bribery scandal implicating members of Congress concerned Wedtech, a
South Bronx military contractor. Last fall, former Representative Robert Garcia,
a Bronx Democrat, was convicted of extorting bribes from the company and is
awaiting sentencing. Former Representative Mario Biaggi, who was also implicated
in the affair, was imprisoned from 1988 until last summer when he was released
for medical reasons.

Mr. McDade is highly popular in northeastern Pennsylvania for having brought
hundreds of millions of dollars in Federal projects to his district, including
money for hospitals, colleges, highways, flood control and sewers. Nationally,
Mr. McDade is known as a principal architect of the military buildup in the
1980's and has been the principal advocate for preserving an Army depot in his
district that employs 4,000 people.

Most recently, he won Congressional support for the completion of Steamtown
National Historic Site, a $67 million railroad yard and museum in Scranton that
is viewed by many historians as an economic development project rather than a
historic site.

Mr. McDade refused to comment today, but his press secretary, Jake F. O'Donnell,
said that "the indictment was in line with what the Congressman had expected."
Mr. McDade said in the statement released Monday in anticipation of today's
indictment that Federal investigators had "harassed" and "hounded" him for the
last 44 months and that they had turned his life into "a living nightmare."

Federal prosecutors said that the charges grew out of the investigation and
prosecution of executives of the United Chem-Con Corporation, which had offices
in Renovo in Mr. McDade's district. The company, which made steel cargo
containers and bulk mail containers from 1978 to 1987, received about 90 percent
of its business from the Federal Government without competitive bidding under a
Federal program to help minority-owned businesses.

But the mismanaged company went bankrupt in 1987, and its president, James
Christian, served several years in jail on charges that he and 11 others
defrauded the Government of more than $12 million.

The indictment today charged that Mr. McDade took bribes disguised as campaign
contributions and honoraria, as well as illegal gratuities in the form of free
travel on corporate aircraft, a free vacation at a Delaware beach condominium,
clothing and golf equipment.

The indictment also charged that he extorted from United Chem a $10,000
contribution for a charity event in Washington. In return, the indictment said
Mr. McDade used "his influence to intercede and cause others to intercede with
employees of the Department of the Navy, Small Business Administration, United
States Postal Service and other departments and agencies of the United States to
induce the award of contracts" and contract modifications to the company.

The indictment also said Mr. McDade "conspired" with several military
contractors to obtain free airplane trips. The contractors included United Chem,
Grumman and Sperry.

NAME: Joseph M. McDade

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Representative Joseph M. McDade of Pennsylvania was indicted on
charges of racketeering and receiving bribes. At a news conference yesterday in
Scranton, he vowed to fight the charges. (Associated Press)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                             955 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            April 20, 2016 Wednesday

Blood Lab Owner Sentenced To Nine Months In Prison For Paying Thousands In Cash
Bribes For Referrals

LENGTH: 343  words


NEWARK, N.J.  An owner of a blood diagnostic company located in Essex County,
New Jersey, was sentenced today to nine months in prison for paying a doctor
cash bribes for patient lab work referrals, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman
announced.

Phillip Biondello, 49, of Basking Ridge, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty
before U.S. District Judge Madeline Cox Arleo to an information charging him
with violating the Anti-Kickback Statute. Judge Arleo imposed the sentence today
in Newark federal court.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From June 2011 through June 2013, Biondello paid a doctor cash bribes in return
for patient blood sample referrals to Biondellos company, including a $24,000
bribe paid to the doctor on May 7, 2013. The doctors referrals generated
approximately $176,710.84 for Biondellos company.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Arleo sentenced Biondello to three years
of supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special

Agent in Charge Timothy Gallagher in Newark, and special agents of the U.S.
Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, under the
direction of Special Agent in Charge Scott J. Lampert, with the investigation
leading to todays sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph N. Minish of the
U.S. Attorneys Office Health Care and Government Fraud Unit in Newark.

U.S. Attorney Fishman reorganized the health care fraud practice shortly after
taking office, creating a stand-alone Health Care and Government Fraud Unit to
handle both criminal and civil investigations and prosecutions of health care
fraud offenses. Since 2010, the office has recovered more than $1.29 billion in
health care fraud and government fraud settlements, judgments, fines,
restitution and forfeiture under the False Claims Act, the Food, Drug and
Cosmetic Act and other statutes.

Defense counsel: Joseph A. Hayden Jr. and Kevin Buchan Esq., Roseland, New
Jersey. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             956 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               June 10, 2004 Thursday Five Star Late Lift Edition

Wellston police officer faces charge that he solicited bribe

BYLINE: PETER SHINKLE Of the Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO

LENGTH: 433 words


A Wellston police officer was named Wednesday on federal charges that he made a
drug arrest and then took a $4,000 bribe on a promise to get the suspect put on
probation.

The charges mark the second drug-related grand jury indictment in two days in
U.S. District Court against an area police officer.

On Tuesday, a St. Louis police officer was indicted on charges that he falsely
arrested a man for crack cocaine possession.

In the Wellston case, Officer Cornell S. Boone, 24, allegedly arrested a male,
identified in court documents only as "M.M.," on Feb. 11. From April 1 until May
19, Boone told the defendant's mother that M.M. could receive probation if she
paid him cash, the indictment said.

Beginning on about May 5, Boone demanded a bribe in the amount of $7,000 but on
May 19 accepted a payment of $4,000, the indictment said.

The FBI investigated the payment. Boone said he had previously told Wellston's
chief of police that he was investigating M.M.'s mother for bribery, but that
claim was false, the indictment says.

Boone is charged with extortion, two counts of making a false statement to a
government agent and solicitation of a bribe.

Boone could not be reached for comment. He joined the Wellston Police Department
last year as a reserve officer.

Wellston Police Chief Dennis Epps said he had not seen the indictment and
declined to comment, even on whether Boone had been suspended.

U.S. Attorney Jim Martin said in a statement: "The law enforcement community in
the St. Louis area is outstanding. However, the United States Attorney's Office
and the FBI will aggressively pursue those few police officers who chose to
break the law, because no one is above the law."

In the indictment Tuesday, veteran St. Louis police Officer Reginald A. Williams
was accused of falsely arresting a man on drug charges and of making false
statements about other defendants. He also was accused of trafficking in crack
cocaine.

Williams will fight the charges, his attorney said.

On Wednesday, St. Louis Circuit Attorney Jennifer Joyce said she is encouraging
anyone with complaints about improper conduct by Williams to come forward.

Joyce said her office has reviewed other cases handled by Williams and found no
evidence of problems. Williams has been on the city force since January 1980.
Joyce said her office's review focused on about 300 cases in which defendants
remain in prison or on parole. Of those, 93 percent had pleaded guilty. Of the
remaining 7 percent, the investigation turned up no evidence of improper conduct
by Williams, Joyce said.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             957 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                               November 30, 2001

Co-op chief buyer said pounds 1m was a loan not a bribe, court told

BYLINE: Simon Bowers

SECTION: Guardian City Pages, Pg. 28

LENGTH: 460 words


The former chief buyer for the Co-operative Wholesale Society, who is accused of
accepting a pounds 1m bribe to influence a food supply agreement, told serious
fraud office investigators the payment was a loan from a businessman he had
never met, a court was told yesterday.

David Chambers, 56, is charged with corruption in relation to pounds 1m placed
in the Jersey bank account of offshore company Pitchblend in January 1995 - just
days after food manufacturer Hobson secured a lucrative extension to its
exclusive supply agreement with 800 Co-op outlets.

Douglas Day, QC, for the prosecution, told the jury at Snaresbrook crown court
in London that Mr Chambers told investigators that he was not the beneficial
owner of Pitchblend. The money, he claimed, belonged to Ronald Zimet, an Israeli
businessman, who was a "sleeping, anonymous partner" providing financial backing
for the potential business activities of Mr Chambers and his boss, Allan Green.

Allan Green, the former CWS chief general manager, is also accused of accepting
a pounds 1m bribe but refused to answer SFO investigators' questions about the
Jersey corporate bank account of Monavale, into which his alleged bribe is said
to have been paid.

Both payments were said to have been orchestrated by Hobson chief executive
Andrew Regan, who is charged with stealing pounds 2.4m from his own firm.
According to the prosecution, Mr Chambers told investigators that he had never
met or spoken to Mr Zimet, and that all business dealings relating to the two
offshore accounts had been conducted between Mr Zimet and Mr Green.

The prosecution claims that Mr Zimet - who is to appear as a key witness - was
the unwitting middleman who facilitated the bribe payments in exchange for a
pounds 400,000 fee.

Mr Day said that Mr Zimet did not know that the payments from Hobson - which
passed through a Swiss bank account held by his company Trellis International -
would eventually be received by CWS employees.

Mr Day said Mr Regan had told investigators that Mr Zimet had approached him in
late 1994 offering to broker an extension to Hobson's supply agreement with the
CWS.

The Hobson chief executive claimed that he had been introduced to Mr Zimet by
Robert Bonnier, Mr Zimet's business partner, in January 1995 at Heathrow
airport.

Mr Regan told investigators that the Mr Zimet, an Israeli businessman, had
contacts within the CWS senior management team in Manchester.

Within two weeks of the Heathrow meeting, Hobson won the contract extension and
pounds 2.4m was paid to Trellis International - which was a "brokerage fee",
according to Hobson documents.

Mr Chambers and Mr Green deny corruption and Mr Regan denies theft. The trial
continues.


LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                             958 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               February 23, 2002 Saturday Five Star Lift Edition

COUNTY SHUTS DOWN CAB COMPANY THAT BRIBED COUNCILMAN, WORKER

BYLINE: Eric Stern Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 421 words


* St. Louis County rejected the company's attempt to get back its licenses,
which were revoked last month after its general manager pleaded guilty of
bribery.

St. Louis County shut down a taxicab company Friday whose officials had paid
bribes to County Councilman Robert A. Young IV, D-Bridgeton, and a county
worker.

Garry Earls, the director of public works, rejected an appeal by Lambert Airport
Transportation Co. at a hearing in which it sought to keep its 20 licenses to
operate cabs at the airport.

The county revoked those licenses Jan. 28, almost two weeks after Michael
Saggio, general manager and vice president of the company, pleaded guilty to
giving Young $3,000 in bribes.

Saggio had wanted to influence the council to reinstate a cap on airport cab
licenses that it removed in 2000, which doubled the number of taxis at the
terminal and cut into Saggio's business.

Howard R. Baker, a county employee who oversaw airport cab operations, pleaded
guilty on Thursday of taking $2,900 in bribes from Lambert Airport
Transportation for favorable treatment. Baker has been suspended without pay
pending termination proceedings.

Lambert Airport Transportation was allowed to continue picking up passengers at
the airport during the appeal. That ended on Friday.

Shirley Vainiko, president and owner of the company, said at the hearing that
she "had no idea" about the bribes and dismissed Saggio - her son-in-law - as a
$600-a-week employee.

Saggio resigned from the company last month. The U.S. attorney's office
exonerated Vainiko of any criminal wrongdoing.

Vainiko said revoking the licenses would take away her sole source of income and
put about a dozen drivers out of work.

The licenses - which cost the company $1,000 each - would have expired April 30.

Earls told Vainiko he was "skeptical" that Saggio acted alone as "only an
employee." Earls showed several of the company's vehicle titles that listed
Saggio as the company owner. Earls also showed that Saggio signed applications
for cab licenses.

County officials also pointed to federal court records that cite an unnamed and
now deceased official from Lambert Airport Transportation who gave Young about
$1,500 in additional bribes from January 1997 to June 1999.

Vainiko's husband, John Vainiko, died in June 1999. Saggio became manager of the
company that month. He pleaded guilty of giving Young bribes from June 1999 to
October last year.

Young pleaded guilty of taking bribes and resigned from the council.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: LOCAL; Reporter Eric Stern:; Email: estern@post-dispatch.com; Phone:
314-340-8207

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             959 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 Carleton Place

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

US authorities arrest State Department employee suspected of taking bribes on
Iraq contracts

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 700  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


WASHINGTON - Federal authorities have arrested a State Department employee
suspected of taking tens of thousands of dollars in bribes and kickbacks on
contracts for Iraq reconstruction work.

Court records allege that 52-year-old Richard Lopez Razo began the illicit
venture in 2005 when he was working for a company based in California with
numerous contracts in Iraq.

In August 2008, Razo began working for the State Department as a provincial
program manager overseeing rebuilding projects in southern Iraq. According to
the court filings unsealed Monday, he "continued his scheme to obtain bribes in
return for the award of U.S. government contracts to Iraqi contractors."

Razo was arrested Friday and released on personal recognizance.

A woman who answered a Fayetteville, North Carolina, phone number that Razo
listed in a court document said he was travelling and could not be reached.

The case is being handled by the office of the special inspector general for
Iraq reconstruction. The office declined to comment on the case because it is
continuing.

A 16-page affidavit from James Wray, a special agent with the special inspector
general's office, describes repeated instances where Razo used his position to
steer contracts to Iraqi construction companies in exchange for payments he
eventually deposited in a personal bank account.

From 2005 to 2006, Razo worked as a security and logistics manager in Iraq for
Innovative Technical Solutions, Inc., a government contractor headquartered in
Walnut Creek, California. According to the court records, the company, known as
ITSI, was involved in building facilities for the Iraqi army.

The court records state that Razo solicited and received money from Hayder Al
Batat, an Iraqi who was the subject of a previous federal investigation into
alleged kickbacks on construction contracts. That inquiry led investigators to
emails between Al Batat and Razo.

They determined that Razo received about $50,000 for helping Al Batat get hired
as a subcontractor to ITSI.

"Razo provided H. Al Batat with contract documents, assisted H. Al Batat in
preparing his company's bids and shared competitors' bid information with H. Al
Batat thereby enabling H. Al Batat to underbid competitors," Wray's affidavit
reads.

Portions of the emails are included in Wray's affidavit and show that Razo had
difficulty getting Al Batat to honour the terms of their deal. Even after Razo
left ITSI, investigators say he sent Al Batat dozens of emails demanding $22,500
for kickbacks that had not been paid.

A spokeswoman for ITSI said she did not have any information about Razo's time
with the company.

The company had no comment on a claim in Wray's affidavit that a current ITSI
employee based in the U.S. is Razo's co-conspirator. The employee is referred to
in the document only as "Person A." Person A allegedly has known Razo since 2005
and was involved in the bribery scheme as late as last year.

In 2007 and 2008, Razo worked in Iraq for two other American companies. The
court records do not specify any wrongdoing during his time there.

But once with the State Department, Razo appears to have made up for lost time,
the court records state. After a few months of training, he arrived in Iraq in
September 2008.

Almost immediately, he used his new authority to pressure Al Batat's brother,
Yahya, who also owned a construction company and did work in the area Razo had
been assigned to, according to the filings. In numerous emails, Razo told Yahya
Al Batat he wanted the $22,500 that his brother allegedly owed him "prior to his
award of any future business."

The court records also allege that Razo targeted seven contracts worth $2.7
million that would go to Yahya Al Batat's company and another firm. Razo would
take a total of $144,000 in fees for the arrangement.

The contracts were awarded in that order. It is not clear how much Razo is
alleged to have received, however. The affidavit states that while home in the
United States on leave in late 2008, he made three separate cash deposits into
his bank account totalling $13,500.

The State Department had no immediate comment on the case.

-

On the Net:

Special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction: http://www.sigir.mil/

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             960 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

US authorities arrest State Department employee suspected of taking bribes on
Iraq contracts

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 700  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


WASHINGTON - Federal authorities have arrested a State Department employee
suspected of taking tens of thousands of dollars in bribes and kickbacks on
contracts for Iraq reconstruction work.

Court records allege that 52-year-old Richard Lopez Razo began the illicit
venture in 2005 when he was working for a company based in California with
numerous contracts in Iraq.

In August 2008, Razo began working for the State Department as a provincial
program manager overseeing rebuilding projects in southern Iraq. According to
the court filings unsealed Monday, he "continued his scheme to obtain bribes in
return for the award of U.S. government contracts to Iraqi contractors."

Razo was arrested Friday and released on personal recognizance.

A woman who answered a Fayetteville, North Carolina, phone number that Razo
listed in a court document said he was travelling and could not be reached.

The case is being handled by the office of the special inspector general for
Iraq reconstruction. The office declined to comment on the case because it is
continuing.

A 16-page affidavit from James Wray, a special agent with the special inspector
general's office, describes repeated instances where Razo used his position to
steer contracts to Iraqi construction companies in exchange for payments he
eventually deposited in a personal bank account.

From 2005 to 2006, Razo worked as a security and logistics manager in Iraq for
Innovative Technical Solutions, Inc., a government contractor headquartered in
Walnut Creek, California. According to the court records, the company, known as
ITSI, was involved in building facilities for the Iraqi army.

The court records state that Razo solicited and received money from Hayder Al
Batat, an Iraqi who was the subject of a previous federal investigation into
alleged kickbacks on construction contracts. That inquiry led investigators to
emails between Al Batat and Razo.

They determined that Razo received about $50,000 for helping Al Batat get hired
as a subcontractor to ITSI.

"Razo provided H. Al Batat with contract documents, assisted H. Al Batat in
preparing his company's bids and shared competitors' bid information with H. Al
Batat thereby enabling H. Al Batat to underbid competitors," Wray's affidavit
reads.

Portions of the emails are included in Wray's affidavit and show that Razo had
difficulty getting Al Batat to honour the terms of their deal. Even after Razo
left ITSI, investigators say he sent Al Batat dozens of emails demanding $22,500
for kickbacks that had not been paid.

A spokeswoman for ITSI said she did not have any information about Razo's time
with the company.

The company had no comment on a claim in Wray's affidavit that a current ITSI
employee based in the U.S. is Razo's co-conspirator. The employee is referred to
in the document only as "Person A." Person A allegedly has known Razo since 2005
and was involved in the bribery scheme as late as last year.

In 2007 and 2008, Razo worked in Iraq for two other American companies. The
court records do not specify any wrongdoing during his time there.

But once with the State Department, Razo appears to have made up for lost time,
the court records state. After a few months of training, he arrived in Iraq in
September 2008.

Almost immediately, he used his new authority to pressure Al Batat's brother,
Yahya, who also owned a construction company and did work in the area Razo had
been assigned to, according to the filings. In numerous emails, Razo told Yahya
Al Batat he wanted the $22,500 that his brother allegedly owed him "prior to his
award of any future business."

The court records also allege that Razo targeted seven contracts worth $2.7
million that would go to Yahya Al Batat's company and another firm. Razo would
take a total of $144,000 in fees for the arrangement.

The contracts were awarded in that order. It is not clear how much Razo is
alleged to have received, however. The affidavit states that while home in the
United States on leave in late 2008, he made three separate cash deposits into
his bank account totalling $13,500.

The State Department had no immediate comment on the case.

-

On the Net:

Special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction: http://www.sigir.mil/

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             961 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               Waterloo Chronicle

                            October 20, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

US authorities arrest State Department employee suspected of taking bribes on
Iraq contracts

SECTION: Pg. 01

LENGTH: 700  words

DATELINE: ARTICLE


WASHINGTON - Federal authorities have arrested a State Department employee
suspected of taking tens of thousands of dollars in bribes and kickbacks on
contracts for Iraq reconstruction work.

Court records allege that 52-year-old Richard Lopez Razo began the illicit
venture in 2005 when he was working for a company based in California with
numerous contracts in Iraq.

In August 2008, Razo began working for the State Department as a provincial
program manager overseeing rebuilding projects in southern Iraq. According to
the court filings unsealed Monday, he "continued his scheme to obtain bribes in
return for the award of U.S. government contracts to Iraqi contractors."

Razo was arrested Friday and released on personal recognizance.

A woman who answered a Fayetteville, North Carolina, phone number that Razo
listed in a court document said he was travelling and could not be reached.

The case is being handled by the office of the special inspector general for
Iraq reconstruction. The office declined to comment on the case because it is
continuing.

A 16-page affidavit from James Wray, a special agent with the special inspector
general's office, describes repeated instances where Razo used his position to
steer contracts to Iraqi construction companies in exchange for payments he
eventually deposited in a personal bank account.

From 2005 to 2006, Razo worked as a security and logistics manager in Iraq for
Innovative Technical Solutions, Inc., a government contractor headquartered in
Walnut Creek, California. According to the court records, the company, known as
ITSI, was involved in building facilities for the Iraqi army.

The court records state that Razo solicited and received money from Hayder Al
Batat, an Iraqi who was the subject of a previous federal investigation into
alleged kickbacks on construction contracts. That inquiry led investigators to
emails between Al Batat and Razo.

They determined that Razo received about $50,000 for helping Al Batat get hired
as a subcontractor to ITSI.

"Razo provided H. Al Batat with contract documents, assisted H. Al Batat in
preparing his company's bids and shared competitors' bid information with H. Al
Batat thereby enabling H. Al Batat to underbid competitors," Wray's affidavit
reads.

Portions of the emails are included in Wray's affidavit and show that Razo had
difficulty getting Al Batat to honour the terms of their deal. Even after Razo
left ITSI, investigators say he sent Al Batat dozens of emails demanding $22,500
for kickbacks that had not been paid.

A spokeswoman for ITSI said she did not have any information about Razo's time
with the company.

The company had no comment on a claim in Wray's affidavit that a current ITSI
employee based in the U.S. is Razo's co-conspirator. The employee is referred to
in the document only as "Person A." Person A allegedly has known Razo since 2005
and was involved in the bribery scheme as late as last year.

In 2007 and 2008, Razo worked in Iraq for two other American companies. The
court records do not specify any wrongdoing during his time there.

But once with the State Department, Razo appears to have made up for lost time,
the court records state. After a few months of training, he arrived in Iraq in
September 2008.

Almost immediately, he used his new authority to pressure Al Batat's brother,
Yahya, who also owned a construction company and did work in the area Razo had
been assigned to, according to the filings. In numerous emails, Razo told Yahya
Al Batat he wanted the $22,500 that his brother allegedly owed him "prior to his
award of any future business."

The court records also allege that Razo targeted seven contracts worth $2.7
million that would go to Yahya Al Batat's company and another firm. Razo would
take a total of $144,000 in fees for the arrangement.

The contracts were awarded in that order. It is not clear how much Razo is
alleged to have received, however. The affidavit states that while home in the
United States on leave in late 2008, he made three separate cash deposits into
his bank account totalling $13,500.

The State Department had no immediate comment on the case.

-

On the Net:

Special inspector general for Iraq reconstruction: http://www.sigir.mil/

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             962 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           February 3, 2016 Wednesday

New Jersey Pipe Supply Company Owner Sentenced to 32 Months in Prison for Role
in Fraud and Bribery Conspiracy in Power Generation Industry

LENGTH: 554  words


Company Sentenced to Pay a Total of Over $1.7 Million in Fines and Restitution

A New Jersey industrial pipe supply company and its owner were sentenced today
for conspiring to commit fraud and pay bribes to a purchasing manager at
Consolidated Edison of New York in return for the managers efforts to steer
contracts to the company, the Department of Justice announced.

Andrew Martingano, of Staten Island, New York, was sentenced by U.S. District
Judge Deborah A. Batts of the Southern District of New York to 32 months and a
day in prison.  American Pipe Bending and Fabrication Co. Inc. of Edison, New
Jersey, was sentenced to pay a $150,000 criminal fine.  Martingano and American
Pipe were also sentenced to pay over $1.6 million in restitution, jointly and
severally with their co-conspirators, to the victim, Con Ed.  The company and
its owner pleaded guilty to committing wire fraud and conspiring to defraud Con
Ed on Aug. 15, 2012.

According to court documents, Martingano and others agreed to pay approximately
$510,000 in cash bribes to James M. Woodason, a department manager of the
purchasing department at Con Ed.  In exchange for the bribes, Woodason steered
Con Ed industrial pipe supply contracts to American Pipe by secretly providing
Martingano with confidential competitor bid information, thereby causing Con Ed
to pay higher, non-competitive prices for materials.  At the time of Woodasons
arrest in August 2010, Woodason had already received approximately $45,000 in
cash bribes from Martingano and American Pipe.

The department said the conspiracy took place from approximately January 2009 to
August 2010.  In addition, Martingano and American Pipe defrauded Con Ed by
requesting a 14 percent price increase and basing that request on a fake email
purporting to document a Steel Mill price increase that American Pipe was
passing on to Con Ed.  These false and fraudulent price increase requests caused
actual losses to Con Ed in the amount of approximately $1.4 million and intended
losses of approximately $9.4 million.

Con Ed is a regulated utility headquartered in Manhattan.  It provides electric
service to approximately 3.2 million customers, and gas service to approximately
1.1 million customers in New York City and Westchester County, New York.  Con Ed
received more than $10,000 in federal funding each year between 2003 through
2010, and cooperated with the departments investigation.

Including Martingano and American Pipe, a total of five individuals and two
companies have been charged as part of this investigation and have been ordered
to serve a total of more than 16 years in prison and to pay criminal fines and
restitution of more than $3 million.

The charges arose from an ongoing federal antitrust investigation of bid
rigging, bribery, fraud and tax-related offenses in the power generation
industry.  The investigation is being conducted by the Antitrust Divisions New
York Office, with assistance from the FBI and the Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation.  Anyone with information concerning bid rigging,
bribery, tax offenses or fraud in the power generation industry should contact
the FBIs New York Division at 212-384-3720 or the Antitrust Divisions New York
Office at 212-335-8000, or visit www.justice.gov /atr/contact/newcase.htm. 2016
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             963 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             March 30, 2014 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

YOUR VIEWS - LETTERS FROM OUR READERS OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1169 words


Industrious people will always find a way

On Wednesday, Bill McClellan wrote about the jobless economy he sees in our
future ("Economy on autopilot raises scary questions"). I am more optimistic.
Certainly some of the current jobs will be replaced by technology, but that has
happened often in the past. Every time it does, our lives get better. There will
be people displaced by change and that will be uncomfortable, but for most
people, this change will be a very positive thing.

If this were 1934 instead of 2014, Mr. McClellan would have been writing about
all the farm jobs lost to those newfangled tractors with attachments that let
farmers do several tasks at once and get the work done with fewer employees.
What will those people do? When my grandfather lost the farm in the Depression,
he moved from a very small Wisconsin town to a bit larger one and began a
business installing and repairing furnaces. My father worked for grandpa for a
while then moved here to open a restaurant. Industrious people will always find
a way. It won't always be easy, but ultimately it will work out.

As our economy morphed from agrarian to heavy industry to the information age,
some were displaced and found new endeavors. The economy got stronger as it
became more efficient. That is a good thing.

Gary Duff o Swansea

Chief's statement on speed camera money is galling

According to the March 25 Post-Dispatch, the city of East St. Louis is soon to
be using speed cameras with the city sharing revenues with the cameras'
provider. When asked how the money would be split, Police Chief Michael Floore
is quoted as saying, "That's not the citizens' business."

I credit Chief Moore for his unabashed candor and for clearly illustrating why
it is that so many people are so thrilled to be living in East St. Louis.

Dan Bogaty o Richmond Heights

Stop Republican corruption in Jefferson City

State Rep. John Wright, D-Rocheport, wrote an excellent column "Our
million-dollar Legislature" (March 23). It is unethical and against the public
well-being that lobbyists are giving sports tickets, dinners, concert tickets,
etc. to bribe Republican state representatives in Jefferson City. Lobbyists are
also writing bills that Republican lawmakers are introducing to become laws.

To his credit Rep. Wright is against these dishonest practices. We the honest
taxpayers of Missouri have no lobbyists to represent our interests as the
special interests do. How sad it is that Republican lawmakers in Jefferson City
are up for sale to lobbyists and their bribes. It is going to take good
representatives in Jefferson City such as Wright, who we the people elect, to
stop and put an end to lawmakers taking bribes, which influence their positions
and votes. Those lawmakers who take bribes represent corruption and special
interests and not the people of Missouri.

Dick Reeves o Kirkwood

Give principles a try

It's interesting to read Harvard law professor Alan Dershowitz disagrees with
the Post-Dispatch editors ("Dershowitz & Starr: A matter of principle," March
26). The editors express their personal beliefs while Dershowitz discusses
constitutional principles. The Post-Dispatch editors might give principles a try
on occasion.

Jim Beatty o O'Fallon, Ill.

Pass tax reform to help small businesses

Tax day is fast approaching, and Rep. Ann Wagner is right when it comes to
taxes. Tax day should remind us that it is high time we reform our country's
antiquated tax system. And as a small-business owner who has to deal with the
unfair tax code every day, I can tell you that we need reform to make the code
simpler, flatter and fairer.

Rep. Wagner and her colleagues have their chance to help small businesses by
taking action on a new proposal offered by the House tax-writing committee. The
proposal outlines the first real tax reform in nearly three decades and is a
good place to start a real discussion about real tax reform.

This is the slowest economic recovery on record. We can't afford the outdated
tax code, which punishes small businesses - the nation's traditional economic
powerhouse.

Let's pass real tax reform to get our economy moving again.

Craig Workman o Crystal Lake Park

Share the responsibility for health care for all citizens

This is to all those who claim that the Affordable Care Act is unfair to young
healthy people because they don't think they should be paying for something that
they may not use. If that is the substance of their argument, perhaps they
should consider the items on my personal property tax bill last year for which I
did not receive any benefit whatsoever: St. Louis Community College, Special
School District, Zoo and Museum District, Mehlville School District, Shelter
Workshop and others. And what about that road and bridge tax? I'm sure there
were many bridges in St. Louis County that I didn't cross over, and still I had
to pay $8.11.

The point is that health care is a community issue that society needs to assure
is available to all citizens. The only fair way is to share the responsibility
in the same way we share other priorities in our lives. We're all in this
together.

Bob Sontag o St. Louis County

Everyone on campus should be required to report sexual violence

In the editorial "Rape? Ho-hum" (March 25) you state that the University of
Missouri "is finalizing a policy that mandates certain faculty and staff, known
as 'required reporters' to inform the university of student complaints alleging
sexual violence." I feel that if the university is serious about stopping these
actions, then everyone who steps foot upon that campus should be a "required
reporter." Not reporting a known action is not as despicable as committing one
but certainly it is contemptible and irresponsible to harbor such knowledge
without reporting it.

Julie S. Reiner o Edwardsville

Barclay Plager more than just an athlete

I enjoy the "This Day in St. Louis" feature that has been appearing on Page A2
of the Post-Dispatch celebrating our city's 250th anniversary. But on Wednesday,
the editors of this section made what I consider a terrible, careless mistake.
In my opinion, the Post-Dispatch slighted one of the greatest men in the history
of St. Louis sports.

Barclay Plager wasn't simply an "athlete." Barclay Plager was a hockey player
who gave his heart and soul to our St. Louis Blues and to our city. This
Kirkland Lake, Ontario, native came to St. Louis to play the sport he loved and
came to define hockey in this town as both a player and as a coach. His No. 8
hangs from the rafters at Scottrade Center not because he is an NHL Hall of
Famer, but because he symbolized what it means to be a St. Louis Blue. When I
hear the term "bleed Blue", I think of Barclay Plager. He gave his all for his
team and for his adopted city. Barclay Plager wasn't just an athlete. He was a
proud St. Louis Blue who loved his team and this town.

Barclay Plager's legacy certainly deserves better treatment. You can't write
"Barclay Plager" without writing "Great St. Louis Blue" immediately after.

Dennis Done o Des Peres

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Editorial cartoon by JOHN COLE o The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) -
While an NRA man rants about a  One-World U.N. gun conspiracy, President Barack
Obama speaks: "It's time to recognize that America's most pressing public-health
challenge is ... mental illness."

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             964 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Army National Guard Official Pleads Guilty to Accepting $30,000
Bribe

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

An Army National Guard official pleaded guilty today for accepting a $30,000
bribe in exchange for steering a $3.6 million contract to a retired sergeant
major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and his consulting company. Today's
guilty plea is the eighth in connection with an investigation into corruption
within the National Guard Bureau related to the awarding of millions of dollars
of Army National Guard marketing, retention and recruitment contracts.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch of the Eastern District of New York,
Assistant Director in Charge Andrew McCabe of the FBI's Washington Field Office,
Special Agent in Charge Robert E. Craig Jr. of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Director Frank Robey
of the U.S. Army Criminal Investigative Command's Major Procurement Fraud Unit
(Army-CID) made the announcement.

Jason Rappoccio, 39, of Hampton, South Carolina, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Liam O'Grady of the Eastern District of Virginia to one count of
conspiracy to commit bribery and one count of bribery. Rappoccio was indicted on
Sept. 25, 2014, and will be sentenced on May 22, 2015.

According to plea documents, Rappoccio, who was an active duty sergeant first
class in the Army National Guard, admitted to accepting a $30,000 bribe from
Timothy Bebus, a retired sergeant major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and
owner of Mil-Team Consulting and Solutions LLC (Mil-Team). In exchange,
Rappoccio agreed to recommend the award of a $3.6 million contract to Mil-Team
and to steer the contract to a Small Business Administration (SBA) 8(a)
certified company, chosen by Bebus, that would sub-contract the work to
Mil-Team.

Rappoccio admitted that he received the $30,000 bribe in installments to conceal
the payment. Bebus gave $6,000 in cash directly to Rappoccio at a meeting in
Arlington, Virginia. The remaining $24,000 was paid in a cashier's check in the
name of Rappoccio's wife.

Rappoccio also admitted that days after receiving the $30,000 bribe, he
solicited and received airline tickets for two of his family members from Bebus.
Three months later, Rappoccio also received NFL tickets worth $1,328 from
another co-conspirator. At the time that he accepted these additional benefits,
Rappoccio agreed to steer an additional $4 million contract to Bebus and his
company.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office, with
assistance from DCIS's Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Army-CID's Expeditionary
Fraud Resident Agency's Major Procurement Fraud Unit. The case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Alison L. Anderson of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Fahey of the Eastern District of
Virginia and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Marisa Seifan and Martin Coffey of the
Eastern District of New York.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             965 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Army National Guard Official Pleads Guilty for Accepting $30,000
Bribe

LENGTH: 534  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

An Army National Guard official pleaded guilty today for accepting a $30,000
bribe in exchange for steering a $3.6 million contract to a retired sergeant
major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and his consulting company. Today's
guilty plea is the eighth in connection with an investigation into corruption
within the National Guard Bureau related to the awarding of millions of dollars
of Army National Guard marketing, retention and recruitment contracts.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of
Virginia, U.S. Attorney Loretta E. Lynch of the Eastern District of New York,
Assistant Director in Charge Andrew McCabe of the FBI's Washington Field Office,
Special Agent in Charge Robert E. Craig Jr. of the Defense Criminal
Investigative Service (DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Director Frank Robey
of the U.S. Army Criminal Investigative Command's Major Procurement Fraud Unit
(Army-CID) made the announcement.

Jason Rappoccio, 39, of Hampton, South Carolina, pleaded guilty before U.S.
District Judge Liam O'Grady of the Eastern District of Virginia to one count of
conspiracy to commit bribery and one count of bribery. Rappoccio was indicted on
Sept. 25, 2014, and will be sentenced on May 22, 2015.

According to plea documents, Rappoccio, who was an active duty sergeant first
class in the Army National Guard, admitted to accepting a $30,000 bribe from
Timothy Bebus, a retired sergeant major of the Minnesota Army National Guard and
owner of Mil-Team Consulting and Solutions LLC (Mil-Team). In exchange,
Rappoccio agreed to recommend the award of a $3.6 million contract to Mil-Team
and to steer the contract to a Small Business Administration (SBA) 8(a)
certified company, chosen by Bebus, that would sub-contract the work to
Mil-Team.

Rappoccio admitted that he received the $30,000 bribe in installments to conceal
the payment. Bebus gave $6,000 in cash directly to Rappoccio at a meeting in
Arlington, Virginia. The remaining $24,000 was paid in a cashier's check in the
name of Rappoccio's wife.

Rappoccio also admitted that days after receiving the $30,000 bribe, he
solicited and received airline tickets for two of his family members from Bebus.
Three months later, Rappoccio also received NFL tickets worth $1,328 from
another co-conspirator. At the time that he accepted these additional benefits,
Rappoccio agreed to steer an additional $4 million contract to Bebus and his
company.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office, with
assistance from DCIS's Mid-Atlantic Field Office and Army-CID's Expeditionary
Fraud Resident Agency's Major Procurement Fraud Unit. The case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Alison L. Anderson of the Criminal Division's Fraud
Section, Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Fahey of the Eastern District of
Virginia and Assistant U.S. Attorneys Marisa Seifan and Martin Coffey of the
Eastern District of New York.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             966 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                               New Indian Express

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

Customs Official Gets Jail for Bribe

LENGTH: 235 words

DATELINE: CHENNAI


CHENNAI, April 23 -- The special court for CBI cases in Chennai has convicted a
Customs Department official in a graft case and sentenced him to one year
imprisonment. Special judge S Malathy, who convicted Karanjit Singh, also
slapped a fine of '30,000 on him, on Tuesday.

According to CBI, Arun Vyapar Udyog Private Ltd in Egmore imported heavy metal
steel scrap from GDB International Inc, New Jersey, USA. The consignment reached
Chennai port on August 7, 2009. The firm assigned R Suresh Kumar to obtain the
cargo from the Customs Department. Gowri Shankar, an assistant of Suresh Kumar,
approached Karanjit Singh, Appraiser, All Cargo Global Container Freight Station
of Customs Department, Tiruvotriyur for clearing the goods. Karanjit Singh
demanded a bribe of '14,000 for clearing the containers and collected the cash
from Gowri Shankar on August 12, 2009.

Meanwhile, sleuths from Anti-corruption branch of CBI, who were engaged in
surprise check, spotted Gowri Shankar and on enquiry they found Singh had taken
a bribe from him. Later, they searched Singh's office and seized unaccounted
amount of '56,000 and bribe money of '14,000. They also seized unaccounted money
'3.80 lakh from his residence.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from New Indian Express. For any
query with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please
contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Expressbuzz.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             967 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              May 3, 2008 Saturday
                  5 NORTHWEST CONNECTICUT/SPORTS FINAL EDITION

MOB FIGURE CHARGED;
FBI SAYS UNDERBOSS ACCUSED IN BIG DIG BRIBE STING

BYLINE: EDMUND H. MAHONY; Courant Staff Writer

SECTION: CONNECTICUT; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 341 words


Federal officials said Friday that they have charged the underboss of New
England's Patriarca crime family with paying a $10,000 bribe in an attempt to
win a contract connected with Boston's multibillion-dollar Big Dig harbor
tunnel.

According to the indictment, underboss Carmen S. DiNunzio and two associates
were caught in an FBI sting while trying to buy a "lucrative" contract to sell
300,000 cubic yards of loam to the Massachusetts Highway Department, which is
completing what is officially called the Central Artery Tunnel Project.

DiNunzio, 50, along with Anthony F. D'Amore, 55, and Andrew Marino, 42, are
accused in the indictment, unsealed Friday in Boston, of conspiracy to bribe a
Massachusetts state official. If convicted, they face up to 10 years in prison
and fines of up to $250,000.

Marino claimed to represent a legitimate construction company and, working with
DiNunzio and D'Amore, offered to pay someone they believed to be a Massachusetts
Highway Department employee to get the company a contract, according to the
indictment. In reality, according to the indictment, the ostensible state
employee was an undercover FBI agent.

In September 2006, DiNunzio gave $10,000 in cash, "down payment" on the
contract, to a cooperating witness working with the FBI, the indictment says.

Shortly afterward, DiNunzio, D'Amore and the cooperating witness met with the
undercover agent, whom they knew as Mike. According to the indictment, they
handed over the $10,000, plus another $5,000 in federal government money
ostensibly supplied by the cooperating witness.

Eventually, DiNunzio, D'Amore and Marino provided the undercover agent with a
sample of the loam they said they would deliver, according to the indictment.

"This investigation should act as a reminder to anyone bidding on publicly
funded projects, including the Central Artery Tunnel Project, that we will
vigorously pursue anyone who seeks to bribe a public official," Massachusetts
U.S. Attorney Michael J. Sullivan said Friday.

Contact Edmund H. Mahony at emahony@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                             968 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                           September 9, 1994, Friday

Prosecutor: Lockheed exec took bribes for 5 years

BYLINE: By Peter Mantius STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Section C; Page 3

LENGTH: 329 words


A former Lockheed Aeronautical Systems Co. executive accepted $ 50,000 in cash
bribes over five years from an official of a Philadelphia furniture company, a
federal prosecutor charged in opening arguments in federal court Thursday.

Virgil Copeland, who retired from Lockheed in 1992 after 41 years with the
company, is charged with conspiracy and soliciting and accepting the bribes from
1984 to 1989. The prosecution said he used his position as supervisor of
facilities management to help Metalstand Co. win Lockheed contracts.

Assistant U.S. Attorney Martin Weinstein said Copeland regularly met at a
restaurant on the Marietta square with a Metalstand official who always brought
a white envelope full of $ 100 bills.

But Copeland's attorney, Hylton B. Dupree Jr., told the jury there would be no
physical evidence that his client took any money. Dupree questioned why anyone
would want to pay Copeland a bribe at all. "He could not deliver anything
because he didn't have authority to purchase anything at Lockheed," Dupree said.

Weinstein said Copeland proposed the bribe arrangement to Metalstand officials
in 1984, shortly after the death of a Marietta man who had been earning big
commissions on deals between the Philadelphia firm and Lockheed.

Metalstand's president, Joel Golden, and comptroller, Donald Samuels, agreed to
Copeland's proposed scheme, Weinstein said. After that, Weinstein said, Copeland
used code words over the telephone to tell Samuels how much cash to bring to the
Marietta restaurant. If he wanted $ 5,000 in cash, he would request five
"special chairs." Each "special chair," he said, represented 10 $ 100 bills.

Golden and Samuels have agreed to testify against Copeland under an agreement
with the government that protects them from prosecution. Metalstand itself is
not charged.

Dupree urged the jury to ponder why Samuels was never charged with a crime an d
to consider his motives when he testifies against Copeland.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942530233

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                             969 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           December 12, 1998 Saturday
                                  Late Edition

Baird told to offer Games bribes

BYLINE: MATTHEW MOORE and GLENDA KORPORAAL in Lausanne

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 503 words


The former NSW minister in charge of Sydney's Olympic bid, Mr Bruce Baird, has
revealed he was asked to offer bribes in exchange for votes for Sydney's bid
during the competition to host the 2000 Games.

The revelations by Mr Baird, now a Federal MP, came as the International Olympic
Committee announced an inquiry into what a senior IOC member described as "
bribes" paid to some African IOC members by the Salt Lake City bid committee
which won the rights to host the Winter Games in 2002.

The Salt Lake City Organising Committee has admitted that it paid for the
tuition of the six IOC members' children at US universities as part of a
$US450,000 "foreign aid" budget which was also meant to provide money for
athletes in poorer countries,

such as many in Africa, to study and train in the US.

Mr Baird said he was not surprised by these revelations.

"There was an approach to me, from a third party, when I was in Acapulco, who
said he could secure some African votes.

"I said `this is not what the Sydney bid is about', and he said `you well may
lose' and I said `I would prefer Sydney lost than won on those grounds'," Mr
Baird said yesterday.

He said the "third party" was not an IOC member and he could not be certain the
approach was made with the support of any IOC members.

But he added: "I don't believe we got any of the votes from countries where
there were rumours their members were susceptible."

Mr Baird said he was not surprised to hear of the IOC inquiry or of the
allegations of bribes paid to IOC members, although he was adamant no bribes
were paid by Sydney's bid committee.

A senior Swiss IOC member, Mr Marc Hodler, who chairs the IOC's committee
overseeing the Salt Lake City Games, admitted that the actions of the Salt Lake
City Committee were bribery. Under IOC rules, its members cannot receive gifts
worth more than $US150 from a bidding city.

Mr Hodler also admitted that he believed other cities bidding for the Olympics
may have used similar methods to woo members to vote for their city. Asked if he
believed this had happened in the case of the Sydney bid for the 2000 Games,
which was decided in September 1993, Mr Hodler said: "I don't know."

Mr Baird said he would be "totally relaxed" about the IOC inquiry being extended
to cover Sydney's bid.

The president of the Australian Olympic Committee, Mr John Coates, who was a key
member of the Sydney bidding team, was in Europe yesterday and could not be
contacted.

The Sydney bid included a strong lobbying campaign of African IOC members which
included a special trip to the continent in the last months before the decision.

Mr Hodler admitted that the Salt Lake City revelations had shown that the number
of IOC members open to inducements for votes might be higher than the small
number he had suspected.

"I had thought that we had a very small percentage of members who are exposed to
such things," he said in Lausanne before the meeting of the IOC's executive
board. "Apparently there are more."

PAGE 13: Voters happy with Games preparations.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1998 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                             970 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

New Jersey: N.J. doctor sentenced in multimillion-dollar referral scheme,
authorities say

LENGTH: 214  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Morris County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

A Morris County doctor was sentenced to 37 months in prison Thursday for his
role in a multimillion-dollar cash for referrals scheme involving dozens and a
Parsippany laboratory, authorities announced.

Angelo Calabrese, 57, of Pine Brook, was sentenced in Newark federal court on
one count of accepting bribes, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman said in a release.
He pled guilty in September of last year.

Calabrese, who had an office in North Arlington, is the 37th person to plead
guilty -- 25 of them doctors -- in connection with the bribery scheme that
involved millions of dollars in bribes and, according to the release, paid out
more than $100 million to Biodiagnostic Laboratory Services LLC (BLS), of
Parsippany, as well as other private insurance companies.

According to court documents, Calabrese admitted to accepting more than $130,000
in bribes between 2010 and 2013 to refer patients to BLS, providing at least
$600,000 in business.

The North Jersey doctor was ordered to pay a fine of $5,000, forfeit $334,000
and serve a year of probation after his prison release, authorities said

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             971 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Arizona: Army Contracting Official Pleads Guilty in Pentagon Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 528  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news releae:

ALEXANDRIA, VA--James Glenn Warner, 44, of Manassas, Virginia, waived indictment
and pleaded guilty to soliciting a $500,000 bribe from executives working for a
private company on a contract that Warner managed out of the Pentagon.

According to court documents, in October 2014, Warner made arrangements to meet
with two executives of Company A, a Virginia-based company which held a
five-year contract with the Department of the Army worth up to $120 million. At
the meeting, which took place at a restaurant located in the Pentagon Centre in
Arlington, Virginia, Warner instructed the two executives to communicate with
him by typing messages into his cell phone, which was passed around the table.
Warner then passed a menu to the two executives. Inside the plastic covering for
the center section of the menu was a piece of paper which outlined a bribe and
extortion solicitation, suggesting that if Company A paid $500,000 it would
secure a contract renewal from the Department of the Army and that alleged
damaging information about Company A would be destroyed. The Company A
executives declined Warner's solicitation, reported the conduct and began
cooperating with law enforcement agents. Acting at the direction of law
enforcement, a Company A executive then met with Warner on five subsequent
occasions, paying Warner a total of $150,000 cash bribes out of the total
$500,000 solicited by Warner. On January 28, 2015, at the last of these
meetings, Warner was arrested while in possession of $100,000 in bribe payments.

Warner faces a maximum penalty of 15 years in prison, up to a $1.5 million fine,
and mandatory forfeiture of criminal proceeds when he is sentenced on June 19,
2015. The maximum statutory sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided
here for informational purposes, as the sentencing of the defendant will be
determined by the court based on the advisory Sentencing Guidelines and other
statutory factors.

Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Andrew G.
McCabe, Assistant Director in Charge of the FBI's Washington Field Office;
Robert E. Craig, Special Agent in Charge, Mid Atlantic Field Office, Defense
Criminal Investigative Service; and Frank Robey, Director, Major Procurement
Fraud Unit, 701st Military Police Group, U.S. Army Criminal Investigation
Command, made the announcement after the plea was accepted by U.S. District
Judge Leonie M. Brinkema.

This case was investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office, the Defense
Criminal Investigative Service, and the U.S. Army Criminal Investigative
Command. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Kosta S. Stojilkovic and Mark D. Lytle are
prosecuting the case.

Any person who believes they may have information regarding public corruption in
the Northern Virginia area is encouraged to call the FBI's Northern Virginia
Public Corruption Hotline at 703-686-6225.

A copy of this press release may be found on the website of the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Eastern District of Virginia.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             972 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 5, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Former Vice President of Government Contracting Company Pleads
Guilty to Conspiracy to Commit Bribery

LENGTH: 567  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Adam C. White, 40, a former vice president of a Chesapeake, Virginia government
contracting company pleaded guilty today to conspiracy to pay bribes to public
officials in exchange for favorable treatment in connection with U.S. government
contract work.

Acting U.S. Attorney Dana J. Boente of the Eastern District of Virginia, Special
Agent in Charge Robert Craig of the Defense Criminal Investigative Service
(DCIS) Mid-Atlantic Field Office, Acting Executive Assistant Director Charles T.
May, Jr. of the Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) Atlantic Operations,
and Special Agent in Charge Royce E. Curtin of the FBI's Norfolk Field Office
made the announcement after the plea was accepted by U.S. Magistrate Judge
Douglas E. Miller in the Eastern District of Virginia.

White was charged by criminal information on March 28, 2014, with one count of
conspiracy to bribe public officials. White faces a maximum penalty of five
years when he is sentenced on July 11, 2014.

According to a statement of facts filed with the plea agreement, White worked
for a government contracting company that was created to support the U.S. Navy's
Military Sealift Command (MSC) on various telecommunication projects. For
several years, White and his business partners paid bribes to MSC public
officials in exchange for favorable treatment in awarding MSC-related government
contract work.

White admitted that he contributed a portion of his paycheck to the bribe
payments by regularly withdrawing approximately $1,000 in cash from his personal
bank account after receiving his bi-weekly paycheck and providing it to his
business partners. Together, White and his business partners paid approximately
$3,000 to $4,000 a month in cash bribes to two MSC public officials. White also
admits that he was aware his business partners provided other things of value,
including flat-screen televisions, to influence the official actions of a MSC
public official.

As a condition of the plea agreement, White has agreed to forfeit $57,000 as the
proceeds of the offense.

In December 2013, White resigned from his position as vice president of the
government contracting company.

Prior to entry of this guilty plea, four other individuals pleaded guilty in
connection with the same bribery scheme. On February 12, 2014, Kenny E. Toy, the
former afloat programs manager for the MSC N6 Command, Control, Communication,
and Computer Systems Directorate, pleaded guilty to bribery and admitted
receiving more than $100,000 in cash bribes. On February 18, 2014, Dwayne A.
Hardman, one of White's business partners, pleaded guilty to bribery and
admitted to providing more than $140,000 in cash bribes to Toy and another MSC
public official. On February 19, 2014, Michael P. McPhail pleaded guilty to
conspiracy to commit bribery and agreed to forfeit $57,000. On March 5, 2014,
Roderic J. Smith, another of White's business partners, pleaded guilty to
conspiracy and agreed to forfeit $175,000.

The case was investigated by the FBI, DCIS, and NCIS. The case is being
prosecuted by Trial Attorney Emily Rae Woods of the Criminal Division's Public
Integrity Section and Assistant United States Attorney Stephen W. Haynie of the
U.S. Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of Virginia.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             973 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

Former Corrections Officer Sentenced to Two Years in Prison for Accepting Cash
Bribes in Exchange for Smuggling Contraband into Essex County Correctional
Facility

LENGTH: 282  words


NEWARK, NJA former Essex County corrections officer was sentenced today to 24
months in prison for accepting bribes in exchange for smuggling contraband,
including cell phones and tobacco, into the Essex County Correctional Facility,
a federal pretrial detention facility, U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

John Grosso, 42, of Belleville, New Jersey, previously pleaded guilty before
U.S. District Judge Stanley R. Chesler to an information charging him with one
count of conspiring to commit extortion under color of official right. Judge
Chesler imposed the sentence today in Newark federal court.

According to the documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

Grosso, a former corrections officer at the Essex County Correctional Facility,
admitted that in December 2013, he agreed to accept cash bribes in return for
his assistance smuggling cell phones and cigarettes to an inmate. Grosso met
with the inmates relative in Secaucus, New Jersey, to accept the contraband and
bribe before delivering the items to the inmate.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Chesler sentenced Grosso to one year of
supervised release.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark, and the Internal Affairs
Division of Essex County Correctional Facility, under the leadership of Warden
Roy Hendricks, with the investigation leading to todays sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Rahul Agarwal of the
U.S. Attorneys Office Special Prosecutions Division and Robert L. Frazer of the
Criminal Division, Organized Crime/Gangs Unit, in Newark. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             974 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

Washington: Former Chief Executive Officer of Lufthansa Subsidiary BizJet Pleads
Guilty to Foreign Bribery Charges

LENGTH: 1073  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The former president and chief executive officer of BizJet International Sales
and Support Inc., a U.S.-based subsidiary of Lufthansa Technik AG with
headquarters in Tulsa, Oklahoma, that provides aircraft maintenance, repair and
overhaul services, pleaded guilty today for his participation in a scheme to pay
bribes to foreign government officials.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Danny C. Williams Sr., of the Northern District
of Oklahoma and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

"The former CEO of BizJet, Bernd Kowalewski, has become the third and most
senior Bizjet executive to plead guilty to bribing officials in Mexico and
Panama to get contracts for aircraft services," said Assistant Attorney General
Caldwell. "While Kowalewski and his fellow executives referred to the corrupt
payments as 'commissions' and 'incentives,' they were bribes, plain and simple.
Though he was living abroad when the charges were unsealed, the reach of the law
extends beyond U.S. borders, resulting in Kowalewski's arrest in Amsterdam and
his appearance in court today in the United States. Today's guilty plea is an
example of our continued determination to hold corporate executives responsible
for criminal wrongdoing whenever the evidence allows."

"I commend the investigators and prosecutors who worked together across borders
and jurisdictions to vigorously enforce the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act," said
U.S. Attorney Williams. "Partnership is a necessity in all investigations. By
forging and strengthening international partnerships to combat bribery, the
Department of Justice is advancing its efforts to prevent crime and to protect
citizens."

Bernd Kowalewski, 57, the former President and CEO of BizJet, pleaded guilty
today in federal court in Tulsa, Oklahoma, to conspiracy to violate the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and a substantive violation of the FCPA in
connection with a scheme to pay bribes to officials in Mexico and Panama in
exchange for those officials' assistance in securing contracts for BizJet to
perform aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul services.

Kowalewski was arrested on a provisional arrest warrant by authorities in
Amsterdam on March 13, 2014, and waived extradition on June 20, 2014. Kowalewski
is the third BizJet executive to plead guilty in this case. Peter DuBois, the
former Vice President of Sales and Marketing, pleaded guilty on Jan. 5, 2012, to
conspiracy to violate the FCPA and a substantive violation of the FCPA and Neal
Uhl, the former Vice President of Finance, pleaded guilty on Jan. 5, 2012, to
conspiracy to violate the FCPA. Jald Jensen, the former sales manager at BizJet,
has been indicted for conspiracy as well as substantive FCPA violations and
money laundering and is believed to be living abroad. Charges were unsealed
against the four defendants on April 5, 2013.

According to court filings, Kowalewski and his co-conspirators paid bribes
directly to foreign officials to secure aircraft maintenance repair and overhaul
contracts, and in some instances, the defendants funneled bribes to foreign
officials through a shell company owned and operated by Jensen. The shell
company, Avionica International & Associates Inc., operated under the pretense
of providing aircraft maintenance brokerage services but in reality laundered
money related to BizJet's bribery scheme. Bribes were paid to officials employed
by the Mexican Policia Federal Preventiva, the Mexican Coordinacion General de
Transportes Aereos Presidenciales, the air fleet for the Gobierno del Estado de
Sinaloa, the air fleet for the Gobierno del Estado de Sonora and the Republica
de Panama Autoridad Aeronautica Civil.

Further according to court filings, the co-conspirators discussed in e-mail
correspondence and at corporate meetings the need to pay bribes, which they
referred to internally as "commissions" or "incentives," to officials employed
by the foreign government agencies in order to secure the contracts. At one
meeting, for example, in response to a question about who the decision-maker was
at a particular customer organization, DuBois stated that a director of
maintenance or chief pilot was normally responsible for decisions on where an
aircraft went for maintenance work. Kowalewski then responded by explaining that
the directors of maintenance and chief pilots in the past received "commissions"
of $3,000 to $5,000 but were now demanding $30,000 to $40,000 in "commissions."
Similarly, in e-mail correspondence between Uhl, DuBois, Kowalewski, and several
others, Uhl responded to a question about BizJet's financial outlook if
"incentives" paid to brokers, directors of maintenance, or chief pilots
continued to increase industry wide, stating that they would "work to build
these fees into the revenue as much as possible. We must remain competitive in
this respect to maintain and gain market share."

On March 14, 2012, the department announced that it had entered into a deferred
prosecution agreement with BizJet, requiring that BizJet pay an $11.8 million
monetary penalty to resolve charges related to the corrupt conduct. That
agreement acknowledged BizJet's voluntary disclosure, extraordinary cooperation,
and extensive remediation in this case. In addition, the department announced on
March 14, 2012, that BizJet's indirect parent company, Lufthansa Technik AG,
entered into an agreement with the department in which the department agreed not
to prosecute Lufthansa Technik provided that Lufthansa Technik satisfies its
obligations under the agreement for a period of three years.

This case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office with
substantial assistance form the Oklahoma Field Office. The department has worked
closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Amsterdam, Mexico and Panama,
and has received significant assistance from Germany and Uruguay. The Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs has also provided assistance. This
case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn and Trial Attorney
David Fuhr of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Kevin Leitch of the Northern District of Oklahoma.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             975 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Florida: Owners of Home Health Companies and Patient Recruiter Plead Guilty in
Miami for Role in $20 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 892  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

The owners and operators of several Miami home health care agencies and a
patient recruiter pleaded guilty today in connection with a health care fraud
scheme involving defunct home health care company Trust Care Health Services
Inc. (Trust Care).

U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of Florida; Acting
Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's Criminal
Division; Special Agent in Charge Michael B. Steinbach of the FBI's Miami Field
Office; Special Agent in Charge Christopher B. Dennis of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Office of
Investigations Miami office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Michael J.
DePalma of the Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Miami
Field Office made the announcement.

Roberto Marrero, 60; Sandra Fernandez Viera, 49; and Enrique Rodriguez, 59, all
of Miami, pleaded guilty before U.S. Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres in the
Southern District of Florida to conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

Marrero and Fernandez Viera were owners and operators of Trust Care, a Miami
home health care agency that purported to provide home health and physical
therapy services to Medicare beneficiaries. Rodriguez worked as a patient
recruiter on behalf of Trust Care and Marrero and Fernandez Viera.

According to court documents, Marrero and Fernandez Viera operated Trust Care
for the purpose of billing the Medicare Program for, among other things,
expensive physical therapy and home health care services that were not medically
necessary and/or were not provided.

Marrero largely controlled Trust Care and, in light of that role, oversaw the
schemes operating out of the company. Fernandez Viera's primary role, among
others, involved managing and supervising personnel at Trust Care. Both Marrero
and Fernandez Viera were responsible for negotiating and paying kickbacks and
bribes, interacting with patient recruiters, and coordinating and overseeing the
submission of fraudulent claims submitted to the Medicare program.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators paid kickbacks and bribes to
patient recruiters, including Rodriguez, in return for the recruiters providing
patients to Trust Care for home health and therapy services that were medically
unnecessary and/or not provided. Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their
co-conspirators at Trust Care also paid kickbacks and bribes to co-conspirators
in doctors' offices and clinics in exchange for home health and therapy
prescriptions, medical certifications and other documentation. Marrero,
Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators used these prescriptions, medical
certifications and other documentation to fraudulently bill the Medicare program
for home health care services, which Marrero and Fernandez Viera knew was in
violation of federal criminal laws.

Rodriguez offered and paid kickbacks and bribes to Medicare beneficiaries in
return for those beneficiaries allowing Trust Care to bill Medicare for services
that were medically unnecessary and/or not provided. Rodriguez solicited and
received kickbacks and bribes from the owners and operators of Trust Care,
including Marrero and Fernandez Viera, in return for his patient recruiting.
Rodriguez knew that in many instances the patients he recruited for Trust Care
did not qualify for the services billed to Medicare.

From approximately March 2007 through at least October 2010, Trust Care
submitted more than $20 million in claims for home health services. Medicare
paid Trust Care more than $15 million for these fraudulent claims.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and Rodriguez also acknowledged their involvement in
similar fraudulent schemes at several other Miami health care agencies in
addition to Trust Care with estimated total losses of approximately $50 million,
including Global Nursing Home Health Inc., Lovable Home Health Services Corp.,
New Concepts In Health Inc., Ubieta Health System Inc., R&M Health Care Inc.,
Vital Care Home Health Services Inc., Centrum Home Health Care Inc. and A&B
Health Services Inc.

At sentencing, scheduled for Nov. 12, 2013, the defendants face a maximum
penalty of 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
five years in prison for conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

The case was investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG, with the assistance of IRS-CI,
and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the
supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney A. Brendan Stewart of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged more than 1,500
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $5
billion. In addition, HHS's Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working
in conjunction with HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov/usao/fls

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             976 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           January 8, 2003, Wednesday

POL GUILTY IN BRIBE SCHEME Bx. assemblywoman to serve 90 days in jail, pay back
20G

BYLINE: By BOB KAPPSTATTER and BARBARA ROSS DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 432 words

A veteran state lawmaker pleaded guilty yesterday to taking bribes to steer an
$880,000 construction project in her Bronx district to a contractor.

Former Democratic Assembly Whip Gloria Davis, who resigned her powerful
legislative post on Monday, also admitted taking free van rides to Albany from a
firm that did business with the state.

Davis, 64, said she pocketed $24,000 from bribe payments that ultimately totaled
$88,000 to make sure Manhattan-based JPM Associates got the job of renovating a
substance abuse facility in her district.

"I accepted this money with the understanding that it was payment for my having
gotten JPM the contract," she told Manhattan Supreme Court Justice Micki Scherer
in a voice barely above a whisper.

Authorities later said Davis used some of the bribe money to buy a time-share in
the Bahamas and pay family expenses.

Davis would have faced five to 15 years in jail if she had been convicted after
a trial.

Instead, she cut a deal with prosecutors that calls for her to serve a 90-day
jail sentence and pay $20,000 in restitution.

"I'm sorry there was no trial so you could have seen her on videotape," said
Manhattan District Attorney Robert Morgenthau, referring to tapes in which Davis
is allegedly captured discussing her bribes.

Morgenthau said Davis pleaded guilty to avoid having those tapes disclosed.

Davis, who served in the state Legislature since 1980, will still be allowed to
collect her state pension, estimated at about $47,000 a year.

Morgenthau and his aides defended the deal, citing Davis' age and concluding she
would have difficulty making full restitution even with her pension.

As the state's second most powerful Democratic lawmaker, Davis earned $94,000 a
year.

Davis said in early 2001, a political pal, Carl Valverde, introduced her to the
contractor, who agreed to a 10% kickback of the contract to refurbish a
substance abuse center run by a local group controlled by Davis.

She said she met with JPM's president, who was not identified, and arranged to
collect her share directly.

Valverde died of cancer before he could be charged. Prosecutors said Carlos
Jenkins, the group's attorney, was also involved in the scheme. Sources said he
cooperated with investigators.

During the probe, Jenkins, who was Davis' political protege, was elected a Civil
Court judge, but later resigned.

In a second bribe scheme, Davis admitted accepting free van rides to Albany from
Correctional Services Inc., a company she helped win renewal of a contract for
halfway houses for state inmates.


LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gloria Davis

                        Copyright 2003 Daily News, L.P.


                             977 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 23, 1999, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

NY CLERK TOOK BRIBES IN DIVORCE CASES

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A11

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Over the course of their ugly three-year divorce, Ronald Perelman, a billionaire
businessman, and Patricia Duff, a millionaire political fund-raiser, have
squandered more than $ 4 million on legal fees.

If only they had known.

Manhattan's chief matrimonial clerk has acknowledged taking bribes as small as $
10 to expedite divorce cases, perhaps as many as 2,000 of them since 1992.

Unlike the Perelman-Duff case, these divorces were uncontested. But the clerk's
guilty plea last week has raised questions about the validity of the divorces
involved and the possibility that some people unwittingly went on to commit
bigamy.

"It's sort of bizarre. Common sense tells you that some of those people have
remarried," Raoul Felder, a celebrity divorce lawyer, said Wednesday. "They're
people who are technical bigamists, but they're really victims."

Prosecutors say the bribes, which ranged from $ 10 to several hundred dollars,
were paid to speed up the divorce process. Rather than waiting the usual two to
six weeks, the bribes ensured delivery of a divorce decree in less than 48
hours.

Steven Singer, 50, who earned almost $ 83,000 a year as Manhattan's chief
matrimonial clerk, pleaded guilty Friday to three charges of taking bribes. He
faces seven years in prison.

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                             978 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Washington: New York City Official Sentenced In Manhattan Federal Court For Food
Stamp Bribery Scheme

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 Preet Bharara, United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York,
announced that HARRY FLETCHER was sentenced yesterday in Manhattan federal court
to 36 months in prison for taking more than $20,000 in bribes in exchange for
awarding more than $240,000 in food stamp benefits.

FLETCHER, a former official of the New York City Human Resources Administration
("HRA"), was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Kevin T. Duffy.  FLETCHER pled
guilty in April 2016 to one count of soliciting and accepting bribes from
various persons in exchange for enabling those persons to receive Supplemental
Nutrition Assistant Program ("SNAP," formerly known as Food Stamps) benefits for
which they were not eligible. Manhattan U.S. Attorney Bharara said:  "As he
admitted in court, Harry Fletcher set up a scheme to receive bribes for
providing illegitimate benefits.  By doing so, he didn't just take advantage of
New York City's social services system, he abused some of the neediest and least
fortunate in the City." According to the allegations in the Complaint and other
documents, and statements made in Manhattan federal court: The HRA provides
temporary help to individuals and families with social service and economic
needs to assist them in reaching self-sufficiency.  Its services include, among
other things, providing food stamps to low-income families and individuals.
Although the food stamp program is administered locally through HRA, SNAP
benefits are funded entirely by the federal government.  To apply for SNAP
benefits, an applicant must complete and sign an application form listing, among
other things, the applicant's income and financial assets.  HRA Eligibility
Specialists such as FLETCHER are supposed to interview SNAP program applicants
and review applicant documentation in order to determine if the applicant is
eligible to receive SNAP benefits.    Beginning in 2009, FLETCHER approached two
landlords, who are referred to in the Complaint as CW-1 and CW-2, and who have
pled guilty and are cooperating with the Government, and offered to provide CW-1
and CW-2 with monthly SNAP benefits in return for recurring bribe payments.
CW-1 and CW-2 agreed to pay the bribes and, as a result, received tens of
thousands of dollars of SNAP benefits for which they were not eligible from 2009
through 2015.  CW-1 and CW-2 then recruited other individuals to the scheme,
each of whom obtained monthly SNAP benefits arranged by FLETCHER, without regard
to whether the applicant qualified for such benefits, in return for continued
bribes.  In total, FLETCHER accepted over $20,000 in bribes for improperly
approving over $240,000 in SNAP benefits to CW-1, CW-2, and the remaining
defendants.  The applicants bribing FLETCHER were ineligible for SNAP benefits
due to their income or to the fact that they did not reside in New York City and
thus were not eligible for New York City social service programs.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             979 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                          The Monitor (McAllen, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 27, 2011 Tuesday

Ex-probation officer gets 14 years for giving info to drug smugglers

BYLINE: Jared Taylor, The Monitor, McAllen, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 385 words


Sept. 27--BROWNSVILLE -- A federal judge sent a former probation officer to
prison after he admitted to accepting bribes from drug traffickers.

Edinburg resident Armando Mora, 38, was sentenced to 14 years in federal prison
after a hearing before U.S. District Judge Hilda Tagle in Brownsville.

Mora admitted to accepting bribes and turning over confidential information to
members of an unnamed drug trafficking organization while employed as a U.S.
probation officer.

Federal investigators said the drug traffickers would turn over names of
potential drug load couriers to Mora, who would then examine the prospective
driver's criminal history and whether they had any active arrest warrants.

The drug trafficking bosses would then decide whether they should hire the
prospective courier based on the information Mora provided.

Mora received a $5,000 bribe in July 2009 from one of the drug cartel bosses in
exchange for the sensitive information, prosecutors said.

The bribery scheme stretched between February and July 2009, when agents seized
more than 2 tons of marijuana and 500 pounds of cocaine from the drivers hired
with the information Mora provided.

Drug smugglers did not hire everyone screened by Mora. Three drivers were
dismissed by the smugglers after Mora said two candidates were undercover agents
and a third was giving information to the FBI.

Federal probation officers check criminal defendants' backgrounds and provide
pre-sentencing and bond recommendations to federal judges. The probation
officers' investigations often detail sensitive information about the
defendant's background and how he became involved in crime.

Prosecutors, defense lawyers and the defendants have access to the probation
officers' reports even when sealed by the court. They are not available to the
general public for review.

The case was investigated by the FBI and Immigration and Customs Enforcement.

Jared Taylor covers courts and general assignments for The Monitor. He can be
reached at (956) 683-4439.

BACKGROUND

Earlier chapters in this story:

July 15, 2009: Prosecutors: Probation officer bribed by drug traffickers

Dec. 2, 2009: Probation officer admits to aiding drug traffickers

___ (c)2011 The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) Visit The Monitor (McAllen, Texas) at
www.themonitor.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110927-MC-Ex-probation-officer-gets-14-years-for-giving-info-to-drug-smugglers
-0927-20110927

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MC


                           Copyright 2011 The Monitor


                             980 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             March 29, 2005 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Former judge cleared ;
Charles Hill was accused of taking a $10,000 bribe.

BYLINE: Nolan Clay, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 273 words


A former Oklahoma County judge was cleared of an anonymous accusation that he
took a $10,000 bribe in a criminal case.

Retired Special Judge Charles G. Hill said Monday, "I'm very relieved."

District Attorney Wes Lane told Hill in a letter Friday no criminal charges will
be filed.

"I am absolutely convinced such allegation is without merit and is totally
false," Lane wrote after reviewing an Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation
report.

Hill came under investigation last year after District Judge Twyla Mason Gray
reported she received the bribery accusation on a fax machine. At the time, Hill
was presiding over a preliminary hearing in a gambling case.

Hill was accused of taking a bribe from one of the defendants, Oklahoma City
attorney Charles A. Shadid.

"The anonymous fax ... was, in my opinion, an attempt to besmirch the
outstanding reputation of Judge Charles Hill," Lane wrote. "In my professional
and personal opinion, Judge Charles Hill is a man who has worked hard to
maintain his integrity."

For ex-judge, 'It still hurts' Hill, 72, is now retired and living in Wichita,
Kan. "It hurt. It still hurts," he said.

Hill also was at the center last year of a controversy involving bail bonds.
Some judges questioned why Hill forgave certain bail bondsmen from having to pay
forfeited bonds. The FBI has looked into the handling of bond forfeitures in
Oklahoma County.

Shadid and others were charged in 2002 after police shut down the Apache Oak
Cliff Indian Center in southeast Oklahoma City. Police said the gaming center
was not actually on Indian land.

District Judge Vicki Robertson dismissed the case in December because of
repeated delays.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             981 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             June 5, 2004 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Convicted auditor details payoffs;
Court told Tax Commission employees took bribes

BYLINE: Randy Ellis, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 434 words


Bribes ranging from cases of whiskey to more than $70,000 in money orders were
among the payments Oklahoma Tax Commission employees received for "fixing"
registration problems for the owners of a corrupt truck registration business, a
former tax commission employee testified Friday.

Furniture, gift certificates and cash were among other bribes that were paid by
owners of Carrier Services LLC, testified Billy Bruce Baber, a former tax
commission auditor who is serving a five-year prison sentence for his role in
the tax commission truck registration scandal. Baber also indicated corruption
problems within the tax commission go higher up than the individuals who have so
far been charged. Baber said he knew that his one-time supervisor, David
Nicholson, was on the take, but said he never personally witnessed Nicholson
receiving a bribe.

Nicholson could not be reached for comment. He has not been charged.

Baber was one of the key witnesses Friday on the opening day of a preliminary
hearing for Carrier Services owners Donald R. Robinson, 50, of Oklahoma City and
Theresa Moyers, 42, of Newcastle. They are charged with 21 counts of bribery, 24
counts of perjury, 24 counts of filing false applications, one count of
conspiracy and one count of racketeering.

Two other owners previously have pleaded guilty. Theresa Moyers' husband,
Larrie, pleaded guilty to a conspiracy charge last March and was sentenced to 10
years in prison, and her mother, Jo Ann Matthews, pleaded guilty earlier this
week and received a five-year deferred sentence.

Baber testified his initial experience with receiving bribes from Carrier
Services came several years ago when Dwight Neeley, now deceased, was an owner.

Neeley used to tell tax commission employees who had helped him to go unlock
their cars, Baber said. Later, employees would go out in the parking lot and
find that things like cases of whiskey or gift certificates to stores had been
placed in their vehicles.

After Neeley sold the business, Robinson became the person who paid bribes,
Baber said.

Initially, Robinson would buy tax commission employees' drinks at clubs, Baber
said. Later, he began handing out cash.

At one point, Robinson was paying Baber $50 for each truck registration
application that was "fixed" and Baber would pass part of the money on to
employees who helped him, Baber testified.

Baber identified 111 money orders that he said came from Robinson. The money
orders totaled $77,400, said Charles Rogers, an assistant attorney general who
is prosecuting the case.

Testimony is scheduled to continue Friday in Oklahoma County District Court.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                             982 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Former Chief Executive Officer of Lufthansa Subsidiary Bizjet Pleads
Guilty to Foreign Bribery Charges

LENGTH: 1074  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The former president and chief executive officer of BizJet International Sales
and Support Inc., a U.S.-based subsidiary of Lufthansa Technik AG with
headquarters in Tulsa, Oklahoma, that provides aircraft maintenance, repair and
overhaul services, pleaded guilty today for his participation in a scheme to pay
bribes to foreign government officials.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Danny C. Williams Sr., of the Northern District
of Oklahoma and Assistant Director in Charge Valerie Parlave of the FBI's
Washington Field Office made the announcement.

"The former CEO of BizJet, Bernd Kowalewski, has become the third and most
senior Bizjet executive to plead guilty to bribing officials in Mexico and
Panama to get contracts for aircraft services," said Assistant Attorney General
Caldwell. "While Kowalewski and his fellow executives referred to the corrupt
payments as 'commissions' and 'incentives,' they were bribes, plain and simple.
Though he was living abroad when the charges were unsealed, the reach of the law
extends beyond U.S. borders, resulting in Kowalewski's arrest in Amsterdam and
his appearance in court today in the United States. Today's guilty plea is an
example of our continued determination to hold corporate executives responsible
for criminal wrongdoing whenever the evidence allows."

"I commend the investigators and prosecutors who worked together across borders
and jurisdictions to vigorously enforce the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act," said
U.S. Attorney Williams. "Partnership is a necessity in all investigations. By
forging and strengthening international partnerships to combat bribery, the
Department of Justice is advancing its efforts to prevent crime and to protect
citizens."

Bernd Kowalewski, 57, the former President and CEO of BizJet, pleaded guilty
today in federal court in Tulsa, Oklahoma, to conspiracy to violate the Foreign
Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) and a substantive violation of the FCPA in
connection with a scheme to pay bribes to officials in Mexico and Panama in
exchange for those officials' assistance in securing contracts for BizJet to
perform aircraft maintenance, repair and overhaul services.

Kowalewski was arrested on a provisional arrest warrant by authorities in
Amsterdam on March 13, 2014, and waived extradition on June 20, 2014. Kowalewski
is the third BizJet executive to plead guilty in this case. Peter DuBois, the
former Vice President of Sales and Marketing, pleaded guilty on Jan. 5, 2012, to
conspiracy to violate the FCPA and a substantive violation of the FCPA and Neal
Uhl, the former Vice President of Finance, pleaded guilty on Jan. 5, 2012, to
conspiracy to violate the FCPA. Jald Jensen, the former sales manager at BizJet,
has been indicted for conspiracy as well as substantive FCPA violations and
money laundering and is believed to be living abroad. Charges were unsealed
against the four defendants on April 5, 2013.

According to court filings, Kowalewski and his co-conspirators paid bribes
directly to foreign officials to secure aircraft maintenance repair and overhaul
contracts, and in some instances, the defendants funneled bribes to foreign
officials through a shell company owned and operated by Jensen. The shell
company, Avionica International & Associates Inc., operated under the pretense
of providing aircraft maintenance brokerage services but in reality laundered
money related to BizJet's bribery scheme. Bribes were paid to officials employed
by the Mexican Policia Federal Preventiva, the Mexican Coordinacion General de
Transportes Aereos Presidenciales, the air fleet for the Gobierno del Estado de
Sinaloa, the air fleet for the Gobierno del Estado de Sonora and the Republica
de Panama Autoridad Aeronautica Civil.

Further according to court filings, the co-conspirators discussed in e-mail
correspondence and at corporate meetings the need to pay bribes, which they
referred to internally as "commissions" or "incentives," to officials employed
by the foreign government agencies in order to secure the contracts. At one
meeting, for example, in response to a question about who the decision-maker was
at a particular customer organization, DuBois stated that a director of
maintenance or chief pilot was normally responsible for decisions on where an
aircraft went for maintenance work. Kowalewski then responded by explaining that
the directors of maintenance and chief pilots in the past received "commissions"
of $3,000 to $5,000 but were now demanding $30,000 to $40,000 in "commissions."
Similarly, in e-mail correspondence between Uhl, DuBois, Kowalewski, and several
others, Uhl responded to a question about BizJet's financial outlook if
"incentives" paid to brokers, directors of maintenance, or chief pilots
continued to increase industry wide, stating that they would "work to build
these fees into the revenue as much as possible. We must remain competitive in
this respect to maintain and gain market share."

On March 14, 2012, the department announced that it had entered into a deferred
prosecution agreement with BizJet, requiring that BizJet pay an $11.8 million
monetary penalty to resolve charges related to the corrupt conduct. That
agreement acknowledged BizJet's voluntary disclosure, extraordinary cooperation,
and extensive remediation in this case. In addition, the department announced on
March 14, 2012, that BizJet's indirect parent company, Lufthansa Technik AG,
entered into an agreement with the department in which the department agreed not
to prosecute Lufthansa Technik provided that Lufthansa Technik satisfies its
obligations under the agreement for a period of three years.

This case is being investigated by the FBI's Washington Field Office with
substantial assistance form the Oklahoma Field Office. The department has worked
closely with its law enforcement counterparts in Amsterdam, Mexico and Panama,
and has received significant assistance from Germany and Uruguay. The Criminal
Division's Office of International Affairs has also provided assistance. This
case is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn and Trial Attorney
David Fuhr of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney
Kevin Leitch of the Northern District of Oklahoma.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov


LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             983 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               October 16, 1987, Friday, Late City Final Edition

Witness Denies Inconsistencies In Zaccaro Trial

BYLINE: By GEORGE JAMES

SECTION: Section B; Page 3, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 478 words


The prosecution's main witness in the trial of John A. Zaccaro said yesterday
that prosecutors should not have been surprised when he testified he did not
believe Mr. Zaccaro had tried to extort a bribe.

Asserting that his testimony was ''absolutely consistent'' with what he had told
a grand jury, the witness, Richard M. Flynn, said he had told the prosecution
''that according to my knowledge, Mr. Zaccaro did not attempt a bribe or
threaten to extort.''

After the verdict, jurors said the testimony of Mr. Flynn, a former counsel for
the Cablevision Systems Corporation who is chairman of the New York Power
Authority, had confused them. They said the confusion was a key factor in the
acquittal of Mr. Zaccaro on Wednesday on charges he sought a bribe from
Cablevision in October 1981 in return for a cable television franchise in
Queens.

Unasked Questions

Mr. Flynn, who waived immunity in his grand jury testimony, was in Washington
yesterday. He said in a telephone interview:

''I was not asked before the grand jury, 'Did Mr. Zaccaro solicit a bribe or
commit extortion?' Indeed, I was never asked anything to the effect did he ask
me for money. I learned, I guess, that sometimes it appears more difficult to
say consistently that a person did not do something than they did.''

Mr. Flynn's testimony raised questions about his credibility and whether the
case should have been tried.

''There is some question that I was inconsistent in this matter,'' he said.
''But I have told the truth from the day one.''

He said no one in the Cuomo administration had expressed displeasure with his
testimony or suggested he resign.

Comparing the Testimony

The prosecutor, Paul W. Pickelle, declined to comment on Mr. Flynn's remarks.
But after the acquittal, the Queens District Attorney, John J. Santucci, said
his office was comparing Mr. Flynn's testimony in front of the grand jury and at
the trial.

The prosecution acknowledged Mr. Flynn had never been asked by the grand jury
whether he thought a bribe had been solicited because the prosecution believed
his opinion should have been considered irrelevant.

During the trial, Mr. Pickelle objected when the defense asked Mr. Flynn whether
he had thought Mr. Zaccaro was asking for money from Cablevision to secure the
franchise or that Mr. Zaccaro had been threatening the company.

At the trial, Mr. Flynn stunned the court when he said no to both questions. He
was later declared a hostile witness.

Mr. Pickelle said in closing that Mr. Flynn, 56 years old, had ''waffled,'' in
part because of his friendship with Mr. Zaccaro and his wife, Geraldine A.
Ferraro, and that Mr. Flynn was under pressure because Ms. Ferraro had been
''badmouthing'' him in influential circles, including John Cardinal O'Connor.

''I have no knowledge she made such a statement,'' Mr. Flynn said yesterday.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                             984 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Two New Haven Trustees Charged with Demanding and Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    An elected Trustee of New Haven, Michigan was charged today in a criminal
complaint with demanding and taking a bribe in exchange for his official acts in
connection with a municipal contract, United States Attorney Barbara McQuade
announced. In addition, a former Trustee of New Haven was charged in a criminal
information with accepting multiple bribes.



    McQuade was joined in the announcement by FBI Special Agent in Charge David
P. Gelios and Manny J. Muriel, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation, Detroit Field Office.

    Christopher Craigmiles, 43, of Lenox Township, is charged in a complaint
with engaging in corrupt activity, including demanding and accepting money in
exchange for official acts as a Trustee of New Haven. Craigmiles is a current,
elected Trustee of the Village of New Haven. Brett Harris, 57, of New Haven, is
charged in an information with accepting multiple bribes in exchange for a
promise to support a future municipal contract for the village. Harris was an
elected Trustee of New Haven until losing re-election in November 2016. The
charges against Craigmiles and Harris are part of an ongoing and long-running
investigation into systemic corruption in multiple municipalities in southeast
Michigan, primarily Macomb County. The investigation has employed telephone
wiretaps, consensual audio and video recordings by cooperative individuals,
undercover operations, physical surveillance, telephone tracking warrants, and
subpoenas of financial records and other documents.

    The criminal information against Harris charges that Harris conspired with
Craigmiles and former Clinton Township Trustee Dean Reynolds to engage in
bribery in the summer of 2016. Reynolds unwittingly introduced Harris to an
undercover FBI agent who was posing as a consultant to a company that has
contracts with various municipalities in southeast Michigan--referred to in the
information as "Company A." Reynolds told the undercover agent that Harris was a
public official who would be willing to take bribes in exchange for his vote on
a future contract with Company A. Previously, Reynolds had accepted $17,000 in
cash bribes from the undercover agent and between $50,000 and $70,000 in bribes
from an executive of Company A, and Reynolds is currently charged in a pending
federal indictment. After being introduced to the undercover agent by Reynolds,
Harris accepted multiple bribes amounting to $11,000 in cash from the undercover
agent in exchange for his vote as a Trustee on a future contract between New
Haven and Company A. In August 2016, Harris then introduced the undercover agent
to Craigmiles. Harris identified Craigmiles as being another New Haven Trustee
who would accept bribes. The criminal complaint charges Craigmiles with
accepting a $5,000 cash bribe from the undercover FBI agent in August 2016.
Craigmiles agreed to support a future contract for Company A in exchange for the
money.

    "Our elected officials must make decisions based on what is best for the
people and our communities, not based on whether they are given cash," said U.S.
Attorney McQuade. "Elected officials who violate the public trust by accepting
bribes must be arrested and prosecuted."

    "Today's announcement of public corruption charges, in the Village of New
Haven, demonstrates the FBI's unyielding commitment to aggressively investigate
public servants, past or present, who accept bribes in exchange for official
actions, said David P. Gelios, Special Agent in Charge, Detroit Division of the
FBI. "Illegal conduct as described today erodes the trust and confidence
community members place in their elected officials and threatens the integrity
of our system of governance."

    This investigation is being conducted by the FBI Detroit Area Corruption
Task Force, a multiagency task force led by the FBI Detroit Division and
comprised of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation Division,
Michigan State Police, Michigan Attorney General's Office, and several other
local and federal law enforcement agencies. It is being prosecuted by Assistant
United States Attorneys R. Michael Bullotta and David A. Gardey.

    Upon conviction for a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section
666, federal program bribery, Craigmiles faces a maximum of ten years in prison
and a fine of up to $250,000. Upon conviction for a violation of Title 18,
United States Code, Section 371, conspiracy to commit federal program bribery,
Harris faces a maximum of five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.

    Court appearances for Craigmiles and Harris will take place sometime next
week.

    A complaint and an information are only charges and are not evidence of
guilt. Trial cannot be held on felony charges in a complaint. When the
investigation is completed a determination will be made whether to seek a felony
indictment.

    The FBI requests that anyone having information regarding public officials
accepting bribes is encouraged to contact the Detroit Division of the FBI at
313-965-2222.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             985 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 12, 2017 Thursday

Washington: Two New Haven Trustees Charged with Demanding and Taking Bribes

LENGTH: 883  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    An elected Trustee of New Haven, Michigan was charged today in a criminal
complaint with demanding and taking a bribe in exchange for his official acts in
connection with a municipal contract, United States Attorney Barbara McQuade
announced. In addition, a former Trustee of New Haven was charged in a criminal
information with accepting multiple bribes.



    McQuade was joined in the announcement by FBI Special Agent in Charge David
P. Gelios and Manny J. Muriel, Special Agent in Charge, Internal Revenue
Service-Criminal Investigation, Detroit Field Office.

    Christopher Craigmiles, 43, of Lenox Township, is charged in a complaint
with engaging in corrupt activity, including demanding and accepting money in
exchange for official acts as a Trustee of New Haven. Craigmiles is a current,
elected Trustee of the Village of New Haven. Brett Harris, 57, of New Haven, is
charged in an information with accepting multiple bribes in exchange for a
promise to support a future municipal contract for the village. Harris was an
elected Trustee of New Haven until losing re-election in November 2016. The
charges against Craigmiles and Harris are part of an ongoing and long-running
investigation into systemic corruption in multiple municipalities in southeast
Michigan, primarily Macomb County. The investigation has employed telephone
wiretaps, consensual audio and video recordings by cooperative individuals,
undercover operations, physical surveillance, telephone tracking warrants, and
subpoenas of financial records and other documents.

    The criminal information against Harris charges that Harris conspired with
Craigmiles and former Clinton Township Trustee Dean Reynolds to engage in
bribery in the summer of 2016. Reynolds unwittingly introduced Harris to an
undercover FBI agent who was posing as a consultant to a company that has
contracts with various municipalities in southeast Michigan--referred to in the
information as "Company A." Reynolds told the undercover agent that Harris was a
public official who would be willing to take bribes in exchange for his vote on
a future contract with Company A. Previously, Reynolds had accepted $17,000 in
cash bribes from the undercover agent and between $50,000 and $70,000 in bribes
from an executive of Company A, and Reynolds is currently charged in a pending
federal indictment. After being introduced to the undercover agent by Reynolds,
Harris accepted multiple bribes amounting to $11,000 in cash from the undercover
agent in exchange for his vote as a Trustee on a future contract between New
Haven and Company A. In August 2016, Harris then introduced the undercover agent
to Craigmiles. Harris identified Craigmiles as being another New Haven Trustee
who would accept bribes. The criminal complaint charges Craigmiles with
accepting a $5,000 cash bribe from the undercover FBI agent in August 2016.
Craigmiles agreed to support a future contract for Company A in exchange for the
money.

    "Our elected officials must make decisions based on what is best for the
people and our communities, not based on whether they are given cash," said U.S.
Attorney McQuade. "Elected officials who violate the public trust by accepting
bribes must be arrested and prosecuted."

    "Today's announcement of public corruption charges, in the Village of New
Haven, demonstrates the FBI's unyielding commitment to aggressively investigate
public servants, past or present, who accept bribes in exchange for official
actions, said David P. Gelios, Special Agent in Charge, Detroit Division of the
FBI. "Illegal conduct as described today erodes the trust and confidence
community members place in their elected officials and threatens the integrity
of our system of governance."

    This investigation is being conducted by the FBI Detroit Area Corruption
Task Force, a multiagency task force led by the FBI Detroit Division and
comprised of the Internal Revenue Service - Criminal Investigation Division,
Michigan State Police, Michigan Attorney General's Office, and several other
local and federal law enforcement agencies. It is being prosecuted by Assistant
United States Attorneys R. Michael Bullotta and David A. Gardey.

    Upon conviction for a violation of Title 18, United States Code, Section
666, federal program bribery, Craigmiles faces a maximum of ten years in prison
and a fine of up to $250,000. Upon conviction for a violation of Title 18,
United States Code, Section 371, conspiracy to commit federal program bribery,
Harris faces a maximum of five years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000.

    Court appearances for Craigmiles and Harris will take place sometime next
week.

    A complaint and an information are only charges and are not evidence of
guilt. Trial cannot be held on felony charges in a complaint. When the
investigation is completed a determination will be made whether to seek a felony
indictment.

    The FBI requests that anyone having information regarding public officials
accepting bribes is encouraged to contact the Detroit Division of the FBI at
313-965-2222.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             986 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Washington: Independent Contractor in Afghanistan Pleads Guilty to His Role in
Offering $54,000 in Bribes to a U.S. Government Official

LENGTH: 520  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

Earlier today at the federal courthouse in Brooklyn, Akbar Ahmad Sherzai, an
independent contractor for a trucking company operating in Afghanistan that was
responsible for delivering fuel to U.S. Army installations, pleaded guilty to
his role in offering a U.S. Army serviceman $54,000 in bribes to falsify
documents to reflect the successful delivery of fuel shipments that Army records
indicate were never delivered. When sentenced, he faces a maximum of 15 years'
imprisonment and a $250,000 fine.

The guilty plea was announced by Loretta E. Lynch, United States Attorney for
the Eastern District of New York, and Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili
Raman of the Justice Department's Criminal Division.

"The defendant sought to use deception, corruption, and greed to enrich his
company at the risk of jeopardizing the U.S. Army's supply lines in Afghanistan.
Attempts to corrupt American officials will not be tolerated, either at home or
abroad," stated United States Attorney Lynch. Ms. Lynch extended her grateful
appreciation to the Special Inspector General for the Afghanistan
Reconstruction, Homeland Security Investigations, and the Federal Bureau of
Investigation for their assistance in this case.

The U.S. Army regularly contracts with local Afghan trucking companies to
transport U.S. military equipment, fuel, and other supplies throughout
Afghanistan. To ensure the companies fulfilled these requests, the U.S. Army
used transportation movement requests (TMRs), which, when properly completed,
verified that the shipments were successfully completed, before approving
payments to the trucking companies.

In April 2013, Sherzai approached a U.S. military serviceman to discuss fuel
delivery missions that had been classified by the U.S. Army as "no-shows,"
meaning that the fuel had not been delivered. Sherzai offered the serviceman a
bribe to falsify the TMRs to reflect successful deliveries so that Sherzai's
company would receive payment and avoid penalties for failed fuel deliveries.
The serviceman, under the supervision of law enforcement, continued to meet with
Sherzai to discuss payments for the falsification of records. On two separate
occasions, Sherzai paid the serviceman bribes in cash on American military bases
in Afghanistan. On another occasion, Sherzai arranged for the serviceman's bribe
to be transferred to the United States through a hawala, an informal money
transfer system. In total, Sherzai paid the serviceman $54,000 in cash to
falsify 14 TMRs. Each no-show delivery mission, absent the fraudulent TMRs,
would have resulted in a fine of the company by the U.S. government of $75,000.

Sherzai was arrested on a criminal complaint on September 24, 2013. The guilty
plea proceeding was held before U.S. Magistrate Judge Robert M. Levy.

The government's case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Amir H.
Toossi and Trial Attorney Daniel Butler of the Fraud Section, Criminal Division,
U.S. Department of Justice.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             987 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Washington: Owners of Home Health Companies and Patient Recruiter Plead Guilty
in Miami for Role in $20 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 888  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The owners and operators of several Miami home health care agencies and a
patient recruiter pleaded guilty today in connection with a health care fraud
scheme involving defunct home health care company Trust Care Health Services
Inc. (Trust Care).

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida; Special Agent in Charge Michael B. Steinbach of the FBI's Miami Field
Office; Special Agent in Charge Christopher B. Dennis of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Office of
Investigations Miami office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Michael J.
DePalma of the Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Miami
Field Office made the announcement.

Roberto Marrero, 60; Sandra Fernandez Viera, 49; and Enrique Rodriguez, 59, all
of Miami, pleaded guilty before U.S. Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres in the
Southern District of Florida to conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

Marrero and Fernandez Viera were owners and operators of Trust Care, a Miami
home health care agency that purported to provide home health and physical
therapy services to Medicare beneficiaries. Rodriguez worked as a patient
recruiter on behalf of Trust Care and Marrero and Fernandez Viera.

According to court documents, Marrero and Fernandez Viera operated Trust Care
for the purpose of billing the Medicare Program for, among other things,
expensive physical therapy and home health care services that were not medically
necessary and/or were not provided.

Marrero largely controlled Trust Care and, in light of that role, oversaw the
schemes operating out of the company. Fernandez Viera's primary role, among
others, involved managing and supervising personnel at Trust Care. Both Marrero
and Fernandez Viera were responsible for negotiating and paying kickbacks and
bribes, interacting with patient recruiters, and coordinating and overseeing the
submission of fraudulent claims submitted to the Medicare program.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators paid kickbacks and bribes to
patient recruiters, including Rodriguez, in return for the recruiters providing
patients to Trust Care for home health and therapy services that were medically
unnecessary and/or not provided. Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their
co-conspirators at Trust Care also paid kickbacks and bribes to co-conspirators
in doctors' offices and clinics in exchange for home health and therapy
prescriptions, medical certifications and other documentation. Marrero,
Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators used these prescriptions, medical
certifications and other documentation to fraudulently bill the Medicare program
for home health care services, which Marrero and Fernandez Viera knew was in
violation of federal criminal laws.

Rodriguez offered and paid kickbacks and bribes to Medicare beneficiaries in
return for those beneficiaries allowing Trust Care to bill Medicare for services
that were medically unnecessary and/or not provided. Rodriguez solicited and
received kickbacks and bribes from the owners and operators of Trust Care,
including Marrero and Fernandez Viera, in return for his patient recruiting.
Rodriguez knew that in many instances the patients he recruited for Trust Care
did not qualify for the services billed to Medicare.

From approximately March 2007 through at least October 2010, Trust Care
submitted more than $20 million in claims for home health services. Medicare
paid Trust Care more than $15 million for these fraudulent claims.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and Rodriguez also acknowledged their involvement in
similar fraudulent schemes at several other Miami health care agencies in
addition to Trust Care with estimated total losses of approximately $50 million,
including Global Nursing Home Health Inc., Lovable Home Health Services Corp.,
New Concepts In Health Inc., Ubieta Health System Inc., R&M Health Care Inc.,
Vital Care Home Health Services Inc., Centrum Home Health Care Inc. and A&B
Health Services Inc.

At sentencing, scheduled for Nov. 12, 2013, the defendants face a maximum
penalty of 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
five years in prison for conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

The case was investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG, with the assistance of IRS-CI,
and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the
supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney A. Brendan Stewart of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged more than 1,500
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $5
billion. In addition, HHS's Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working
in conjunction with HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             988 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 5, 2013 Thursday

Washington: Owners of Home Health Companies and Patient Recruiter Plead Guilty
in Miami for Role in $20 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 888  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

The owners and operators of several Miami home health care agencies and a
patient recruiter pleaded guilty today in connection with a health care fraud
scheme involving defunct home health care company Trust Care Health Services
Inc. (Trust Care).

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida; Special Agent in Charge Michael B. Steinbach of the FBI's Miami Field
Office; Special Agent in Charge Christopher B. Dennis of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Office of
Investigations Miami office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Michael J.
DePalma of the Internal Revenue Service--Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Miami
Field Office made the announcement.

Roberto Marrero, 60; Sandra Fernandez Viera, 49; and Enrique Rodriguez, 59, all
of Miami, pleaded guilty before U.S. Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres in the
Southern District of Florida to conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

Marrero and Fernandez Viera were owners and operators of Trust Care, a Miami
home health care agency that purported to provide home health and physical
therapy services to Medicare beneficiaries. Rodriguez worked as a patient
recruiter on behalf of Trust Care and Marrero and Fernandez Viera.

According to court documents, Marrero and Fernandez Viera operated Trust Care
for the purpose of billing the Medicare Program for, among other things,
expensive physical therapy and home health care services that were not medically
necessary and/or were not provided.

Marrero largely controlled Trust Care and, in light of that role, oversaw the
schemes operating out of the company. Fernandez Viera's primary role, among
others, involved managing and supervising personnel at Trust Care. Both Marrero
and Fernandez Viera were responsible for negotiating and paying kickbacks and
bribes, interacting with patient recruiters, and coordinating and overseeing the
submission of fraudulent claims submitted to the Medicare program.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators paid kickbacks and bribes to
patient recruiters, including Rodriguez, in return for the recruiters providing
patients to Trust Care for home health and therapy services that were medically
unnecessary and/or not provided. Marrero, Fernandez Viera and their
co-conspirators at Trust Care also paid kickbacks and bribes to co-conspirators
in doctors' offices and clinics in exchange for home health and therapy
prescriptions, medical certifications and other documentation. Marrero,
Fernandez Viera and their co-conspirators used these prescriptions, medical
certifications and other documentation to fraudulently bill the Medicare program
for home health care services, which Marrero and Fernandez Viera knew was in
violation of federal criminal laws.

Rodriguez offered and paid kickbacks and bribes to Medicare beneficiaries in
return for those beneficiaries allowing Trust Care to bill Medicare for services
that were medically unnecessary and/or not provided. Rodriguez solicited and
received kickbacks and bribes from the owners and operators of Trust Care,
including Marrero and Fernandez Viera, in return for his patient recruiting.
Rodriguez knew that in many instances the patients he recruited for Trust Care
did not qualify for the services billed to Medicare.

From approximately March 2007 through at least October 2010, Trust Care
submitted more than $20 million in claims for home health services. Medicare
paid Trust Care more than $15 million for these fraudulent claims.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera and Rodriguez also acknowledged their involvement in
similar fraudulent schemes at several other Miami health care agencies in
addition to Trust Care with estimated total losses of approximately $50 million,
including Global Nursing Home Health Inc., Lovable Home Health Services Corp.,
New Concepts In Health Inc., Ubieta Health System Inc., R&M Health Care Inc.,
Vital Care Home Health Services Inc., Centrum Home Health Care Inc. and A&B
Health Services Inc.

At sentencing, scheduled for Nov. 12, 2013, the defendants face a maximum
penalty of 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
five years in prison for conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

The case was investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG, with the assistance of IRS-CI,
and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the
supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney A. Brendan Stewart of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged more than 1,500
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $5
billion. In addition, HHS's Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working
in conjunction with HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

For more information please visit: http://www.justice.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             989 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 17, 2005 Thursday

SCHOOL BRIBE BUSTS - BUILD BIGS 'GOT 60G'

BYLINE: DAVID ANDREATTA Education Reporter

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 441 words


Six officials who oversaw school construction projects have been busted for
allegedly taking tens of thousands of dollars in bribes, federal and state
authorities said yesterday.

Prosecutors said the six  School Construction Au  thority officials, three of
whom currently work for  the agency, demanded  cash from contractors in
exchange for authorizing  their payments.

According to an indictment and criminal complaints:

* Neron Holder, 48, a project officer, and Paul Nair, a former director of
payment processing, solicited and accepted $40,000 from a contractor working on
a Bronx school and conspired to have renovations done on their homes.

The federal government is seeking to repossess Nair's 1996 Corvette, which
prosecutors claim he bought with bribe money.

* Winston Davis last year accepted $8,500 for approving payments to a contractor
for roofing work performed on PS 152 in The Bronx, telling the contractor that
"people don't like us," so "we have to help ourselves."

* Former project officer Tosif Siddiqi, who also oversaw repairs made at PS 152
in The Bronx, solicited roughly $10,000 in computers and electronic equipment
from the contractor for approving payments in 2001 and 2002.

* James Keller, a project officer, accepted $2,000 in cash last year from a
contractor responsible for making repairs at Sheepshead Bay HS in Brooklyn.

* Former project officer Melvin Porterfield, 59, shared confidential estimates
on construction bids at numerous schools in Manhattan for $1,000 a pop.

Investigators filed the charges after convincing a contractor who had paid
bribes to wear a wire.

The contractor involved in the sting claimed that over the years, he had paid
officials tens of thousands of dollars more than the bribes they were charged
with receiving, according to court papers.

The investigation was conducted jointly by the FBI, the state attorney general
and the SCA inspectors.

If convicted, each official faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.

"Public contracting must be free from corruption," said U.S. Attorney Michael
Garcia. "This is all the more important where those projects relate to our
public school system and ultimately affect the health and welfare of our
children."

The six defendants were all in custody and unavailable for comment.

Kathleen Grimm, the city's deputy chancellor for finance and administration,
called the alleged bribery schemes "deplorable" and said new procedures have
been implemented to prevent corruption.

Work orders are now logged and tracked by computer and only project officer
supervisors can approve payments to contractors, Grimm said.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             990 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

Former New Orleans mayor Nagin guilty of taking bribes

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 194 words


A jury of six men and six women convicted Nagin on 20 of 21 counts, including
bribery, wire fraud, conspiracy, money laundering and tax evasion. It acquitted
him on one bribery count.

A sentencing hearing has been set for June 11. Nagin, 57, faces at least 20
years in jail, according to legal experts.

Prosecutors said the combined value of the bribes, which included lavish
personal parties, private jet rides and first-class airfare for a Nagin family
shopping trip to New York, totalled more than $500,000 ( 365,000).

During the 10-day trial, the jury heard from some 30 prosecution witnesses,
including a city hall insider and contractors who earlier pleaded guilty to
bribing public officials and are awaiting sentencing.

Prosecutors described Nagin as a mayor on the take, granting favours for bribes
that included tonnes of free granite delivered to a kitchen countertop company
he ran with his sons.

Nagin showed no obvious initial reaction as the verdict was read. He had spent
several hours on the witness stand during which he flatly denied taking bribes.

Asked by a reporter if Nagin is likely to appeal the verdict, his lawyer Robert
Jenkins said: "Of course."

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Landmark Digital Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             991 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

Arizona: Former Bechtel Executive Pleads Guilty in Connection with a $5.2
Million Kickback Scheme

LENGTH: 930  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

WASHINGTON--The former Principal Vice President of Bechtel Corporation and
General Manager of the Power Generation Engineering and Services Company
(PGESCo) pleaded guilty today in connection with a $5.2 million kickback scheme
intended to manipulate the competitive bidding process for state-run power
contracts in Egypt.

Assistant Attorney General Leslie R. Caldwell of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division, U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein of the District of Maryland,
Special Agent in Charge Stephen E. Vogt of the FBI's Baltimore Division and
Special Agent in Charge Thomas J. Kelly of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal
Investigation (IRS-CI) Washington D.C. Field Office made the announcement.

"Asem Elgawhary took more than $5 million in kickbacks from companies trying to
manipulate a competitive bidding process in their favor," said Assistant
Attorney General Caldwell. "Foreign corruption is an international scourge, and
we will pursue those who take bribes, whether they are government officials or
high-ranking corporate executives, like Elgawhary. Every corruption conviction
is a step towards rooting out and deterring this global problem."

"Our economy is so global in this day and age that if we allowed corrupt
practices overseas such as taking bribes in exchange for special consideration
when comparing bids, it would seriously impact our international trade. What Mr.
Elgawhary admitted to doing has a dramatic affect on U.S. companies being able
to expand and grow their work forces overseas in a fair market place, which in
the long run hurts our economy," said Special Agent in Charge Vogt of the FBI in
Maryland and Delaware. "He displayed his blatant disregard for our rule of law
when he used a portion of the bribe payment to purchase a house for $1.6 million
in cash. This should send a message to others like Mr. Elgawhary, that hiding
behind a foreign government won't protect you from prosecution."

"Mr. Elgawhary allowed greed to compromise his business practices by taking
kickbacks to provide unfair advantages to companies willing pay for power
contracts," stated Special Agent in Charge Kelly of IRS-CI's Washington D.C.
Field Office. "He compounded his criminal activities by failing to report any of
the kickback payments as income on his tax returns. It is imperative that honest
companies know IRS Criminal Investigation will investigate and bring to
prosecution those willing to line their pockets through unethical business
practices."

Asem Elgawhary, 73, of Potomac, Maryland, pleaded guilty today before U.S.
District Judge Deborah K. Chasanow of the District of Maryland to mail fraud,
conspiracy to commit money laundering, and obstruction and interference with the
administration of the tax laws. Sentencing is scheduled for Mar. 23, 2015.

In his plea agreement, Elgawhary admitted that, from 1996 to 2011, he was
assigned by Bechtel - a U.S. corporation engaged in engineering, construction
and project management - to be the general manager at PGESCo, a joint venture
between Bechtel and Egypt's state-owned and state-controlled electricity company
(EEHC). PGESCo assisted EEHC in identifying possible subcontractors, soliciting
bids and awarding contracts to perform power projects for EEHC. Elgawhary
admitted to accepting a total of $5.2 million from three power companies, which
they paid to secure a competitive and unfair advantage in the bidding process.
According to court documents, the power companies and their consultants paid
more than $5.2 million in kickback payments into various off-shore bank accounts
under the control of Elgawhary, including various Swiss bank accounts.

As Elgawhary admitted in his plea agreement, he attempted to conceal the
kickback scheme by routing the payments through various off-shore bank accounts,
including Swiss bank accounts, under his control. Elgawhary also sent various
documents and "Representation Letters" to Bechtel executives and members of the
PGESCo Board of Directors in Maryland, falsely certifying that he had no
knowledge of any fraud or suspected fraud at PGESCo, and that there were no
violations or possible violations of law or regulations that should have been
considered for disclosure in PGESCo's financial statements. Elgawhary also
admitted that, in further attempt to conceal the scheme, he made
misrepresentations to counsel for Bechtel when he was interviewed in April 2011.

Elgawhary also admitted to conspiring to launder the proceeds of the scheme and
to obstructing and impeding the administration of U.S. tax laws by falsely
claiming that he maintained only one foreign bank account, denying that he
received any income from a foreign bank account, and failing to report any of
the kickback payments as income for the tax years 2008 through 2011.

Elgawhary, a dual U.S. and Egyptian citizen, was arrested on a complaint when he
flew into the United States on Nov. 26, 2013, and was indicted on Feb. 10, 2014.

The case is being investigated by the FBI's Baltimore Division and IRS-CI's
Washington D.C. Field Office. Significant assistance was provided by the
Criminal Division's Office of International Affairs, and law enforcement
counterparts in Switzerland, Germany, Italy, Saudi Arabia and Cyprus. The case
is being prosecuted by Assistant Chief Daniel S. Kahn of the Criminal Division's
Fraud Section and Assistant U.S. Attorney David I. Salem of the District of
Maryland.


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             992 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Washington: Owners of Home Health Companies and Patient Recruiter Plead Guilty
in Miami for Roles in $20 Million Health Care Fraud Scheme

LENGTH: 910  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

The owners and operators of several Miami home health care agencies and a
patient recruiter pleaded guilty today in connection with a health care fraud
scheme involving defunct home health care company Trust Care Health Services
Inc. (Trust Care).

Acting Assistant Attorney General Mythili Raman of the Justice Department's
Criminal Division; U.S. Attorney Wifredo A. Ferrer of the Southern District of
Florida; Special Agent in Charge Michael B. Steinbach of the FBI's Miami Field
Office; Special Agent in Charge Christopher B. Dennis of the U.S. Department of
Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General (HHS-OIG) Office of
Investigations Miami office; and Acting Special Agent in Charge Michael J.
DePalma of the Internal Revenue Service-Criminal Investigation's (IRS-CI) Miami
Field Office made the announcement.

Roberto Marrero, 60; Sandra Fernandez Viera, 49; and Enrique Rodriguez, 59, all
of Miami, pleaded guilty before U.S. Magistrate Judge Edwin G. Torres in the
Southern District of Florida to conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

Marrero and Fernandez Viera were owners and operators of Trust Care, a Miami
home health care agency that purported to provide home health and physical
therapy services to Medicare beneficiaries. Rodriguez worked as a patient
recruiter on behalf of Trust Care and Marrero and Fernandez Viera.

According to court documents, Marrero and Fernandez Viera operated Trust Care
for the purpose of billing the Medicare Program for, among other things,
expensive physical therapy and home health care services that were not medically
necessary and/or were not provided.

Marrero largely controlled Trust Care and, in light of that role, oversaw the
schemes operating out of the company. Fernandez Viera's primary role, among
others, involved managing and supervising personnel at Trust Care. Both Marrero
and Fernandez Viera were responsible for negotiating and paying kickbacks and
bribes, interacting with patient recruiters, and coordinating and overseeing the
submission of fraudulent claims submitted to the Medicare program.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera, and their co-conspirators paid kickbacks and bribes to
patient recruiters, including Rodriguez, in return for the recruiters providing
patients to Trust Care for home health and therapy services that were medically
unnecessary and/or not provided. Marrero, Fernandez Viera, and their
co-conspirators at Trust Care also paid kickbacks and bribes to co-conspirators
in doctors' offices and clinics in exchange for home health and therapy
prescriptions, medical certifications, and other documentation. Marrero,
Fernandez Viera, and their co-conspirators used these prescriptions, medical
certifications, and other documentation to fraudulently bill the Medicare
program for home health care services, which Marrero and Fernandez Viera knew
was in violation of federal criminal laws.

Rodriguez offered and paid kickbacks and bribes to Medicare beneficiaries in
return for those beneficiaries allowing Trust Care to bill Medicare for services
that were medically unnecessary and/or not provided. Rodriguez solicited and
received kickbacks and bribes from the owners and operators of Trust Care,
including Marrero and Fernandez Viera, in return for his patient recruiting.
Rodriguez knew that in many instances the patients he recruited for Trust Care
did not qualify for the services billed to Medicare.

From approximately March 2007 through at least October 2010, Trust Care
submitted more than $20 million in claims for home health services. Medicare
paid Trust Care more than $15 million for these fraudulent claims.

Marrero, Fernandez Viera, and Rodriguez also acknowledged their involvement in
similar fraudulent schemes at several other Miami health care agencies in
addition to Trust Care with estimated total losses of approximately $50 million,
including Global Nursing Home Health Inc., Lovable Home Health Services Corp.,
New Concepts In Health Inc., Ubieta Health System Inc., R&M Health Care Inc.,
Vital Care Home Health Services Inc., Centrum Home Health Care Inc., and A&B
Health Services Inc.

At sentencing, scheduled for November 12, 2013, the defendants face a maximum
penalty of 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit health care fraud and
five years in prison for conspiracy to receive and pay health care kickbacks.

The case was investigated by the FBI and HHS-OIG, with the assistance of IRS-CI,
and was brought as part of the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, under the
supervision of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section and the U.S. Attorney's
Office for the Southern District of Florida. This case was prosecuted by Trial
Attorney A. Brendan Stewart of the Criminal Division's Fraud Section.

Since its inception in March 2007, the Medicare Fraud Strike Force, now
operating in nine cities across the country, has charged more than 1,500
defendants who have collectively billed the Medicare program for more than $5
billion. In addition, HHS's Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, working
in conjunction with HHS-OIG, are taking steps to increase accountability and
decrease the presence of fraudulent providers.

To learn more about the Health Care Fraud Prevention and Enforcement Action Team
(HEAT), go to www.stopmedicarefraud.gov.

For more information please visit: http://www.fbi.gov

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             993 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                          September 24, 2016 Saturday

Cuomo safeguards Buffalo Billion as superior than nine men indicted

LENGTH: 431  words


Well, he was arraigned in the courthouse he built. Roused from his bed before 7
a.m. Thursday morning, Louis P. Ciminelli was led from his home in handcuffs,
past his wife, and taken to U.S. District Court in Buffalo, a building that his
company had constructed, to face charges of wire fraud and bribery.

The high-profile developer and political power player, along with two other
LPCiminelli development company executives, stands accused of paying an Albany
lobbyist $100,000 to rig the bidding process for the $750 million Solar City
complex construction project, a part of the Buffalo Billion program.

Charged along with Ciminelli, were prominent Pendleton resident Kevin Schuler, a
senior vice president with the company, and Michael Laipple, LPCiminellis
Infrastructure Division president.

Todays complaint sheds a light on the sordid Show me the money culture in
Albany, said Preet Bharara, U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York.
(It was) hundreds of thousands of dollars in bribes for hundreds of millions of
dollars in business.

The charges are contained in a criminal complaint filed in U.S. District Court
in Manhattan. The indictment follows a year-long investigation by agents in the
FBIs Buffalo Field Office, along with investigators from Bhararas office.

We came across this during another (ongoing) investigation, FBI Special
Agent-in-Charge of the Buffalo Office Adam Cohen said. Our investigators are
very seasoned, but it didnt take a seasoned investigator to see things were
amiss and then it became much bigger than we originally thought (it would be).

Ciminelli, Schuler and Laipple are accused of paying bribes to Todd Howe, who
had been hired by Alain Kaloyeros, the president of SUNY Polytechnic Institute,
to help administer the Buffalo Billion initiative and related programs.
Oversight of the Buffalo Billion has been under the direction of Kaloyeros and
others, like Howe, at SUNY Poly.

The federal complaint charges that Howe and Kaloyeros secretly rigged the bids
on lucrative state-funded contracts to ensure that LPCiminelli and a
Syracuse-based developer would win the contracts.

The complaint also charges Joseph Percoco, the former executive deputy secretary
to Gov. Andrew Cuomo, Kaloyeros, energy company executive Peter Galbraith Kelly
Jr., and Syracuse developers Steven Aiello and Joseph Gerardi with multiple
counts of extortion, honest services fraud, solicitation of bribes, payment of
bribes, wire fraud and lying to the FBI in connection with actions taken on
state projects other than the Buffalo Billion. 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             994 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               April 27, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Doctor Seized in Christie Photo Theft

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section 2; Page 2, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 375 words


A New Haven physician was arrested in Manhattan yesterday and charged with the
theft of a photograph on exhibition at Christie's Park Avenue auction house and
with attempting to bribe the arresting officers.

The physician, Dr. Herbert I. Suesserman, a part-time clinical professor of
obstetrics and gynecology at the Yale University School of Medicine, was charged
with grand larceny and bribery and held for overnight arraignment in State
Supreme Court in Manhattan.

According to Christie's and the police, Dr. Suesserman appeared at the auction
house at 502 Park Avenue, at 59th Street, shortly after 4 P.M. Monday and was
observed by security guards slipping a small photograph on exhibition into a
catalogue he had in his hand.

Later Sold at Auction

The exhibition featured 19th- and 20th-century photographers. Their works were
auctioned yesterday.

Dr. Suesserman is charged with stealing a photograph by Harry Callahan, whose
pictures have been compared with those of his mentor, the late Ansel Adams. The
recovered photograph was later sold at auction, along with a larger print, for
$1,210.

A spokeswoman for Christie's, Roberta Mameker, said another gallery had warned
Christie's to ''look out'' for Dr. Suesserman, though she declined to name the
gallery or give the reason for the warning.

A Personal Check

According to the arresting officers, Frank Gray and Perry Kantor, Dr. Suesserman
offered his first bribe from the rear seat of their squad car, saying, ''I'm a
doctor; is there any way to make this not have happened,'' and then offered them
a personal check for $2,000.

At the 19th Precinct station house, at 312 East 94th Street, the two officers
reported the bribe attempt and Officer Gray was fitted with a hidden tape
recorder. It was after that, the police said, that Dr. Suesserman raised his
bribe offer, made out a check for $2,500 and gave it to Officer Gray.

Dr. Suesserman, who is 50 years old, is in private practice in New Haven and
lives in Woodbridge, Conn.

An administrative assistant at the Yale medical school, Marion Davis-Aimesbury,
said Dr. Suesserman was an assistant clinical professor, or part-time faculty
member, and an attending physician at the Yale-New Haven Medical Center.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                             995 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Former Arizona Army National Guard Sergeant Sentenced to 52 Months
in Prison for Participating in Scheme to Protect Purported Drug Traffickers

LENGTH: 491  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Department of Justice, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

A former member of the Arizona Army National Guard was sentenced today to 52
months in prison for his role in a scheme to accept bribes from purported drug
traffickers in exchange for using his military position to protect shipments of
cocaine during transportation, announced Assistant Attorney General Leslie R.
Caldwell of the Justice Department's Criminal Division.

Raul Portillo, 42, of Phoenix, Arizona, pleaded guilty on Nov. 21, 2014, to one
count of conspiracy to commit bribery and interfere with commerce by attempted
extortion. U.S. District Judge James A. Soto of the District of Arizona imposed
the sentence.

According to admissions made in connection with his guilty plea, Portillo, a
sergeant in the Arizona Army National Guard, conspired with others from the
Arizona Army National Guard to accept cash bribes to protect narcotics
traffickers who were purportedly transporting and distributing cocaine from
Arizona to other locations in the southwestern United States. Unbeknownst to
Portillo and the other co-conspirators, however, the supposed narcotics
traffickers were actually undercover FBI agents.

Specifically, Portillo admitted that he wore his official uniform, carried
official forms of identification, used official vehicles and used his official
authority, where necessary, to prevent police stops and searches as he drove
cocaine shipments through checkpoints manned by the U.S. Border Patrol, the
Arizona Department of Public Safety, and Nevada law enforcement officers.
Portillo admitted that he took bribe payments totaling $12,000 for transporting
cocaine on two separate occasions. Portillo also admitted that he accepted a
$2,000 cash payment in exchange for recruiting an Immigration and Customs
Enforcement inspector into the conspiracy.

In 2006, an arrest warrant was issued for Portillo, and Portillo was arrested in
May 2011, arraigned and released on personal recognizance. Portillo admitted
that in or around July 2011, he fled to avoid prosecution.

To date, 58 defendants have been convicted and sentenced for charges stemming
from this investigation.

This case is part of a joint investigation conducted by the Southern Arizona
Corruption Task Force (SACTF), which is comprised of the FBI, the Drug
Enforcement Administration, the Bureau of Immigration and Customs Enforcement,
and the Tucson Police Department. Though not part of the SACTF, the Arizona
National Guard, Air Force Office of Special Investigations, Defense Criminal
Investigative Service and Internal Revenue Service's Criminal Investigation
Division also participated in the investigation. The case is being prosecuted by
Trial Attorneys Monique T. Abrishami and Peter N. Halpern of the Criminal
Division's Public Integrity Section.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             996 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 21, 2015 Saturday

Washington: Federal Correctional Officer Sentenced to 18 Months for Public
Corruption

LENGTH: 276 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Federal Bureau of Investigation has issued the following news
release:



 Jermaine Brown, 37, of Chesterfield, was sentenced today to 18 months in prison
for accepting bribes in his role as a federal prison guard in exchange for
smuggling cigarettes to inmates.





 Brown pleaded guilty on Aug. 20, 2015. According to court documents, Brown
admitted that he accepted bribes in exchange for providing contraband cigarettes
to inmates while he was employed as a correctional officer at Federal
Correctional Institute-Petersburg. After providing the contraband cigarettes,
Brown instructed the inmates to have their friends or family members wire
transfer money to a known associate of Brown.



 According to court documents, on or about Feb. 10, 2011, Brown's associate
picked up two Western Union wire transfers totaling $1,450 sent by or on behalf
of the inmates, and the associate delivered the money to Brown as a bribe for
providing contraband cigarettes to inmates at FCI Petersburg. As part of his
plea, Brown agreed that he received and accepted a total of $3,050 in bribes
from federal inmates.



 Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia; Adam S.
Lee, Special Agent in Charge of the FBI's Richmond Field Office; and Michael
Tompkins, Special Agent in Charge of the Department of Justice Office of the
Inspector General's Washington Field Office, made the announcement after
sentencing by U.S. District Judge M. Hannah Lauck. Assistant U.S. Attorneys Erik
S. Siebert and Michael C. Moore are prosecuting the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             997 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                   The Mirror

                             March 25, 2011 Friday
                                 3 Star Edition

L OF A BEATING;
TESTER HIT FOR REFUSING BRIBE

BYLINE: STEPHEN WHITE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 264 words


A LEARNER driver used a dodgy manoeuvre to try to pass her fifth test by
offering the examiner a bribe - then attacked him when he refused to take the
cash.

Former teacher Jin Su, 35, gave the official a red envelope containing between
pounds 400 and pounds 500 in folded twenties, saying: "This will be good for you
- and for me."

Su, who has a young son, handed over the money before she began but Driving
Standards Agency examiner Keith Ashcroft refused to take it and put the brakes
on her test.

Furious Sue then attacked him in the street, Manchester crown court heard
yesterday.

She grabbed his wrists and tried to push him back into the car, shouting: "I
want the test to continue!" When arrested, she told police that giving money in
a red envelope is a Far Eastern custom to bring good luck, but later admitted it
had been a bribe.

Su, from Swinton, pleaded guilty to offering a bribe and common assault.

She was ordered to do 50 hours of unpaid work and to pay Mr Ashcroft pounds 100
compensation.

Michael Hopkinson, defending, said: "In the part of the world where my client
originates it's much more common than here, but she knows she must abide by the
laws and rules as they exist here."

He added that Su had no previous convictions and was pregnant.

Passing sentence, judge David Stockdale QC told her: "You offered the money in
expectation that the examiner would in due course record that you passed. That
is corruption of a serious kind.

"Driving examiners carry out important work for the safety of all road users, by
ensuring that all those who drive are competent to do so."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ROAD RAGE Jin Su

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                            Copyright 2011 MGN Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             998 of 1000 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            December 14, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Sentencing set in bribery scheme;
A Maine defense contractor could get 40 years for buying Army weapons
subcontracts.

BYLINE: TREVOR MAXWELL Staff Writer --

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


A prominent Maine defense contractor and two of his relatives are scheduled to
be sentenced in federal court Jan. 15 for their roles in a bribery scheme that
bilked millions of dollars from the Army.

Maurice ''Moe'' Subilia Jr., 65, of Kennebunkport was the mastermind behind
weapons procurement fraud that involved the bribery of two officials at the
Army's Space and Missile Defense Command outside Huntsville, Ala. Subilia
pleaded guilty earlier this year to conspiracy, money laundering and bribery of
public officials. He faces up to 40 years in prison.

Subilia's brother Robert Subilia of Wells and son-in-law Paul Hurlburt of
Kennebunk also have pleaded guilty to conspiracy charges, punishable by a
maximum of five years.

Michael Cantrell, formerly a division director at the missile defense command,
was sentenced to five years in prison during a hearing in Birmingham, Ala., last
week. He and another Army official, Douglas Ennis, received at least $1.6
million in bribes from defense contractors between 2000 and 2007.

Maurice Subilia has admitted to paying $1.2 million in bribes to Cantrell and
Ennis, who had control over contracts at Missile Defense Command.

In exchange for the bribes, the Army officials directed more than $10 million in
subcontracts to companies controlled by Subilia. His companies, however,
supplied materials that were mostly worthless to the military, including
government scrap and previously used display items.

The overall conspiracy began in 2000, when Maurice Subilia made a secret deal
with Cantrell and Ennis, court records show.

Subilia already had long-standing ties at Space and Missile Defense Command
because he was president of Fiber Materials Inc., a Biddeford-based defense
contracting firm. Fiber Materials was a regular supplier at Space and Missile
Defense Command, as one of only a few firms capable of producing the
sophisticated heat-resistant parts used in ballistic missiles.

Subilia used other companies under his control, including Sage Technologies Inc.
and Lealagi Inc., to carry out the scheme. Some of the materials provided by
Subilia's companies did have value to the government, but it is unclear exactly
how much. The Army estimates its overall losses in the case at between $2.5
million and $7 million.

Subilia apparently committed his crimes behind the backs of other leaders at
Fiber Materials. No one else at that company has been accused of wrongdoing.
Subilia resigned as president of Fiber Materials in April 2007, when federal
investigators revealed that he was under investigation.


Staff Writer Trevor Maxwell can be contacted at 791-6451 or at:

tmaxwell@pressherald.comSubilia used other companies under his control to carry
out the scheme.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                             999 of 1000 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Arizona: Let's Try That Again: Selling the Teapot Dome Oil Field

LENGTH: 366  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Energy has issued the following news release:

In 1922, President Warren Harding's Interior Secretary Albert Fall found himself
in hot water after taking bribes to sell a small oil field in Wyoming, as well
as one in California.

Now -- 93 years later -- the Department of Energy is signing papers to take the
Teapot Dome field out of federal hands for the second and final time.

Fall was caught taking bribes from executives of both Mammoth Oil Company and
Pan American Petroleum and Transport Company -- to which he'd just leased the
oil production rights of the Teapot Dome field in Wyoming and the Elk Hills
field in California, respectively.

The Senate investigation led to court cases, and in 1927 a Supreme Court ruling
said the leases were invalid and returned the oil fields to the Navy.

Fall fell fast, and in 1929 became the first former U.S. cabinet official
sentenced to prison when he was found guilty of accepting bribes. (An
interesting side note: Edward L. Doheny of Pan American Petroleum was not only
acquitted of bribery, but his company foreclosed on Fall's home because of
"unpaid loans," referring to the bribery money.)

The oilfield lay dormant until 1977 when the land -- now called Naval Petroleum
Reserve #3, or NPR-3 -- was transferred to the Energy Department along with the
Elk Hills field. The crude oil, natural gas and liquid products produced from
the reserves were sold at market rates and revenues were deposited to the U.S.
Treasury.

In nearly 40 years of operation under the Department of Energy, the NPR-3
oilfield produced over 22 million barrels of oil, resulting in over $569 million
deposited in the U.S. Treasury. NPR-3 also became the home of the Department's
Rocky Mountain Oilfield Testing Center, which used the reserve as a commercial
testing ground for new technologies and processes.

After a competitive bidding process -- something not required in 1922 -- the
papers were signed today to sell the historic oilfield to Stranded Oil Resources
Corporation for $45.2 million, closing the federal chapter of Teapot Dome
ownership.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                             1000 of 1000 DOCUMENTS

                                 NEW YORK TIMES

                           April 11, 1973, Wednesday

SECTION: Page 1, Column 1

LENGTH: 143 words

Former NYC Youth Services Comr T Gross on Apr 10 admits in NYS Sup Ct that he
had accepted bribes during his 16 mos in office; withdraws plea of not guilty
and pleads guilty to 2 counts of indictment in brief appearance before Justice G
P Culkin; 6 other counts in indictment are in effect dismissed as result; Gross
faces maximum 7-yr prison term; sources in Manhattan Dist Atty Hogan's office
say Hogan will press for 'substantial' jail term; Gross admits taking $2,500
bribe on Feb 6 '72 from Urbanomics Corp, mgt-consultant concern in NYC, and
conspiring to accept bribes from Game-Time Inc, Mich mfr of recreational
equipment; both cos were seeking contracts from agency; indictment charges that
Gross awarded contracts only after they agreed to pay bribe; case against J
Mosley Jr, who is accused of being Gross's 'bag man,' is postponed; Gross illus

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE:  NYT

TYPE: EDITOR'S NOTES OR REPLIES (BRACKETED AT END OF LETTER)

GRAPHIC: PHOTOGRAPHS

              Copyright 1973 The New York Times Company: Abstracts
